I do not own Harry Potter, Hogwarts or characters from the books/movies. All rights go to J.K. Rowling.410

Just another Harry Potter's Twin FanFic. 30

There will be a lot of big changes in this book. One of the bigger ones being that it is not the same time. Their first year is in 2011 (I made them born the same year as me so I know timelines and stuff.)464

*EDIT: 24/03/18Let me clarify the above point because in the 5 or so years that it has been there it has confused so many people (which is my fault; it was bad wording). Harry and his twin begin their first year in 2011, and were therefore born in 2000, which is the year that I was born. I would just change it to make it clearer, but I like reading the comments on it.220

Also, some of the characters will be very different and if they play a big role in the storyline, they will be replaced by different charcaters. 9

It will get better as it goes along, so if you read the first few chapters and think ehh they're okay please take a few minutes just to read a few more chapters. If you still don't like it, thanks for reading anyway.4

Happy Reading!!!1

---------------------------------------+

13/07/1746

And so the editing begins.+

-Bookworm3320006

I groggily blinked my eyes open, and took a minute to take in the surroundings that were my dingy old basement. I yawned once, fumbling to reach my hand under my pillow, which had once again fallen off my twin mattress that lay on the floor. I reached inside the pillowcase to grab the iPod I'd stolen from Dudley, and noticed I had only 15 minutes before I'd need to get up, seeing as my Aunt Petunia wanted me and my twin brother, Harry, up at 7:45.276

 I briefly glanced at the picture of my mum and dad on the floor beside the mattress. I sighed, picking up the frame and glancing at the picture through cracked glass. I wish they were still here. I wouldn't have to live with Vernon and Petunia, and lastly, their son, the pig, Dudley. If that drunk driver hadn't hit us, we'd still be a family. Harry and I escaped with only two lightning bolt scars on our foreheads.359

 That always made me curious. How did Harry and I manage to get the exact same scar, in the exact same place? And how did we get such a scar? Harry and I had come up with many theories, our most realistic being that a bent up piece of metal had struck us both in the head. 225

 I turned on the front facing camera on my iPod, and fixed my dark red hair, which as always, was a complete mess. I flipped my long bangs from my hazel eyes, which I inherited from my dad. I punched in my passcode, and pondered on what to do.186

 I decided I wanted to talk to Harry, so I quickly FaceTimed him only the other iPod I'd stolen from the same cousin (both times he thought he'd lost it, while in reality I'd been taking them. He got a new one within days of its 'dissapearance'). Harry was in his room, the small cupboard under the stairs, while I had my room, in the basement only lit by four, dying lightbulbs, full of cobwebs, and cement walls and flooring. Though, it was about four times bigger than Pig's room.87

 Harry quickly picked up and scowled. "Melody, why don't you just come up here and talk to me?" 66

 "What did you call me?" I asked sweetly. As I did, one light in the dingy room brightened, and my hair seemed to turn a shade brighter.61

 "Sorry Lily," he grumbled. "But why don't you just come up here and talk? We have five minutes until Aunt Petunia gets up."117

 "Exactly. By the time I get up there, Petunia will be yelling for us to get up," I said, rolling my eyes at my ridiculous twin.+

 "Whatever. You're ridiculous by the way. Not me."12

 I blushed, figuring I must've said it out loud. "Shut up Harry."38

 "Harry! Lily! Up! Up you get! Time for you to make breakfast and get over to Ms. Figg's! Now! Come on! Hurry it up! Harry, Melody up!" I heard Petunia's shrieking voice floating down the stairs, and I heard her knocking continuously on the door.44

"Don't call me Melody!" I screamed up the stairs.31

"That's your name!" she screeched.4

"My name is Melody Lily Potter! And I go by Lily!" I retorted loudly.191

"I'll call you whatever I want as long as you're living under my roof," Petunia said, still rapping her knuckles on Harry's door.51

"It's not like I want to be living under your roof," I mumbled so only Harry could hear.10

Harry chuckled at my words and glanced at the door as Petunia continued to knock. He groaned quietly and glanced back at the camera.27

"See you soon I guess," he groaned.1

 "See you soon then Harry," I said.3

 We hung up, and I shut off my iPod, and tucked it back into my pillowcase. I stood up and went to the cardboard box in the corner of the room. I opened the box and looked at my small collection of reasonably nice clothes. I pulled on a pair of navy skinny jeans, some plain white socks, a black t-shirt, and a light grey zip-up hoodie, which I left undone.90

 I trudged miserably up the stairs, meeting up with Harry, who's door was across the hall from mine. He wore a baggy pair of dark jeans (his only pair that he hadn't had handed down from Pig, all of which were at least four times too big for him), plain white socks, a white tee, and a black pullover hoodie. His round glasses looked like they had more tape on them than they had the day before. His glasses made his emerald green eyes, which he got from mom, stand out.59

 I grinned at him slightly. I reached over and swatted a spider off of his hoodie, causing Harry to chuckle. Harry, was used to the amount of spiders in his room under the stairs, but it still gave me immense shivers. Spiders weren't my favourite. 323

We then headed off for the kitchen. We quickly got started on bacon, eggs, toast, and coffee, being extremely cautious not to burn anything. Pig waddled in soon after, wearing his pyjamas which he'd gotten only a month ago. They were already getting too tight for him, and a few buttons had popped off. Petunia let out a squeal and covered her mouth.49

 "Look at little Duddy-Kins! How's my big eleven year old boy?" she crooned.63

 "Mpf. Food," Pig grunted, enclosed in his mother's bony arms.111

I snickered. All that Pig ever did was eat, play video games, watch TV and sleep. Often, he did multiple at the same time. I'd once found him with both his TV's on. On one he was playing video games, on the other he was watching TV, all while he was pigging out on a slice of cake.134

 "Oh Dumpy-Diddy is all ready for his Birthday Breakfast!" Petunia squeaked, and ushered Dudley over to his seat.65

 He sat, and his fat bottom hung over both sides of the chair, much like his father. He eyed the food with his watery blue eyes, and as was daily routine, glared in my direction. He'd always hated me more than Harry, because I was the troublemaker, and Dudley was my favourite prank victim. I rolled my eyes at him, careful to make sure Vernon didn't pay any notice in hopes that maybe Harry or I would get a slice of bacon today.81

Harry and I finished breakfast quickly, served it to the Dursleys and waited until they were finished their breakfast, so we could have the leftovers. We sat quietly off to the side, watching as pig stuffed his face with every piece of food in reach. I turned away, disgusted.10

"Come on Harry, let's go wait downstairs," I muttered.+

Harry and I stood from our spot on the floor, and started off through the kitchen. I snatched a slice of bacon as we walked, and it went unnoticed. I gave half to Harry, and we savored the taste. We didn't usually didn't get bacon, because it was usually gone by the time the Dursleys were finished. 53

Harry and I headed down the rickety old stairs into the basement, where I collapsed onto the mattress, and Harry took a seat on the end. I pulled my iPod out and realized the camera was still on, and focused on Harry. I laughed, and snapped a picture. Harry looked completely clueless.7

"Did you even try to tame your hair this morning Harry?" I laughed.8

"Shut up Lily," he glanced at the picture of mom and dad behind me. "Look it's all Dad's fault."61

I glanced at Dad's equally messy hair in the picture that sat behind me. Harry was the spitting image of Dad, but with Mum's emerald green, almond shaped eyes. I was the opposite. I was the spitting image of Mum, but with Dad's round, hazel eyes. It was nearly impossible to tell we were twins.255

We sat around for a little while longer, mostly playing games on my iPod, of taking pictures of one another and laughing at how bad we looked. A few minutes before we figured the Dursleys, or rather Dudley, would be finish, I took a glance toward Harry. The knee of his jeans were finally beginning to wear, and his skin was visible through a quickly growing rip.12

"No funny business," snarled Uncle Vernon as we stepped out of the car.9

"Yes Uncle Vernon" Harry droned monotonously while at the same time I scoffed what I thought was quietly. Vernon glared at me and shoved a sausagey finger in my face.4

"You will behave," he turned away and I rolled my eyes.34

Pig saw the gesture and glared at me. I shot a glare right back and Dudley, looking slightly frightened, turned away. He'd brought along one of his friends, Piers Polkiss, Dudley's right hand man.63

Dudley was the 'leader' of his little gang, and their favourite thing to do was beat other kids up; kids who were usually younger or smaller than himself. Their favourite target used to be Harry and me, until they'd encountered me when I was still frustrated at Vernon for confiscating my school supplies so I'd get in trouble at school, and all left with bruises and black eyes. From then on they became frightened of me, and left me to my business. Then they'd moved onto Harry, but Harry was much too fast, and I'd always step up to defend him.83

We paid to get into the zoo, and went to get ice cream before going to see the animals. Dudley and Piers were both pigging out on triple scoop chocolate ice cream cone, and before Vernon and Petunia could hurry us away, the cheery lady had asked Harry and I what we wanted. Vernon and Petunia grudgingly bought us each a lemon ice lolly, not wanting to make a scene.76

Harry and I walked a little ways away from the Dursleys, and kept to ourselves, as to keep from getting yelled at, or anything else that could ruin the morning. We happily ate our lemon ice lollies, and chatted to one and other happily, pointing to animals and laughing.34

We walked first to the mammals, I loved the lions. I even got a few pictures on my iPod, without the Dursleys noticing. I turned to Harry, who looked just as mesmerized as I. We watched as one lion raised its head, and looked towards the glass where it must have noticed movement. It walked over, and stood at the glass. I smiled, and put my hand to the glass.94

 I was slightly disappointed when we had to leave the lions, but I knew we needed to keep close to the Dursleys, as they would surely leave without us. Dudley and Piers then became hungry, so we stopped to get some lunch. When Dudley and Piers both threw tantrums because their knickerbocker glorys weren't big enough, they were given to Harry and I, while new ones were ordered for Pig and Piers.67

After we ate, we headed through the rest of the zoo, and I once saw a large pig that resembled Dudley enough that I took a picture of it. Harry snorted loudly when I told him what I thought of it, and I considered telling Dudley as well. I decided I didn't want to be grounded for the rest of the summer, though. 26

 We kept walking until we got to the reptile house, it was dark and damp. The only light was coming from dim light bulbs hanging on the ceiling, and lights from behind the tanks. I sighed in the comforting cool air, and marveled in wonder at the dark room.4

"Daddy! Come and look at this one!" yelled Dudley excitedly as he and Piers ran towards a big tank taking up an entire wall.+

I looked at the sign on the tank it read, Brazilian boa constrictor. All of a sudden he started banging on the glass with all his might yelling. "Move!"42

"Stop!" Harry said quickly "It's sleeping."3

"It's boring," Dudley groaned walking away.3

Harry, being the kind hearted person he was, went up to the tank and leaned against the rail, sighing slightly. He offered a sorry gaze into the snakes eyes, which almost felt returned. I came up beside him and watched.+

"Sorry about him," said Harry sadly. "He doesn't know what it's like locked up with people banging on the glass all day. I know I do. He does it on my bedroom door about every day."+

The snake looked up and nodded. It slowly moved closer toward the glass, raising itself to our eye level. Its golden eyes shone with an understanding that I'd never seen in an animal before. I was stunned.+

"Can you understand us?" Harry asked, surprised.40

The snake nodded again. Its movements were smooth, and the closeness of it amazed me. I longed to be able to reach through the glass. 2

"Do you talk to people often?" Harry wondered aloud.+

The snake shook his head again. For a moment, I questioned whether this was real, or if it were just another crazy dream of mine. I had a lot of those. From flashing green lights to a large deer running around a living room that wasn't ours.119

"Where do you come from?" Questioned my brother.19

The snake jabbed its tail towards the sign. I read it again. Underneath the species of snake it said in all capitals "BRED IN CAPTIVITY". I smiled sorrowfully into the beady eyes that had locked with my own.2

"I see," Harry said. "That's us too."28

"Harry that's weird," I muttered as I ripped my gaze from the snake and turned to my brother. "One, we weren't bred. Two, we were sent to them when we were one, so we weren't put into captivity until then." I shivered, "Bred."72

Harry laughed, "Yeah, you're right."+

I heard an odd hissing sound, and turned to the snake. I saw what was an unmistakable look to me. The snake was smirking, and had let out a laugh along with it. The smirk that was almost ever present on my face matched that of it, and Harry raised an eyebrow. 38

"Dad Dad Dad Dad Dad Dad!!!" Yelled the voice I last wanted to hear. "Come and see what the snake is doing!!!"+

Dudley elbowed Harry hard in the ribs and Piers pushed me out of the way. Soon the both of us were lying on the floor as they squished his faces up against the glass. I glared at them. Suddenly Pig let out a cry and fell forwards into the water in the tank, taking Piers with him. The glass had disappeared! The snake slithered by him and he whimpered.14

"Thanks amigos," the snake hissed, looking at me and Harry on the floor beside it.153

I was too in awe to talk. I did sit up, however, and reach out to touch the smooth scales of the snake's long body. It didn't seem to mind. In fact, I could have sworn it moved closer to where I lay, in what I thought may have been an act of thanks.18

"Anytime" replied Harry, looking shaken.+

"Brazil here I come," said the snake, slithering out of sight toward a bush. 104

"Come visit sometime!" I exclaim with a laugh.1

"How do you suggest I locate you, hm?" The boa said, in what I detected was a cheeky tone. The smirk that I always wore had returned.34

"However. Adios er... Eric!" I said, quickly deciding on a name for the snake.36

"Eric? Hm. Not a name I would have assumed for myself, but I suppose it'll do."116

The snake nodded and within seconds after that was gone. Dudley got up and just as he was about to get out of the tank the glass reappeared. Dudley was stuck. Aunt Petunia came and pressed her hands up against the glass screaming. Harry lay on the floor chuckling and I laughed my head off. Dudley and Aunt Petunia looked like mimes. Vernon ran over soon after, and comforted Piers Polkiss, who was crying like a baby beside Dudley.5

Some frightened worker came to get Pig and gave him a towel, to dry off. We left soon after, dropped poor Piers Polkiss off at his home, before heading back to 4 Privet Drive. Minutes after we got home Uncle Vernon grabbed us by our hair and threw Harry in the cupboard and me down the stairs. I snarled obscenities as I climbed back to the top of the stairs.24

"What happened?" Vernon growled.+

"We don't know," Harry started. +

"One minute the glass was there and then it was gone," I explained. "How could we have had anything to do with it?"+

Uncle Vernon turned expectantly to Harry, clearly not satisfied by my answer. Harry was taken aback. "It's like she said. It was like... magic."14

The last thing I heard was Uncle Vernon yell, "There's no such thing as magic!"28

 Then two doors slammed and the light was gone. I climbed slowly down the creaky wooden stairs, and sighed heavily. I threw myself roughly down on my mattress  and pulled out my iPod to text Harry. I lay down and pulled open my messages.+

L: Well this sucks.8

H: Thank you Captain Obvious75

L: Shut up. What happened? No such thing as magic Vernon says? How does he explain the glass disappearing? Us talking to a snake? All those other times all that weird stuff happened to us?5

H: I don't know Lily. It doesn't make any sense to me either. Maybe we just both had the same dreams, maybe those crazy things didn't happen.+

L: Why would we both dream you ended up on the roof of our school Harry?17

H: I don't know Lily. I don't know, I don't know, I don't know. I'm just as confused, and as in the dark as you okay?27

L: Yeah I know. Sorry. I just need to walk it off or something. Vernon just makes me angry.+

H: The doors aren't locked. Want to go on that shopping trip you were talking about?4

L: Sure. +

I put my iPod back into my pocket, grabbed some money from where I had stashed it in a sock at the bottom of my clothes bin, sneaked up the stairs, and out the front door, where Harry stood waiting for me. The warm summer air hit my face as soon as I stepped out the door, and I squinted to see.8

"We're off then?" Harry asked, and I nodded, and we walked the short distance towards town.+

We walked the short distance into town, and went into the first cheap clothing store we saw. It was a used clothing store, but I didn't mind. There wasn't much more we could afford. We bought as much as we could with the amount I had grabbed, having nearly no fitting clothing. We split up to do our own stuff. I bought a few pairs of jeans, a jumper, a plaid button up shirt, three T- Shirts, one having the Nirvana band logo plastered on the front, and a few pairs of socks.97

I went to find Harry by the cash, and he had four pairs of jeans, two button up plaid shirts, a polo, socks, and a few t shirts. One had a logo for an unknown company on it, but we shrugged it off.92

We checked out, using nearly all of the money I'd brought with us. I figured it was worth it considering neither of us had any clothes yet. I knew we could collect enough money before we grew out of these. +

I laughed as we got back to the house, and sneaked our bags into our rooms and hid them. I went back up to see Harry and Vernon was standing in my doorway. He had a smile on his face, and a set of locks in his hand.59

This was our worst punishment ever.  When we were finally allowed out of our rooms, weeks later, summer holiday had begun.10

"Make breakfast Harry. Melody get the mail." Uncle Vernon said as soon as we entered the kitchen.25

"Stop calling me that!" I exclaimed.17

Uncle Vernon gave me a dirty look and pointed towards the front door with a large, meaty finger. His face had already gone through four shades of purple.23

"Do what I say, and get the mail," he said firmly.1

"Whatever," I muttered under my breath+

"What was that?" Vernon asked menacingly.+

"Nothing. Nothing." I said, rolling my eyes and walking away.10

I muttered angrily as I walked into the hall. Walking past my room to the front door, I looked down beneath the mail slot and saw four letters lying there. I shuffled through them. One was an electrical bill, one was a letter for Aunt Petunia from Aunt Marge, one was for Harry, one was for me.13

 Harry and I got mail! I thought. Who would send mail to us?27

I could've sworn I heard Harry reply. I shook my head. I must just be going insane from loneliness, being locked in the basement alone for weeks.45

I looked at the front of one letter again. The envelope was made of rough yellowing parchment paper. The seal was split into four squares. One was blue and had an eagle, one was yellow and had a badger, one green and had a snake, and one was scarlet and had a lion. In the middle was a big letter 'H'.24

I looked at the front again, almost unable to believe it. The address was scrawled on with shiny black ink, in great, fancy writing.17

To Harry James Potter+

4 Privet Drive, Little Whinging, Cupboard Under the Stairs+

I looked at the other one, which I assumed was mine because the one I'd looked at was Harry's.+

To Melody Lily Potter+

4 Privet Drive, Little Whinging, Basement Bedroom2

I walked into the kitchen and sat down beside Harry who had just finished making breakfast. I put the other two letters on the table beside Vernon. I lightly tapped Harry on the shoulder to get his attention and he looked at me. I showed him the letters and his eyebrows knitted together in confusion.12

"Mummy! Daddy!" Came a sudden yell from behind us. "Harry and Melody got mail!"5

"Why do people keep calling me that?!" I exclaimed in frustration.46

Everyone ignored me, much to my annoyance and looked at me and Harry. Harry looked like a deer caught in the headlights, and I sat back, arms crossed, with one eyebrow raised.30

"So what? Are we not allowed to know people?" I sniggered.1

"Give it to me," snarled Uncle Vernon as he snatched the letters out of my hands.6

"Who's it from Vernon?" Questioned Petunia4

He turned the letter around to open it and his eyes widened and his face went pale. He showed it to Petunia and she let out a squeal. Vernon put one hand on each side of the letter and ripped it in half. Dudley squealed in laughter, before turning away and turning towards the TV.28

"Hey those were our letters!" Exclaimed Harry.+

"Bloody hell! What are you thinking?!" I snarled, throwing my arms up in the air.81

Uncle Vernon looked momentarily shocked and touched what little hair he had, looking at Petunia who looked just as shocked. His face soon turned a nasty shade of purple and he snarled.+

"Harry, Melody, go to your rooms. Dudley could you please go to your room and watch TV? You can bring your food if you'd like," Vernon said.1

"But Dad I don't want to go! I want to see the letter!" Dudley yelled.5

"Just go," Uncle Vernon stated firmly.3

I'd never seen Uncle Vernon be that harsh to Dudley in my life. Dudley started 'crying' and throwing a tantrum, throwing his food around the room. Harry and I took it as our chance to escape. Harry and I walked into my basement and I sat down on the bed and Harry sat in the chair.8

"Why do you think Vernon ripped up that letter?" Harry wondered aloud.7

"I don't know," I replied. "I shouldn't have even let them see it. Sorry."16

We spent the rest of the day in my basement until Petunia started yelling at us to come out for dinner. We came out from my room to find that dinner wasn't actually ready, but rather was waiting to be made... By Harry and me. Harry and I made a quick meal, and placed it on the table quietly.26

Dinner went by silently. All you could hear was the clatter of cutlery, scraping of plates, and the occasional loud belch, or complaint from Pig. We all finished quickly and Harry and I were left to clean. Once we were finished we both headed off to our rooms.1

I pulled out my iPod and went onto iMessage. Harry had originally not wanted his own iPod, but had soon grown jealous, so we'd snatched Dudley's new one when I found it on the table unattended. Dudley had complained he lost his, and got a new one the day after.8

 Send to Harry+

Lily: Can't sleep. I really wanted to read that letter. I shouldn't have showed them in the first place. Sorry.+

Harry: It's not your fault. They're just daft. +

Lily: lol. I'm gunna try and sleep. Just wanted to say goodnight, so... Night Harr-Bear142

Harry: Night Lils.124

I shut off my iPod, stuck it on the charger and tucked it under my pillow. I tried to sleep, but I kept wondering about the letter. Who was it from? What did they want from Harry and I? How did they even know we were here? I fell into an uneasy sleep, these questions swirling around in my head.16

*20

The next morning I got up, trudged up the stairs in my red and yellow pyjamas, opened my door, and saw that Harry's door was already open. I walked into the kitchen to find Harry watching Uncle Vernon ripping another letter that looked exactly like the one from the last morning. We got sent to our rooms, though we stayed in my room the whole time, and only came out for meals and the bathroom.34

Come morning, a horrid sound woke me before I even needed to be up. I dared to quietly pad up the steps and peek my head into the hall. Vernon was at the front door, boarding up the mail slot. Having heard the click of my door opening he glanced up, gave a smug smile and held up the drill for us to clearer see. I frowned and shut the door again.3

 It went on like that until Sunday morning; a letter would find its way into the house, once under the door and once in an open window, and then said opening would be sealed shut. Sunday morning was an interesting day to say the least. Well, that morning the Dursleys were sitting in the armchairs in the living room while Harry and I served biscuits.4

 "Sundays," Uncle Vernon started gleefully. "Best day of the week in my opinion. Do you know why?"+

 "No mail on Sundays," Harry said dully, giving Dudley yet another biscuit before daring to set them on the table which was well in arms length of all the Dursleys.16

Harry straightened out the letter. He glanced at me once, and let his eyes meet mine. I gave him a smile, and a nod of encouragement. He began to read aloud.+

"HOGWARTS SCHOOL +

of WITCHCRAFT and WIZARDRY1

Headmaster: Albus Dumbledore 17

(Order of Merlin, First Class, Grand Sorc., Chf. Warlock, +

Supreme Mugwump, International Confed. of Wizards)14

Dear Mr. Potter,1

We are pleased to inform you that you have been accepted at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Please find enclosed a list of all necessary books and equipment. 34

Term begins on September 1. We await your owl by no later than July 31.12

Yours sincerely,+

Minerva McGonagall 8

Deputy Headmistress"28

Harry flipped the page over and continued reading, leaving me no time to ask the millions of questions I had. I frowned at him, but with his gaze locked on the letter he was reading, he didn't even notice.+

"HOGWARTS SCHOOL +

of WITCHCRAFT and WIZARDRY+

UNIFORM +

First-year students will require: +

1.Three sets of plain work robes (black) +

2.One plain pointed hat (black) for day wear 7

3.One pair of protective gloves (dragon hide or similar) +

4.One winter cloak (black, with silver fastenings) +

Please note that all pupil's clothes should carry name tags.+

COURSE BOOKS +

All students should have a copy of each of the following:+

The Standard Book of Spells (Grade 1) +

by Miranda Goshawk+

A History of Magic by Bathilda Bagshot1

Magical Theory by Adalbert Waffling8

A Beginner's Guide to Transfiguration by Emeric Switch1

One Thousand Magical Herbs and Fungi +

by Phyllida Spore17

Magical Drafts and Potions by Arsenius Jigger5

Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them 108

by Newt Scamander84

The Dark Forces: A Guide to Self-Protection 11

by Quentin Trimble6

OTHER EQUIPMENT+

1 wand 17

1 cauldron (pewter, standard size 2) 4

1 set glass or crystal phials +

1 telescope +

1 set brass scales2

Students may also bring and owl OR a cat OR a toad.180

PARENTS ARE REMINDED THAT FIRST YEARS ARE NOT ALLOWED THEIR OWN BROOMSTICKS"111

Harry finished reading the letter and he set it down on the table beside him. He looked to Rubeus Hagrid as if wondering what to do next. I had a million and one questions, but managed to keep my mouth shut for now.5

"Well, I'm sure s'been a long night fer yeh, n' it's gettin' late. Here that blanket there don't look very warm now does it? Here, kip under this," Rubeus Hagrid handed us his coat, which Harry and I easily fit under.9

Mr. Hagrid lay down on the couch, which collapsed underneath him, and was asleep in seconds, the Dursleys had all crawled into the bed at the other side of the room, and soon enough, Harry and I were asleep in front the crackling log fire.8

*7

I woke up the next morning on the hard floor beside Harry, refusing to open my eyes. I'd had the best dream, and the man with the flying motorcycle was there. He told Harry and I we were magic, that I was a witch and Harry was a wizard. He said that he was going to take us to a school called Hogwarts and that's who our letters were from. 22

I sighed. I slowly opened my eyes and stared at the ceiling, noticing we were under a different blanket, which Harry must've found while I was asleep. It was certainly much warmer than the other blanket Vernon had thrown at us the previous night.+

Suddenly, I heard Pig let out a loud snore and my head snapped in that direction. I saw Rubeus Hagrid sleeping on the couch. I nearly exploded with joy. My dream wasn't a dream.7

We all got up at only 6:00 and quietly tiptoed out, careful not to wake the Dursleys and get a very 'cheerful' goodbye.1

"Haha! See you later Dursleys!" I screamed, laughing.64

We paddled slowly to the shore, Mr Hagrid even offering to row for Harry and I. We climbed out of the boat. I wondered how the Dursley's were going to return to shore, and I laughed at the image in my head of the Dursley's swimming across the lake.19

"I'd 'preciate it if you didn't tell anyone 'bout this." Mr. Hagrid said.+

With that he pulled out a pink flowery umbrella and waved it once and the boat raced to the island, on which the Dursleys were.3

"Wow," I said awed, I really wanted to try that.+

"Mr. Hagrid, why can't we tell anyone about this?" Harry questioned. I completely ignored Harry, and immediately went for the umbrella.+

"Lemme try, lemme try," I was chanting whilst trying to grab the umbrella.38

"Melody!" Harry yelled in frustration.17

"I wanna try," I whined. 4

"No," said Harry5

"Yes," I said3

"No."9

"Yes."5

"No."4

"Yes."7

"You're not the boss of me," I said1

"I'm older than you," Harry said grinning.116

"By eight minutes!" I said angrily.87

"Could yeh two cu' it out," Rebeus Hagrid said, but with a smile on his face. "We gotta get going. We're going to be late."+

"Okay, Mr. Hagrid," I obeyed, scowling at Harry. "Lead the way."11

"Yeh two can just call me Hagrid, everyone does."11

"Okay, Hagrid."+

Hagrid walked off, and Harry and I followed behind in his shadow. Harry was still frowning at me, but I explained all I wanted was to try magic. Hagrid assured we would be able to do so soon enough, and so I calmed.+

*7

"Three tickets to London please," Hagrid said, having to bend down to look in the window.+

The next day Hagrid gave us our train tickets for the Hogwarts Express, which would take us straight to the school. Hagrid took us back to Number 4 Privet Drive to wait until September 1st, when we would catch the train.The Dursleys didn't pay any mind to Harry and I anymore. They didn't make us do anything; they didn't even really acknowledge our presence at all.1

Harry and I spent the rest of the summer mostly outside in the yard, walking down the streets, at the small park down the road, or in my basement. The summer flew by rather quickly, to my surprise and soon enough, it was already August 30th. 15

"Harry," I said to my brother.+

We were lying on the soft grass in the front yard, Harry with his eyes closed, and I with my nose buried in Newt Scamander's Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them. After learning about magic, I'd taken an immediate interest in what I discovered was called magizoology.50

"Yeah?" Harry replied, still lying down, but eyes open and looking up at the clouds.+

"How are we going to get to Kings Cross?" I asked. I kept the book propped up on my lap as I sat up straighter in fear of losing my page.5

Harry was quiet, and I watched as a boy about our age walked down the street to the park with his mother. He grinned as he passed by, offering a wave. I quickly put my book facedown in the grass, knowing already the importance of keeping the wizarding world a secret. He then continued on his way and continued his conversation with his mother about the start of school.150

"I guess we'll have to ask Vernon," Harry sighed. We were quite content in not having to converse with them.+

We got up of the soft comfort of the damp grass and walked into the house to the living room where the Dursleys were. They all sat on different sofas or chairs. Dudley was playing video games, Vernon was reading today's paper and Petunia was reading. I cleared my throat.+

"Vernon," I said.12

He looked up from his newspaper, surprised I'd spoken to him. He looked around the room as if to find another person named Vernon that I could be speaking to. After a moment he decided there was no one.11

"Yes?" He said, looking back down at his newspaper.1

"Could you drive Harry and me to Kings Cross tomorrow?" I asked politely, not wanting to ruin my chances.3

"Why on earth would you need to go to Kings Cross?" Vernon said, looking up once more.+

"To get to school."1

"Ah, yes. That ruddy magic school of yours. Well I suppose so, we're going to London tomorrow anyway."57

"Thanks," was all I said, before Harry and I went back to the front yard.5

*21

The Dursley's dropped us off without a word early the next morning. It was easy to tell neither of us would miss the other. Harry and I watched the Dursleys drive away from Kings Cross before we headed inside.+

I pulled out my ticket to see which train we were supposed to get on to get to Hogwarts. What I read, however, caused my eyebrows to furrow. I looked at the platforms and back down at my ticket.+

"Harry, there's no platform 9¾, is there?" I asked, reading the ticket.1

"9¾? No, why?"+

"It's what our tickets say."+

Harry looked at me with a questioning look, and I stuck the ticket in his face so he could see for himself. He grabbed it from me and read over the entire thing, before reaching in his pocket to read his own. I rolled my eyes.3

"What is this?" Harry said in confusion. "Maybe they've expanded since we were here last? We haven't been here in almost six years."5

We started walking and we couldn't find the platform. After giving up on finding it ourselves, I went up to a tall man in a suit and asked him if he knew where platform 9¾ was. +

"Is this some kind of joke? If you'll excuse me I'm in a hurry," he pushed past us and went the other direction.5

I gave Harry a worried look and looked at the clock. It was already 10:45. The train left at 11:00. I sighed. I glanced around once more as if hoping the platform had magically appeared.+

"Packed with muggles, as always. This way boys," I heard a voice say.58

I recognized the word muggle as being used by the magical community to refer to the non-magical community. Immediately I glanced to the source of the voice and saw a plump ginger woman leading four boys through the station with a younger girl on her arm. I soon noticed the also had an owl, which I had read was a popular pet in the wizarding world.8

"Harry," I said to my brother, "that woman with the red hair, she just said muggles. Look, they have an owl."+

"Well come on then," he said, bravely walking in her direction.8

We stopped when she stopped, between platforms nine and ten. She pointed to one of who I assumed were her sons, and then towards the barrier between nine and ten.+

"Go on then, you first George," I heard her say.+

"Mum, I'm Fred," laughed the boy. He looked a few years older than me, and behind him I noticed another boy who was identical to him. I knew instantly they were twins. 28

"Sorry Fred," his mom said quickly, glancing at the large clock on the wall.2

"Honestly woman, you call yourself our mother," they boy who called himself Fred laughed.37

He stepped in front of the barrier, and turned around once more. He waved his twin over and the twin walked over beside him. He started walking forwards and turned around again.+

"Just kidding I am George," he said and with that he ran forwards right through the barrier.7

My eyes widened in shock. I went up to the ginger family and approached the second twin, who was about to run after the first.20

"Er... Hi. Are you headed to Hogwarts?" I asked, just to be sure.2

"Yes, you?" He said.+

I nodded. "How to you get to the platform? I'm a first timer."+

"Run right into that barrier there. If you're nervous it's best to run, I usually do. First time at Hogwarts then?" he asked.3

"Yeah," I said in reply. +

"I'm going to run in, and you guys can just do what I do and follow me okay?" said the twin.+

"Got it," I said, turning my cart to face the barrier.39

The boy ran towards the barrier, and went right through, almost as if it wasn't there. My eyes widened in shock and I turned towards Harry.+

"Ladies first," he chuckled.39

I took off towards the pillar at a light run, and closed my eyes, waiting for the impact. When it didn't come, I opened my eyes again and saw I was on a crowded platform, with a big scarlet engine with the words Hogwarts Express written on the front.2

"Wow," I heard from behind me and I saw Harry standing there.+

"Hey! You! Er- You two, the ones with the red hair and the black hair!" I heard yelling and turned to see the two orange haired twins calling us over.6

When we stepped off the train the first thing I saw was the giant silhouette of Hagrid, standing by the lake. I grinned happily and ran to greet him, leaving Harry and Ron behind.  21

"Firs' years over here, firs' years," he was yelling over the chatter of the crowd.+

"Hey Hagrid," I said, Harry and Ron arriving behind me a few seconds later.+

"Well hello Lily, Harry," he said, giving us a hearty smile. "Are all the firs' years here? Good. We're going to be getting to Hogwarts from here by boat." He said, pointing to a row of boats by the edge of what I knew from my reading was the black lake. "Four to a boat."+

Harry, Ron, and a sandy haired boy and I piled into a boat as they started moving. We didn't sit quietly as most of the other students did. Harry, Ron and and the other boy, who's name we learned was Seamus, were daring each other to touch the water.3

Seamus leaned over the side of the boat to dip his arm elbow deep in the water, as I had dared him to with a smirk. The boat didn't like the shift in weight, and flipped. I glared at Seamus and shook the water from my now bright red hair, as we all tread water on the spot. +

"Thanks guys. Really. I was so excited to get absolutely soaked before our first time at the school," I muttered sarcastically.3

"It was your dare," Seamus argued.17

"I didn't say tip the boat!"+

I felt a giant slimy tentacle, as if from a squid or octopus, wrap around my waist before anyone said anything else. I had a moment of fear before I saw it lift up Harry, Ron, and Seamus, and turn the boat back over. The creature placed us back in the boat. That's when I realized everyone was watching us.12

"That's the gian' squid!" Hagrid laughed. "Nice little guy once yeh get ter know 'em." 10

"Little," I scoffed, looking at Harry, who had a look of disbelief on his face.50

The boats started moving again, and gliding silently across the smooth surface of the lake. When we got to about the middle of the lake you could see Hogwarts. I was amazed. I'd figured from the amount of students on the train, that the school would be big, but a castle? The castle stood tall and proud and I could see all the other first years gaping as well.+

We came to a rough stop at the shoreline, and we walked up towards the castle. We entered through a magnificent set of double doors. The room we stepped into was huge! You could've fit the Dursley's entire house into the room.6

A very stern looking woman entered the room, and silence came over the students. The woman was wearing an emerald robe that reached the floor, her hair was pulled up into a tight bun near the top of her head. A tall pointy black hat was perched on top of her head- it matches the ones on ours.21

"Settle down, settle down. My name is Professor McGonagall. Now, in a moment, I will lead you through these doors to be sorted. I will be back shortly," she said, walking into the other room, which even through the crack of the door I could tell was even larger than the one we stood in.1

"Well, well, well," said a snarky voice from in the crowd, "the Potters have come to Hogwarts." 40

A boy with gelled back blond hair pushed through the crowd. He had a sneer on his face already, and I turned away in hopes of ignoring him. It didn't work. He marched up to stop only feet in front of me and Harry.  1

"My name's Draco, Draco Malfoy."125

Ron snorted at this, and upon hearing it I did as well. Draco's steely grey eyes snapped in our direction, before they eyed us up and down. His gaze finally settled challengingly on Ron.+

"Think my names funny, huh?! What about you? Red hair, hand me down robes, you must be a Weasley."52

Ron ears turned as red as his hair, and he turned away. I immediately went into defense mode, even though I barely knew the redhead. I stepped in front of Ron, but Draco Malfoy paid no mind to that.+

"Don't make friends with the wrong people, I can help you with that," Draco held out his hand to Harry and I.8

"I think I can sort out the wrong sort myself," said Harry with hard eyes.6

I just looked at him weird, and high fived him... really hard may I add. The contact stung my hand as well, but I didn't let anyone know that. I just watched Draco in amusement.38

"Ow!" Draco practically whined. I snorted out loud.19

I smirked as I watched him tenderly cradle his pink hand in the other. He looked up at me and glared, but I could see the look of disbelief beneath his mask. A smaller boy that stood beside him immediately stepped in front of Draco like I had for Weasley a moment ago.2

"Shove off, Potter," he sneered.6

"Who're you?"8

"Nott. Now I said shove off."55

"Make me."11

Nott's fist was flying toward me before I even had time to think. When he struck my cheek, I became livid. Without a word, I struck him back, harder than he had me. Within only moments Nott and I were I a full out fist fight, already bruised and bloodied.156

"What is going on here?" McGonagall had entered the room again, and Theo and I were still fighting. I was growing a black eye and he a fat lip, and McGonagall looked furious. "I demand you both state your names immediately."2

"Theodore Nott," Nott muttered, glaring at me with loathing.14

"Lily Potter."5

"Well, Mr Nott, Ms Potter, you may have earned the record for earliest detention. Tomorrow night, my office," she said sternly. She turned from us and addressed the rest o f the students. "Please follow me."150

We walked in a single file line behind her and we entered a room about five times bigger than we were just in. I glanced at the enchanted ceiling I'd read about and marvelled at the stars. We walked up to the front, once we were at the front, we came out of the line, and bunched up.+

McGonagall sat a ragged old hat on a stool at the front of the Hall. I furrowed my eyebrows in confusion as to what this must have to do with the sorting ceremony, and why they couldn't get a nicer hat. To my great surprise, however, a rip near the brim of the hat opened and the hat began to sing.+

"Oh you may not think I'm pretty,But don't judge on what you see,I'll eat myself if you can findA smarter hat than me.+

You can keep your bowlers black,Your top hats sleek and tall,For I'm the Hogwarts Sorting HatAnd I can cap them all.7

There's nothing hidden in your headThe Sorting Hat can't see,So try me on and I will tell youWhere you ought to be.8

You might belong in Gryffindor,Where dwell the brave at heart,Their daring, nerve, and chivalrySet Gryffindors apart;49

You might belong in Hufflepuff,Where they are just and loyal,Those patient Hufflepuffs are trueAnd unafraid of toil;70

Or yet in wise old Ravenclaw,if you've a ready mind,Where those of wit and learning,Will always find their kind;94

I walked down the stone stairs of the girls dormitory in my muggle clothing, black converse in hand, into the green glow of the Slytherin common room, quietly padding across the smooth floor in my socks. I never went unnoticed, but I kept my head down to avoid meeting gazes as I left the common room.15

I stopped just outside of the common room and dropped my shoes, which landed with a thud, and echoed softly. I slid my feet into my shoes, before setting off. I was out to find the Gryffindor common room to meet the Weasley twins and Harry. I walked out of the Slytherin common room slowly, wondering where to go. I walked straight having no idea where to go.+

"Gryffindors, your common room is the Gryffindor Tower, and it's up on the seventh floor, behind the portrait of the Fat Lady, you will need a password to enter, and the password changes every week." I suddenly remembered hearing from earlier, when the prefects were showing us first years where to go.4

I found my way out of the dungeons, and continued from there. I set off to find the stairs, and failed miserably. After a while, it seemed I was walking in circles, and I ended up wandering around aimlessly. I sighed, looked around, and kept walking. I heard a loud crash behind me and my head snapped that way, hoping maybe to meet Peeves the Poltergeist.  I continued to walk, still looking behind me. All of a sudden I walked through something and it felt like I had walked under a freezing shower full of cobwebs. I looked up and spun around. I quickly pulled out my wand in shock when I looked and saw a ghost there, even though I didn't know any magic.+

I stared for a minute my mouth agape. Since Hagrid had come to the hut on the rock, I'd had to remind myself at least a hundred times that magic was, in fact, real. The ghost was starting to give me a strange look, raising one eyebrow, and waiting for me to speak. I figured I should say something, still in slight shock.+

"Who are you?" I asked, putting my wand back into my pocket.+

"Sir Nicholas de Mimsy-Porpington, but please, Nick," he said holding out his hand. 6

I didn't put out my hand for him to shake, as I already knew how it felt to go through a ghost. He put his hand back down a few seconds later, offering a quick apology. +

"So what house are you in?" he asked me, trying to break the now awkward atmosphere.+

"Slytherin," I replied. +

Nick frowned and shook his head slightly. I felt slightly offended, but soon after shook my head. I didn't like Slytherin either, why was I getting so upset about someone else not liking Slytherin?+

"Well what are you doing up here?" Nick asked, snapping me out of my thoughts. "The Slytherin common room is in the dungeons."+

"I know, but I'm going to the Gryffindor common room to visit my brother, Harry Potter," I explained, hoping to make him think maybe I wasn't all slimy Slytherin. +

"Harry Potter?! That must make you Melody Potter, it's an honour to meet you," Nick said, bowing slightly.2

"Please," I said with a small smile, "Lily." I smiled at him. A small smirk came over my face, I'd easily redeemed myself already.+

"Okay Lily. Would you like me to direct you to the Gryffindor common room?" He asked with a wave of his arm.+

"Yes please," I replied happily, walking quickly behind the pale ghost.+

"Follow me," he said, and I did so. He floated ahead of me and I ran to catch up.+

I walked silently through the halls behind who I heard a Gryffindor call "Nearly Headless Nick". I started to wonder what happened to Sir Nicholas that he had been 'nearly' beheaded. I cleared my throat.+

"Can I ask you a... personal question?" I asked cautiously.+

"You want to know how I died," Sir Nicholas said knowingly, not even stopping to glance at me.+

"Oh my God can this guy read minds too?" I quietly whispered to myself, whilst chuckling slightly.+

"Well I can't read minds, but many people have asked me before," Nick smiled, glancing at me for a moment. "I don't mind giving the story."+

"Oh yeah. I guess that makes a little more sense," I mused, furrowing my eyebrows slightly.+

"Err... Well back in October 1492, I was strolling in the park, when I met Lady Grieve, a lady-in-waiting at the court of King Henry VII. I was confident I could fix her crooked teeth when I accidentally made her grow a tusk. Now felt real bad and any man could've made the mistake, but I was sentenced to death. The axe was too dull and it took 45 hits to kill me," Nick shivered. "Even then my head was only partially severed."34

"Sheesh, that really sucks," I said feeling genuinely bad for the ghost but not knowing what to say.33

Nick chuckled at my words through the gruesome story. Seconds later he pointed ahead of us to a portrait of the Fat Lady. +

"This is the entrance to the Gryffindor common room, behind the portrait of the fat lady. I'm not supposed to tell anyone but the password is..." He looked around for a moment. "Caput Draconis."13

"Thanks Sir Nicholas!" I said waving goodbye.+

"No problems, anything for Lily Potter. Also, if you can't find your way back to the Slytherin common room, try to find me," He said smiling, "I'll stick around here until 9 even though your curfew is 8."+

"Will do Nick, see you around," I said with a smile and another wave.1

He waved and I turn to face to portrait of the fat lady which looked right back at me. The moving artwork in the castle still unnerved me slightly, but stood tall regardless. +

"Password?" The Fat Lady asked.2

"Caput Draconis," I said confidently, and the portrait swung open.18

I walked in and look around the common room. I was the same as the Slytherin common room but much brighter and softer. Though the cool atmosphere in the dungeons was to me of more comfort than the heat of Gryffindor tower.3

"Lily!" I heard Harry's voice carry across the room, and soon after, I noticed him running towards me.+

"Harry!" I said brightly. "Where are the twins? Well... the other twins. Y'know... The ones that aren't us."1

"Right here!" Said a  loud voice from behind me making me jump. I spun around to see two red headed boys standing behind me.+

"Hey," I chuckled in greeting.+

"Hey" says Fred... well I think it's Fred.6

"Well we'd better get started" said... George?+

I tapped my foot impatiently on the floor and wiped my sweaty palms on my jeans. +

"So you gunna tell us how to do it or not?" I asked the Weasley after our 20 minute conversation about all the times they has pranked Filch the caretaker. They were now just sitting silently and smiling at the memory. 1

I'd figured out who was who by now of course. It was a feat on my part, I thought. Judging by King's cross, not even their mother could tell them apart. The twins snapped out of their happy memories of pranking, and George shot me an annoyed look, but they nodded.+

"Well..." said Fred+

"First of all," said George+

"You have to be able to read each other," they said together.+

I snorted. I glanced at Harry, who was looking at the Weasley twins as if they had each grown a second head. Fred and George seemed oblivious of how ridiculous they sounded, and it made it all the more funny.+

"You guys sound like two marriage counselors," I muttered, shifting in the heat in front of the fire. "In order to save you marriage, you must be able to read each other."1

"Shut up and do it," said George, biting back a smile.10

"Whatever," I rolled my eyes, deciding to go along with their shenanigan for the laugh. "I can read his emotions. Right now, he's really annoyed at how me because he would rather be elsewhere."+

Harry shot me a glare. I had made that up, of course, but apparently I was spot on according to the blush creeping up Harry's face. I smirked at him and waved it off. The twins, unoffended, grinned.7

"That's really good," said Fred looking genuinely impressed.+

"Yeah, that took us a while to learn," said George.+

I looked at them quizzically, and in disbelief. They were the most connected twins I'd ever met, besides Harry and myself. But when a smirk began to grow on each of their faces, I shook my head with a grin.+

"SIKE!!!" They yelled.46

I glared jokingly and laughed. Harry rolled his eyes again, but was now wearing a smile on his face. He leaned back against one of the couches, and it looked like he was becoming more comfortable in the situation. He pulled his iPod out of his pocket and checked the time.7

"Woah what is that," Fred asked in amazement, snatching Harry's iPod out of his hand and staring at it in amazement. He tried, unsuccessfully, to get the screen to come on again.4

"That's another story for another time," I replied for Harry, grabbing the iPod from Fred and handing it back to Harry. "Muggle device."1

"Well, you've basically got it. If you can just learn to kind of... read his thoughts then you could probably do it already," said George, going back to the topic at hand.+

"Okay," said Harry, still wanting to go lie down and probably play games on his iPod.5

"Well..." egged Fred.+

"What?" I questioned, raising one eyebrow and sending Fred a questing look.+

"Try it!" The pair yelled.+

"I'd rather not," I said, having been taken Fred and George's entire 'lesson' as a joke.+

"I would like to go lie down however," Harry added, glancing toward the staircase to his dormitory.+

"Can we be going?" Harry and I , completely coincidentally, said in unison. I grinned.+

Fred and George looked really impressed, and they shot each other glances. They continued to look at one and other, and then back at us. George let out a defeated sigh.4

"To get it to flow that well and say it at the exact same time took us a week!" Fred said seriously, as if they had practiced it when they were young.+

"Well we're just better than you," I said, causing Harry to chuckle and throw me a high five.+

"Do you guys have twin telepathy?" George said, laughing at his own joke.+

"Yes," Harry and I said in all seriousness.4

The twins looked to be in disbelief once again. They sat, mouths agape, staring at the two of us incredulously. They sat like that for a couple minutes, before I broke the silence.3

"You guys are gonna catch flies," I said, smirking. "But is that not normal?"4

George shook his head, as if snapping out of a trance. Then a curious, crazy look came over his face. Not answering my question, he began to speak.4

"That is so awesome! Can you actually read each other's minds? Fred and I've always wanted to be able to do that. Did you develop it or was it natural? Can you teach us? How does it work? When did you first do it? If it's natural do you think there's a charm to let me and Fred do it? How often have you been doing this? Hey! Did you cheat to be able to do the talking at the same time twin thing that doesn't have a name?" George ranted on and on.4

"George!" I screamed to get his attention.5

"Huh?"+

"Yes we can read each other's minds. Yes it was natural so it's not possible to teach you unless you were born with it. It works by...er... just kinda thinking about something I want to say to Harry and he hears in his head kinda. It's hard to explain. We've been doing it as long as I can remember, but I always thought I was imagining it, not knowing about magic and all. I don't know if there's a charm to make you guys able to do it, I just learned about magic, what, a month ago? No we did not cheat to do the 'talking at the same time twin thing that doesn't have a name.'" I said, answering all of George's questions in one breath. "And I'll ask again, is it not normal?"6

George looked slightly disappointed. I looked at Harry and we quickly asked George how many times he'd pranked the headmaster, to get his mind off the twin telepathy thing.  A huge grin suddenly spread across George's face, as he and Fred started telling us the tales of their pranks against Dumbledore.3

I sat and listened intently to their hilarious pranks against Dumbledore, and even Harry seemed anxious to try at least one of these pranks, or maybe a new prank. I smirked just thinking about all the pranks we could pull. The time flew, and when I looked at the clock I was surprised to see it was already 9:30.+

"Oh, my god! It's way past my curfew! I'm gonna get caught dammit! Okay I gotta go guys I don't wanna get in trouble before classes even start."24

I looked over to Harry, who walked over and gave me a hug. When he let go, I jokingly gave a disgusted face and shivered.+

"Shut up," Harry said, with a playful glare.10

"Woah there, Harry. I didn't even say anything," I laughed.+

Harry was silent for a minute. "It was implied," he decided.+

"Whatever, Harry. See you tomorrow."+

"Goodnight," we said together.+

We looked at each other laughed, glancing at the twins behind us.+

I was taking that whole thing as a joke. You think we should let them keep on believing they taught us?4

I reckon so, Harry replied in my head, a grin coming over his face.+

We fell silent, standing in front of the portrait hole. Fred and George had waved goodnight, and had headed up to their dormitory. The common room was quiet, the sound of a crackling fire echoing taking up the silence.+

"Well," I looked at Harry sadly, "I'll meet you here tomorrow at around 9 am."5

"Bright and early," said Harry.+

I hugged him again, and walked towards the door. I walked out and tried to back track my steps to the dungeons, but I got lost again. I sighed and decided to look for Nick. I'd only taken a few steps, when I heard a noise. I looked to my left to see a cat with bright yellow eyes looking directly at me. It meowed, and slunk back around the corner. I frowned, and continued to walk.2

"Hey you!" I turned around at the scratchy voice, and turned to an old man with thinning grey hair.+

"What are you doing out after curfew! Ten points from..." the man seemed confused, looking at my muggle clothes. I stared at him in confusion, and he snarled in anger and looked back at me. "Well what house are you in?!"3

I smirked inwardly. "Gryffindor."265

"Ten points from Gryffindor!" he yelled.32

"Yes sir," I said, walking in the opposite direction in which I'd come.+

To my surprise and happiness, I quickly found the dungeons, and the entrance to the Slytherin common room after that. I yawned, whispered the password and stepped in.2

I walked into my common room and I went to flop down on the couch but stopped when I realized a boy was already there. So instead I awkwardly sit down on the other side of the couch. The boy was the one that looked familiar to me, and I knew his name from the sorting to be Neil Walter. I didn't dare mention it to him.2

I studied him intently from my own side of the couch. Neil had short brown hair and brown eyes to match. He looked to be about the same height as me which is around 4'4''. He looked over and caught my eye, and he smiled.114

"Hey," he greeted.+

"Hi," I said, slightly embarrassed to be caught staring. 1

"Neil. Neil Walter," he held out his hand for me to shake.4

"Melody Potter. But don't call me Melody, I go by Lily," I said shaking his hand.1

Neil chuckled. "So you're the famous Melody Lily Potter."+

"In the flesh," I said smirking.14

He laughed and we talked for a bit, getting to know each other. The itching sense of familiarity was ever present, and yet I still hadn't figured out where I knew Neil Walter from. Maybe he only looked like someone I knew? Maybe even someone from one of Dudley's TV shows.8

"So, where is the famous Lily Potter from?" Neil asked with a smile.+

"Little Whinging, Surrey," I said with a shrug. +

"Wait Little Whinging?" Neil said, his curiosity peaking. He sat forward in interest.9

"Er... Yeah, why?" I said, slightly nervous.+

"I live in Little Whinging!" Neil exclaimed happily.+

"Really where so?" I asked, hoping to finally have a friend for the summer.+

Not that Harry wasn't enough, but I could use another friend to spend time with, alongside Harry, in the summer. Though I wasn't sure how we'd get back and forth. Vernon would never drive us.+

"Privet Drive, 9," he said excitedly.+

"Privet Drive?! I live on 4 Privet Drive!" I said happily.+

Of course. I'd seen Neil passing by on the streets with his mother sometimes. I'd seen him shortly before we'd left for Hogwarts. He was the one I'd felt compelled to hide my copy of Fantastic Beasts from.5

"You live in a muggle town?" I asked him curiously.+

"Yeah," he shrugged. "I'm half-blood which is why I'm really surprised I got sorted into Slytherin. I've got a witch mother and a muggle father."14

"I'm a half blood as well,"I said remembering what Hagrid had told us. "Muggleborn mother and pureblood father."30

He nodded. "Hey, we should hang out next summer. I haven't really got any friends back home. No other magic folk live around where we do."2

"Thanks, Captain Obvious," I chuckled, and he gave me a light punch in the arm.9

While we continued to talk, a girl walked down the stairs from the girls dormitory. She had long wavy black hair and bright blue eyes that really stand out against her black hair. The movement caught my immediate attention.2

"You guys wanna quiet down a bit?!" She growled, but looked wide awake. She smirked and sat down beside us. "Name's Sadie. Sadie Bennett."36

"Neil Walter."+

"Lily Potter."10

"Potter?" she asked curiously, her eyes flickering towards my forehead, where my scar was hidden beneath my bangs.+

"Yep," I said, smirking. "The better one."41

"Nice to meet you," she said with a chuckle. We shook hands. "Hey not to be annoying or anything but can I see your scar?"+

I laughed. "It's not annoying, I don't mind."1

I swept my long red bangs away from my hazel eyes, and Sadie looked at my scar intently. I cocked an eyebrow.2

"Interesting," she mused. "Nah, that's really cool." +

I laughed again. The three of us chatted for a while about our house, what we want to do first at Hogwarts stuff like that. We also learn that Sadie is a pure blood witch and a cousin of the Malfoys, who I learned had a very bad reputation among Gryffindors and all them, but a really good reputation among us Slytherins.21

"Draco Malfoy?" I asked, recognizing the name.+

"Yeah, Draco. Why?" Sadie said, frowning slightly.+

"Er, I may have high fived him really hard when he tried to tell me what to do," I said, biting back a laugh. "He was annoying me."+

"Merlin's beard you slapped him?!" Sadie laughed, eyes glancing at the boys dormitory stairs.5

"Well I slapped him on the hand but I guess technically yeah," I chuckled. "He deserved it, trust me."4

We all laughed and joked around and bullying each other gently. I laughed harder when Neil made a joke about Sadie and she pushed him off the couch. He landed with a thud, and I could've sworn I heard a shift coming from the dormitories.+

"I'm going to bed," said Sadie at about 10:30. 6

She stood up, and looked at me expectantly. Slightly tired, I stood up with Sadie. +

"I'm with Sadie, see you tomorrow, Neil," I said, waving.+

"I'm probably gonna head up too," Neil said. "Night guys."56

I walked up the stairs towards the girl's dormitory alongside Sadie. I changed into one of Pig's huge hand me down shirts and a pair of my sleep shorts. The Dursley's had bought me clothes but not Harry because, first-of-all I was able to manipulatively get my way with them, second-of-all Petunia thought I needed girl clothes presumably to keep her reputation up, third-of-all though Harry was small, I was smaller and if I tried to wear Pig's pants or shorts, they fell off.31

I walked over to my bed by the window and sat. My owl sat quietly in a cage beside the window. I opened the cage door and the small owl jumped out and onto my hand. I chuckled quietly.2

"What'cha got there?" asked Sadie, sneaking up behind me and surprising me, putting me into immediate defense mode. 1

"What?" I said surprised, still ready to strike, one hand balled up in a fist. I was a reaction I'd gotten after living with Dudley for a whole decade.+

"Chill, Lily," Sadie laughed quietly, putting her hands up in surrender.+

"Sorry, to your question, it's an owl," I whispered back. I watched the owl, about the size of a robin, hop onto the bed and jump around.+

"That thing's tiny!" Sadie exclaimed. "How's it going to carry mail?"+

"The species of owl is only in the magical world," I said, remembering what I'd read on Azorian owls over the summer. "They're really rare and they're extremely fast, smart and strong."10

I hopped off the bed and reached under the bed. I pulled out a small rope with a tiny handle at the top.+

"This handle hook's on to her feet," I said holding up the tiny handle, "These six ropes tie around whatever package she's carrying. They're enchanted to hold anything no matter how heavy and expand to perfectly fit whatever Stripes is carrying."3

"Woah," said Sadie. "But why did you name her stripes?" 26

Sadie's eyes travelled over the spots dotting over the owl's wings. I shrugged and picked up the tiny owl. I set her in the cage once again, and let the door click shut. I moved to sit back on my bed.+

"Night," said Sadie walking to the bed next to mine, and lying down.+

"Night," I said.+

Harry? You there? I think to Harry using our telepathy powers, knowing iPods won't work here. 26

Yeah. Why aren't you sleeping? He asked.5

Why aren't you sleeping? I retort. Just wanted to say goodnight. Go to sleep!7

Okay. Night Lils.5

Night Harry.14

I sit in bed and look around. One girl with light hair snored softly, but not enough to be a disturbance. I observeed the four other girls in the room, and notice one other girl sitting up and glaring right at me.12

"You know Potter," she said, catching my gaze, "you should've got sorted into Gryffindor with your stupid brother," she paused. "No, you'd be a better Hufflepuff. That is, if you're good enough to even stay in Hogwarts."29

This was the girl who had pushed me during the ceremony; Millicent Bulstrode. With no Professors, and no crowd of 1000, I was more confident. I stood and walked to where she sat, hard eyes staring each other down. 8

"Don't you ever talk bad about my brother!" I spat in her face, ignoring all her bad talk about me, and caring only for Harry.4

"Just because you're one of the chosen one's doesn't give you the right to talk to me like that!" she says, pointing a fat finger in my face.28

I glared at her and become slightly aware of the other girls now awake and watching, and Stripes squawking loudly. I wasn't going to be the next one to speak, nor was I going to be the first one to back down from the locked glares we had. It was a personal victory for me when Bulstrode did.+

"I'm sorry, am I being too mother like? 'Don't you talk to me like that, young lady'." she laughed. "Of course, you wouldn't know, would you?"42

I stepped forward and pointed my wand towards her face, even though I didn't know any magic yet. All the girls gasped. I smirked lightly at the barely noticable look of fear that had begun to creep up a wandless Bulstrode's face.1

"Lily we have to go," said Sadie whispered urgently, grabbing my arm. "Come on, now."+

Confusedly, I followed behind Sadie, wondering one thing, +

What happened?15

"What happened?!" I asked in annoyance, glaring past Sadie, who'd dragged me into the bathroom, and through the open doorway at Bulstrode.1

"Your eyes were red!" she whisper yells, throwing her arms in the air and nearly hitting Stripes, who was flying in through the open doorway.29

I bring my attention away from Bulstrode, and back to Sadie. "And?"+

"Your eyes were red," she repeated, an agitated look coming over her when my attention moved to Bulstrode though the doorway once again. "And you can't just go hexing everyone who annoys you. Especially your own housemates."+

"Yeah, I heard you the first time and I'm still wondering why it matters," I said, ignoring the second part.+

"Because usually peoples eyes don't change colour unless-"+

"Unless they're a metamorphmagus," I said, cutting off the rest of her sentence. "So that's me, Melody Lily Potter, the metamorphmagus."24

"And chosen one," Sadie chuckled, rolling her eyes. 10

"Well that too," I laughed, but throwing another glare through the open door.+

Suddenly Sydney Marshall walks in tho the bathroom, and letting the door shut behind her. She was the one that had befriended me at the opening feast. With the door shut, my attention was then fully on Sadie and Sydney. Sydney's long wavy brown hair bounced as she walked and her eyes, which I quickly noticed to be two different shades of brown, were lit up with joy. 4

"Did you see the look on Bulstrode's face?!" Sydney asked laughing "she looked like she was going to cry!"+

We all laughed, the sound echoing throughout the room. I could have sworn I heard a growl from the other side of the door. I wondered how our other dorm mate, Tracey Davis, was handling the troll.10

"We should go back to bed so we're not tired for our first class," said Sadie.5

Sydney and I both agree and we go to the dormitory. In the doorway between the dormitory and the bathroom, I stop, pat my shoulder and whistle. Stripes darted into the air, shook, and sped to my shoulder, landing softly. Without regarding Bulstrode once, I went to sleep.2

*6

Sadie, Neil, Sydney and I walked into the transfiguration classroom and sat down. This morning my owl wouldn't shut up. Anytime I tried to leave it would squawk loudly. So I let her out to fly around which she did. She flew to the classroom and once I sat she'd flown in and out. 3

The Professor wasn't there yet, just a grey cat sitting on her desk. I wondered if she was going to transfigure it. It was five minutes passed the start of class and the Professor wasn't there yet, neither was Harry, worrying me slightly.+

Harry? I called to my brother in my head. Where are you? You're going be late to your very first class.+

Thanks Lily I needed another reminder of that. Ron and I are lost.+

Ron? The Ron from the train?+

Yes, yes, now shut up so I can think and find the class.+

Just ask the first person you see.2

There was a bit of a break in our conversation, and I waited a couple minutes before hearing Harry's voice in my head once again.3

Okay we did it. We're running your way now.+

I chuckled slightly, and discreetly. See you soon then, loser.+

Only minutes later, Harry and Ron ran in out of breath. They were late, and it didn't go unnoticed by our laughing classmates. Ron leaned over and rested his hands on his knees, trying to regain his breath.+

"Thank Merlin the Professor isn't here yet." Ron panted, standing upright again, glancing around for an empty desk for Harry and himself.+

The cat jumped off the desk and quickly changed into the Professor. I laughed, looking at the shocked and guilty faces on the boys, and then to the stern face of the animagus, who was Professor McGonagall. Ron paled considerably.+

"You're late," said Professor McGonagall. "Maybe I should transfigure one of you into a watch so at least one of you will be on time?"11

I laughed, and Sydney's laughter followed soon after, making Harry shoot me a glare. Realizing what he'd done, he quickly turned back to McGonagall. Her lips were pressed into a thin line.+

"No P-Professor we g-got lost," Ron stuttered. +

I rolled my eyes, as I watched the redhead fearing the teacher. 3

"Well then how about a map?" Asked the Professor, causing me and Sydney to burst out in laughter once again. It went undisciplined by the Professor. "Take your seats."26

The boys scurried over to an empty desk and quickly sat down. The rest of the lesson was boring, to the point where Sydney and I played hangman on a scrap piece of paper. All we did was learn about what transfiguration was and what we'd be doing throughout the year. I was hoping we'd be starting today. Hermione, though paying close attention, seemed to be thinking the same. She'd nod knowingly at nearly everything McGonagall said, brown eyes sparkling brightly. 9

I itched for the class to be over, and to talk to the Professor about something I did once at the Dursley's. I knew now about accidental magic, and thought I might have performed some back when I was younger. Finally the end of class came but instead of exiting the classroom I walked up to the Professor so did Sydney. Neil, Sadie, and Harry gave us weird looks but I waved them away.+

You okay?3

Yeah fine, I just need to talk to the professor quickly. I think I did some accidental magic with transfiguration back at the Dursley's.+

Alright. See you soon?+

For sure.+

"Do you need something Ms. Potter, Ms. Marshall?" The Professor McGonagall asked us. "You have class."+

"Yes, how did you do that thing where you changed into.... You, from a cat?" I asked, glancing at the clock and knowing Sydney and I would both be late for Herbology.+

"That's what I was going to ask!" Sydney exclaimed.+

I looked at her weirdly, but laughed slightly. I was glad she was there, though. I wasn't sure if the accidental magic I had performed could get me in trouble.  +

"Great minds think alike," I chuckled, before turning back to the professor.+

"I'm what they call an animagus," McGonagall said, eyeing the clock as well.3

"Yes, I know, but how? Because I've done it once before and I can't figure out how to do it intentionally," I said, shifting my feet.18

"I second that," Sydney muttered, causing a bit of awkwardness to form in the air. I shook it off. +

"You've changed into an animal before?" She asked Sydney and me, with alarm in her voice.4

"Yes," Sydney and I said simultaneously.+

"Which animal?" +

"A black panther," I say, remembering how much trouble I got in when I was only nine, for having such a 'ridiculous dream'.139

"Fox," says Sydney, with a small smirk. "Mum doesn't know."21

"Well I'll show you how," she said reluctantly. "But after classes! It's your first day at Hogwarts, I don't want you missing classes."2

"But professor all we're going to do is learn what we're going to learn, and we won't be able to focus if we're just watching the clock and waiting for the end of classes," Sydney said, and out of the corner of my eye, I saw her bite her cheek to hold back a sly smirk.1

"Yes, Professor. Plus, I've read all the textbooks through already. I'm very familiar with all of our classes. They're much more interesting than my muggle classes."+

"No, you must go to your classes and that's final. No more of that sly Slytherin persuasion. It has never worked on me. Go on. I believe you have Herbology with the Ravenclaws?" 16

"Yes, Professor McGonagall," I sighed.+

"Well you'd better hurry there then, you're already late. I'll see you two after classes."+

Sydney and I, still itching for the end of classes, were cheered slightly by the fact that we were now going to see "our favourite Gryffies" in potions.13

We headed towards the dungeons, but not before stopping to pull a quick prank on a lost Hufflepuff, and sending them into a seventh year defence class.25

The Hufflepuff had walked out of the class looking quite terrified, causing a good laugh on mine and Sydney's part, but we soon set the ever trusting Hufflepuff out on the right path.+

Now late for class, we ran off to find the potions room, where we were sure to get chastised by the "evil bat of a potions master".8

We quickly found our potions class, and we hurried in, taking the last two available seats beside Sadie and Draco Malfoy.6

I slid into the seat beside Sadie, and pulled out my potions books, parchment, and ink and quill, before shooting the Professor an innocent look.+

"Where were you?" Sadie hissed.+

"That's for me to know and you to find out," I said smirking. My eyes flashed a dark orange as I said it. Sadie rolled her eyes and I shrugged and looked up at the Professor. He looked up from whatever he was looking and looked over our class once and glared at Harry. Then he looked over at me and a look of surprise came over his face. He quickly recovered and looked back at my brother, and speaking.71

"Mr. Potter," he drawled. "Our new celebrity."5

"Hey!" I yelled not caring for the trouble that was sure to follow. "What am I a peice of raw meat?"103

I heard Sydney give a snort of laughter behind me. The Professor glanced at me and quickly looked away, causing me to raise one eyebrow.48

"Ms. Potter," was all he said whilst glaring at Harry.1

I huffed, and all the attention was soon brought back to Harry.+

Snape asked Harry a series of questions that Harry didn't know any of the answers to and the whole time I was laughing my head off. I got a whole lot of weird looks but all I did was glare at them, and continue to laugh.19

"Melody!" Harry finally yelled in annoyance turning around and shooting me a look.1

I shot Harry a quick glare. "Don't call me Melody."28

Harry turned back to the front, where Snape was also glaring at him, his glare full of hatred.1

"Five points from Gryffindor for yelling out in my class."+

I laughed along with most of the Slytherins and smirked at Harry. He glared back at me again.+

What's wrong with you? He thought to me angrily.+

Ah, nothing. Just Slytherin-ing.23

Slytherin-ing? You know that makes no sense whatsoever right?+

Uhh duh. I smirked at him when he turned around to look at me.+

You are not normal.5

And?1

Oh just thought you should know. Harry looked at me and it was his turn to smirk.1

"Mr. Potter!" Snape was hovering over Harry's desk glaring, once again. "Face the front."1

Stop getting in trouble Harry! I teased.+

Shut up Melody. Harry said to me in his head.2

Pardon? You didn't go there.+

Oh but I did.3

You. Will. Regret. That.+

Will I?+

Harry, look what Bertram did! 13

Harry quickly turned to face the back of the classroom to look at Bertram.+

"Professor! Harry's not facing the front!" I snickered.83

"Mr. Potter!" Snape yelled, "Ten points from Gryffindor."5

Told you you'd regret it. I said to Harry.50

"You may start now," said Snape. "Instructions are on the board." +

I looked up on the board and sure enough there were instructions on how to make the cure for boils potion.+

I paired up with Sadie, Sydney Paired up with Draco Malfoy and Neil Glared at us and went to pair up with Thedore Nott. 3

"Wait what are we doing?" I asked Sadie.+

"Weren't you listening?" she asked.+

"Uhhh..I may or may not have been talking to Harry the whole time. Even if I wasn't I probably wouldn't have listened."1

"Harry's two seats ahead of us."+

"Heh, yeah about that, we have twin telepathy."2

Sadie sat mouth agape.2

"You gunna tell me what we're doing or not?" I challenged.45

Sadie recovered quickly and explained what we were supposed to be doing. +

We made the potion and in my opinion it was amazing. I loved potions already. I went up to Snape's desk and placed the potion on his desk proudly, wearing a smirk.1

"Very good Ms. Potter," he said eyeing me curiously.44

"Okay, why is it that every time you look at me you look so surprised?!" I whisper yelled in annoyance.40

"See me in here after classes Ms. Potter." He said monotonously.174

Uh oh. Did I just win myself a detention with Snape? But he never took points away from Slytherins let alone detention. 6

I groaned audibly, before I walked back over to Sadie and sat down. She looked at me suspiciously.+

"What happened?" she asked.+

"I have no idea what you're talking about," I replied miserably.+

"You were up there for a long time and you seemed to be having a lovely conversation with Snape."4

"Nah, he was just being Snape if you know what I mean," I sneered up at Snape again.1

"Really Lily what happened?"+

"Okay, okay. I might be the first Slytherin in the history of time to win a detention with Snape," I admitted.35

She just looked at me shocked. I miserably rested my elbow on the desk, putting my cheek on my fist. +

"At least you've made history." 26

I laughed and the last bell rang. I looked at Sydney and grins broke over our faces. We jumped up and darted toward the transfiguration classroom.8

*4

Sydney and I walked out of the Transfiguration classroom wearing smirks. We had just learned we were natural animagi and I could transfigure into a panther, and Sydney a fox. 66

While we headed back to the Slytherin common rooms, annoying little Hufflepuffs were trying to talk to the famous Melody Potter. In annoyance, when they came near me I turned my eyes a glowing yellow and they scampered off in fear. Sydney looked at me in thanks.21

We quickly entered the common room and collapsed on the couch, which apparently, Draco and Theo were already sitting on.54

"Erm, sorry," Sydney laughed, and we dashed up to our dormitory.4

I walked slowly out of the Gryffindor common room where I'd stopped to visit the Gryffies, and down towards the potions classroom, taking as much time as I could, dragging my feet across the ground and stumbling every once in a while.4

My small owl flew beside me. The whole school knew her by now, including the teachers. She flew around the castle all day while I was in class. Otherwise, she followed me, or sat on my shoulder. Word had gotten round that she was my owl, and her name was Stripes. Word got out fast around here.11

"Lily! Wait up!" I turned to find Sadie running towards me.1

"Hey, what's up?" I asked curiously, thankful for the delay.+

"Nothing, I just wanted to walk you to your doom. Also I have to go this way anyway," she said, as we walked down the stairs from Gryffindor tower.16

"Where you headed?" +

"Detention as well. First day of classes and detention for me too."+

"Really? With who?"+

"Quirrell. He got me for hexing a Hufflepuff in the halls."49

I snorted. "I wish I could say I was sorry."1

"I do too." +

"We should snoop around the castle after," I said, changing the subject.+

"Er- I probably won't be able to actually I have a ton of homework," Saide said.8

"It's fine," I said as we neared the dungeons. "I guess this is where we split. See you later then."1

"Alright, see you."9

I continued my walk down into the dungeons slowly as possible. The temperature slowly dropped to the cool air I liked, and I sighed in content. I arrived at the door to the potions classroom and I knocked twice on the dark wooden door. The door swung open and I cautiously walked into the empty classroom which probably held doom.6

"Professor?" I called, searching around for the potions master.+

He came out from a back door and for once kept his mask on, so no surprised looks for once. Good. It was starting to get really awkward and weird.18

"Ms. Potter, take a seat," he drawls in his usual monotone voice.+

"What do I have to do?" I ask with a groan.3

"I beg your pardon?"+

"Well this is detention right?"+

"No."+

"See that's... wait what?" The unexpected statement hit me in the face like a brick. "So I'm not here to stub the floors clean with a toothbrush?"14

"I wanted to answer your question Ms. Potter. Why I always look... Er-surprised when I see you," Snape says slowly, and with a scowl drawn across his face.66

"Well..... okay," I say slowly the awkwardness in the air was slightly unnerving. I shuffled my feet across the floor and refused to meet the professors dark eyes.+

"Now the reason I always look surprised when I see you is you're a carbon copy of your mother. Except for you're eyes. You have his eyes," he said. 98

I noticed instantly the hatred filled look that came over Snape when he mentioned my father, and I instantly knew we wouldn't be getting along too well. I would be loyal to my family no matter what. If Snape treating Harry like he did was bad, this is where I knew a line would be crossed.6

I decided to ignore it for the given moment and go back to the topic at hand.+

"Yeah I know, I'm told a lot," I brag slightly.+

"Your mother and I, were very good friends," he said slowly. 101

I thought about him and my mother just hanging out by the black lake. It didn't work. I thought harder and an image of the two popped up in my head. Kid Snape and Kid Mom were sitting by the black lake just hanging out. I actually started to feel nauseous.2

"So if I did this," I made my hair black. "Then what?"+

"How-"+

"Metomorphmagus," I'd cut him off.+

"I don't know. You still look like her. You are your mother's daughter."12

I shifted my hair back to the dark red it had always been, and turned back to the Professor.+

"Well I er... how come you seem to dislike Harry so much?" I asked, nearly sure I knew the answer already.+

"Same thing but opposite. Your father and I were arch enemies," he said looking slightly guilty. "Harry is the carbon copy of your father."13

My dislike towards Snape was now leaning towards hatred, and I forced my eyes to stay the hazel they were, rather than bright red.22

"Alright," I said, biting back the snap that tried to lace its way into my voice.+

"Sure," he said, "Melody..."3

"Lily," I growled, shooting a glare.3

"Lily," he repeated. He opened his mouth to speak but he met my eyes and shook his head. 36

I raised an eyebrow and huffed slightly. The room was silent for a while, and I stood there hiding my awkwardness and anger.+

"Is that all then?" I asked.+

"Yes Lily, that's all."3

"Alrighty then!" I said happily. "I've gotta go to I don't know where but probably to see Harry but I have to go to the Gryffindor tower to do that and there's so many Gryffindors there and they're so Gryffindor-y," I said, suddenly very hyper at the thought of going to see my brother and the Weasley twins.20

I could've sworn I'd heard Snape chuckle.135

"Okay, Lily," I heard him whisper.66

I dashed out of the potions classroom and shook my head. I started my journey back to the Gryffindor common room, replaying the awkward situation over in my head, when I noticed it was really quiet.+

I groaned and headed back to the potions classroom to retrieve my small owl.+

"I believe you forgot something," Snape said when I entered the room, gesturing to the owl on his desk.+

"Yeah thanks, word get's round fast. Everyone knows she's mine," I smiled falsely.5

Snape smiled! What has the world come to!206

"That's true. See you tomorrow," he looked at me with mock sternness. "Don't be late for potions again."+

"Damn, I'll try not to," I called as I walked out with Stripes on my shoulder.+

"And no cussing in front of teachers!"86

"Yes sir," I call.15

I ran. Yes Snape was nice, but the situation was way too weird. I couldn't have him liking me, especially when he hated my father so much.90

As I walked I decided next time I went in, I'd use my metomorphmagus powers to shift some of my features to look more like my fathers. That was bound to work. I smirked at the plan that had formulated.36

I knew I had to talk to Harry about all this. I sped up slightly, running up at least 6 flights of staircases. Man, they really needed elevators in this place, even though the whole wizarding world was old fashioned. I felt like I was walking for hours when finally I realized there was only one more staircase until I reached the Gryffindor common room.9

"Finally!" I exclaimed and took off in a run towards the common room.+

I skipped up to the Gryffindor common room at stopped at the portrait of the fat lady. I then realized I didn't know the password to get in. So I did the first thing I could think of, knock. I rapped my knuckles against the portrait.7

"Ouch!" Yelled the fat lady. "What on earth are you doing?!"+

Sydney and Sadie were laughing like crazy behind me. When did they get there?+

"Sorry," I muttered then smirked.+

She glared at me and I just rolled my eyes, and going though a quick glaring contest with the portrait.+

"Password?" she asked, giving up.+

I stand there flabbergasted. I raked my memory for the password Nick had told me, but I only remembered faintly.+

"Cupit Darconus?" I tried.4

"That's not how you pronounce it," she stated as if, everyone should know it.+

"I was supposed to know that how?" I sneered.+

"Well if you want to get in here, you should know the password."+

Suddenly I realized that the portrait probably thought a bunch of clueless first year Gryffindors, had forgotten the password into the common room.+

"I'm Slytherin," I say, now proudly, puffing out my chest to show my insignia.2

"THERE'S A SLYTHERIN TRYING TO GET INTO THE GRYFFINDOR COMMON ROOM!!!!" Screeched the Fat Lady, causing me to cover my ears.+

"Caput Draconis."8

I turned around to the one and only Fred Weasley. I sighed in relief as the portrait swung open.+

"Fred!" I said happily.3

"I'm George."4

"Yeah, no. I know the difference between the two of you."35

"What? How?"2

I walk up to him and stand on my tip toes to whisper in his ear. "I'm not telling."53

I stepped back to watch the dumbfounded look come over Fred's face, and I laughed.9

"Come in," he says, shaking his head, and smiling slightly.+

"You're letting a Slytherin in?" Asked the Fat Lady, obviously not happy.+

"Yup," says Fred and closes the door behind the four of us.2

"Lily!" I hear Harry yell and I run up and hug him.+

"Hey Harr Bear," I say smirking.19

"I thought we agreed you wouldn't call me that," he said in embarrassment as Sydney, Sadie, Fred and George lauged hysterically.+

"I never agreed."+

"Yeah you did!"+

"Nuh-uh," I said and walked away.4

I went and sat on the couch in front of the fire. I looked to Harry and patted the spot beside me. Our friends started up a conversation nearby, as I told Harry everything Snape told me, and he listened intently. +

"You think you can get him to... not hate me?" Harry asked quietly, as not to disturb our friends conversation. +

"I can try," I tell him. "But to be completely honest, it's really, really weird seeing Snape nice and having him be nice. I had to run out of there and then my stupid owl," I jerk my thumb towards Stripes, who was sitting on the back of Sydney's chair. "Stayed behind and I had to go back."1

"Okay don't make him like me," Harry said, a grin spreading over his face.+

"Good idea. Next time I go I'm shifting all my features to look more like Dad's," I smirked at the thought.46

Harry laughed. "I've got to admit that's brilliant."1

"I have to get back to my common room," I said sadly. "Talk later?" I tapped my head and Harry knew instantly what I meant.+

"For sure."+

I stood, and it caught the attention of the two other Slytherins, who took it as their cue to leave.+

"Okay!" I hugged Harry. "We have to meet in our common room next time."5

"Do you think the Slytherins would like that?" George questioned.+

"Uh... No. But it's not like they'd mess with me. Oh yeah and I almost forgot, I don't care what they think," I said with a smirk playing in my lips.15

"Okay fine." Harry said, with a small edge of nervousness in his voice.+

"Bye Harry!" Sydney laughed, ruffling his hair.41

"See you Harry," I smiled.+

"Bye Lil." 1

Sadie, Sydney and I turned to leave, but just as we were about to exit the portrait hole, we heard two certain redheaded twins calling us.1

"Hey! Lily! Sydney!" We turned around to see George waving us over and Fred sitting beside him. I walked over alongside Sydney, to see what was up.+

"What about me?" Sadie asked with a pout.7

"No," said the twins. Sadie huffed.11

I looked between Sadie and the twins and started to laugh. I managed to stop laughing and drag myself over to the redheaded twins. +

"What's up guys?" I asked quietly.+

"We want your help on a prank we're working on," They say together. "We've heard about some of your little stunts."6

"Yeah Sadie is not a prankster," muttered Sydney.14

"What is it?" I asked excitedly, smiling at Sydney's comment.+

The twins tell us all about their prank and I grin. It's genius. I just add a bit of input to which we all high five to.3

"Of course we'll help you with that. It's awesome!"+

"Thanks Lily, Sydney. Meet us in the entrance hall Sunday before breakfast bright and early."+

"Alright. Gotta get back to my common room though. Cya guys!" I say hugging Fred and high-fiving George. 65

Sydney, Sadie and I left the Gryffindor common room and I remembered something. Tomorrow's Halloween! We arrived at the Stone wall that's really the door to the Slytherin common room. 19

"Salazar," I said and the wall moved to the side revealing the common room. I noticed Draco Malfoy sitting on the big couch in front of the fire. I walked over and plop down beside him. I watched Sadie and Sydney go up the stairs to the dormitory.4

"Hey Drake," I say.98

"Hey Mel," he says. 64

Draco and I became really good friends a few days after arriving, when I'd become determined to see what was up with the blonde boy.43

I watched him closely for a while, before learning all about his façade, tough and mean around everyone, and a nice guy around friends, or alone.15

I'd confronted him about it and we became really close right then and there.+

"Where were you?" Draco asked.+

"Visiting my brother," I said simply. Drake pretended to hate Harry to keep his reputation up. I have to admit it was smart, and he was a really good actor. I just didn't like I couldn't hang out with both at the same time.40

"Right," He said, and slightly guilty look coming over his face. He quickly recovered and smirked. "You want to go roam around the castle?"3

"Of course I do," I laughed.25

 We both stood, and walked out the stone doorway into the silent halls of the castle.3

A comfortable silence hung around Draco and I as we exited the common room. The hallways were empty of any student, all curfews having been passed already. We would pass the occasional student who had snuck out as well, but would pass by with nothing more than a mere nod.24

"Did you have anywhere in mind?" I whispered, glancing around the dark castle.1

"Ah, wherever," he said shrugging his shoulders. +

We were both now out of school uniform. On the off chance that we were caught, I was hoping that maybe once again I could keep our house from losing points. That was much less likely with Draco, however. He and his family were known to be a line of Slytherins.+

We continued to walk about the castle not knowing where to go. It was starting to get a bit awkward, having no idea which direction we should turn next. I shoved my hands in my pockets.+

"I got an idea!" Draco announced. "Call your owl let her lead the way."+

I chuckled slightly. The idea almost sounded ridiculous. Stripes was an owl after all. Silently though, I had a feeling that owl'd been around the whole castle already and probably knew it like the back of her hand...wing. I whistled and waited for about a minute before I heard the shuffling of quick wings behind me. I5

"You know any hidden corridors or anything?" I asked the owl with a smirk, as though she could understand.4

The owl turned away, and started to fly down the hall, and Draco and I stuck close behind. We followed the owl through corridors neither of us knew existed and into some old classrooms, which appeared to be abandoned. We'd ended up back in the the main part of the castle, because Stripes had flown away, presumably back to the common room, and I was starting to feel slightly tired, and wanted to sit down.+

"Let's head to the Great Hall," Draco suggested, and I nodded.+

We started walking towards the Great Hall, when I heard footsteps coming up behind us. I brought Draco into a dark corner and shifted into a panther and covered him. He was quiet and I saw McGonagall walk by. 6

"We should probably keep going. McGonagall's office is somewhere around here I'm told."+

I nodded, and we continued walking through the huge castle until we found ourselves in the Entrance Hall. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw that we were in the lead for the house cup. I smirked, muttering an unpleasant comment about Gryffindor under my breath.11

We walked into the Great Hall. It's completely empty besides the two of us. We sat down and a small midnight snack appears before us. Two glasses of milk, and a tray covered in cookies of all kinds. I looked up at Draco and grinned.8

"UNLIMITED MILK AND COOKIES!" We exclaimed simultaneously, for a moment forgetting to be quiet out of bed past curfew. 26

We ate too many cookies to count, only stopping when we feel as though we're about to explode, and the tray disappeared. We then just sat silently, but comfortably. I looked around the Great Hall. It felt weird being alone in the huge room.+

"You know what I've wanted to do since I got here," I said an idea creeping up in my head, and a smirk growing over my face.1

"No," Draco said cautiously. "What?"+

"Sit in Dumbledore's chair!" I whisper yelled, jumping out of my seat.+

"I'm not too sure that's a good-"+

"WIMP!" I cut him off. +

"Fine," he started grinning. "But only because I've wanted to do it the whole time too."14

We walked up to the teachers table and I plop myself into Dumbledore's chair. I sat in the huge, comfortable chair for about two minutes before Draco jumped out of McGonagall's chair impatiently. 6

"Okay it's my turn!" He whined.+

"You sound like a five year old."+

"Whatever just move!' Draco sat for about a minute before a voice boomed through the room.+

"Having fun there children?" Dumbledore asked.91

"Sir!" Draco jumped up as if Dumbledore had sat the chair alight. "I- Well you see... We were... I didn't... Please don't give us detention... My Father... We can't..."21

"Mr. Malfoy!" The headmaster interrupted, with a smile on his face.+

"Sir," Draco addressed politely. 2

"Run off to your common room, and don't get caught or you'll both get stuck in detention," Dumbledore said with a twinkle in his eye.64

Draco and I scampered off, but as we were about to run out the door Dumbledore stopped us.+

"How'd you like the chair?" He asked.+

"It's really nice!" I said honestly.+

"It is nice isn't it? It's also enchanted," he chuckled. "Numerous students try to sit there. Most times after curfew like you have."15

My eyes widened in surprise as I looked over at Draco. We looked back to the headmaster who nodded his head. We scurried quickly back to the common room. 1

We got back in record time and sat on the couch and talked until about 11:00, when we head up to our respective dorms.+

"Night Lee," Draco said, reaching the stairs to the boys dormitory. 47

"Night Drake."39

After exchanging goodnights, we headed up to our dorms. I got up to the dorm and quickly changed into my PJ's and lay down, almost on top of Stripes who had decided to take over my bed.+

Harry? I called.+

Ugh why are you still up?+

Well you are too obviously, I state.+

I am now.+

Sorry.+

Well why are you up? Harry questions again.+

I was on a walk with Draco.+

This late?+

Duh.+

Go to sleep! Harry yelled into my head, sounding tired.4

Fine. But I wanted to tell you, while we were walking, we went to the Great Hall and sat in Dumbledore's chair, which is apparently enchanted to know when somebody besides Dumbledore is in it, so I suggest you don't try it. I tell Harry my story of the night.+

You got caught, didn't you? I wasn't going to try it, all you Slytherins and your Slytherin antics. Just because all of you are crazy doesn't mean everyone else is.44

Aw come on Harry, that was rude.+

Good.6

Wow, now you're just going to be a bully, are you?+

Yes. Yes I am. I am also going to go back to sleep, and I suggest you sleep as well so goodnight Lily.1

Okay, night.+

Night.+

I shooed my owl off my pillow, and she flew to her cage. I lay my head back and closed my eyes, falling asleep almost instantly.27

I awoke Saturday morning with a slight skip in my step. Hermione, Sadie, Sydney and I were having a girl's day while the guys went and did... whatever they did. The other Slytherin girls and I didn't know Hermione all too well, and I was hoping by inviting her, I'd be able to change that. 16

I woke Sadie up quickly (to which she groaned and swatted a hand at my face). Then, I dashed down the stairs, and right back up to the boy's dormitory where I was going to wake Neil and Draco.+

"Get up!" I whined impatiently, as they squinted their eyes even against the dim light that filtered through the black lake. "We need to get to the Great Hall!"+

Draco and Neil groaned in response. Draco rolled over and shoved his face into the pillow, while Neil sat up and shut the curtains. I ripped them opened again and shook their shoulders, and even slapped them in the faces to no avail. 2

"WAKEY WAKEY!" I yelled, afterwards giving a quick water making spell to their faces.44

I woke up all the guys in the dormitory with that. Theodore Nott, who had shot up in bed quickly after the loudness of my voice, glared at me darkly. I laughed nervously, putting up my hands defensively and taking a step backward.5

"Hey, Theo. Nice hair," I spat it as if it were sarcastic, but it was true; his hair was ruffed up in a good way, though I would never admit that to him.56

Theo made an unmistakeable noise. He growled, much like a dog would, his upper lip curling. His gaze darkened and he moved as if to stand and make for where I stood. But Draco's worried gaze made us both back down. I began to slowly backing from the dorm (thanking Draco silently, for I wasn't really in the mood for an early morning fight).13

"Meet you downstairs, Neil, Draco ," I said, eyes not leaving Theodore. With that I was gone.2

Sadie was waiting for me in the common room. I guess Sydney had already left. I ran down so quickly I nearly fell to the bottom. Sadie raised an eyebrow.3

"Okay, what did you do this time?' she interrogated, seeming to notice my urgency.+

"What? What are you talking about? Hey we should, oh I don't know..." I looked up the boy's staircase to check for any angry Slytherins, "go down stairs and wait for Neil and Draco there!" +

Sadie didn't even flinch. The Slytherin and the liar in me were both lacking considerably. I straightened up, hoping to seem more sure about what I said, which didn't work one bit.+

"I woke up all the guys in the dormitory," I muttered, giving in. "And Theodore Nott..." I trailed off, muttering angrily.1

She only burst out laughing. I grinned once, but not before shooting another look up the stairs, where I found quite a sight. Neil and Draco were running down the stairs. They made it to the bottom tripping and falling over one and other in the process. They lay in a heap on the floor.7

"Finally let's go, you clumsy idiots!" I exclaimed dragging Draco by his legs while Sadie did Neil.24

We dragged them all the way to the stairs, at which point we became too lazy to continue. We dropped their ankles, and they stood quickly, rubbing the backs of their heads tenderly. Glares were shot our way, and I only grinned.2

We made it to the Entrance Hall without Draco and Neil speaking to Sadie and me. They walked right over to the Gryffindors without a word to Sadie and I, which raised eyebrows. Although Draco was starting to warm up to the fact that we were friends with the Gryffindors, he still had the pureblood ways that were ingrained into him from his childhood. He was growing out of them, but even just this was a bold move.+

My eyes, which had followed Draco and Neil to where the Gryffindors stood, focused behind the group. I smirked.1

"Oh yes, I forgot to mention something," I started off, an evil glint in my eye. "Slimy Gryffindors if you'll please take a look over here," I walked over to the house points, "you'll see that you are in third and we, the beautiful, awesome, better-than-you Slytherins are FIRST!"28

This seemed to be the way to win back Draco and Neil, because with that, all of the Slytherins high-fived and turned to the Gryffindors with a victorious smirk. They didn't look amused.+

"You'll pay for that," George growled, a playful glint in his eye.7

"Heh... yeah... gotta run," I said taking off at full speed through the doors into the Great Hall.15

I ran right to the front of the room and when I turned around, I saw George running at me from between the Gryffindor and Ravenclaw tables. I waited until the last second to step aside causing George to smash into the head table (to which I heard Snape muttering obscenities). I run back down the aisle and stand at the other side. I suddenly fell a pair of arms lock around me and a voice screaming in my ear.14

"Get her George!" Fred yelled, his grip not loosening when I struggled.16

George ran toward us and Fred let me go at the last second, when George tackled me to the ground laughing. He eventually got off extending and arm out for me, which I used to throw him to the ground. I stood and looked at all the people staring at us in the Hall. I waved. 15

"Okay let's eat so we can go!" I practically screamed while walking to the Slytherin table, dragging the nearest person to me, who happened to be Harry, along with me by the hand.3

I skipped over to the end of the Slytherin table and sat down at the end where all the other Slytherins moved away. I never bothered with them, or them me, but their hatred for the Gryffindors didn't go unheeded.+

We all finished eating quick, hoping to get on with our Saturday. Sydney and I had a great idea what to do with Sadie and Hermione, and we were eager to get to it. We flocked out the Entrance Hall doors together, where we made our split.+

"Hermione, Sadie, follow us if you please," I said, offering Hermione a low bow.7

They rolled their eyes as I stood up straight. They followed Sydney and I, however, as we made our way past the Black Lake. Their eyes, I noticed, darted around nervously as we approached the edge of the school property.+

"Where are we going?" asked Hermione.+

"We're sneaking off to Hogsmeade," I grinned. "All the older students are going. We'll be able to blend in like its nothing."12

Sydney nodded in agreement. Sadie and Hermione shot each other nervous grins. Sydney and I fell back into step with them. I linked an arm with Hermione's, urging her to move a little faster and with more enthusiasm. 7

"Oh come on guys, have a little fun!" I said, nudging Hermione with the arm I had linked with her own.+

"Fine," says Sadie reluctantly. "But only because there's a bookshop I want to head to."24

We sneaked into Hogsmeade and I looked around in awe for a moment. I'd never been to Hogsmeade before. Out of the corner of my eye I noticed Hermione doing the same thing as me. Her brown eyes sparkled in wonder, and she'd obviously forgotten the rules she was breaking to be here. Amusement was clear on Sadie and Sydney's faces. They'd been here before, I assumed, growing up in magic families.2

"Okay let's go!" Sydney cried, obviously having had enough of watching us only gaze at the village.+

We all walked through the high street of town and stop to look around for a moment. Suddenly Sadie and Hermione gasped and ran off into the book store without a word. I looked at Sydney and we just shrugged at their antics and walked off to the joke shop. 6

*+

"Thanks for the great  day together guys," I muttered, after having met back up with Sadie and Hermione.+

The Slytherin in Sadie made her give a simple shrug, while Hermione offered me an apologetic smile. Only having been teasing, I smiled back, assuring her that all was okay. She adjusted the stack of nearly ten books in her hands, nearly toppling them in the process. I chuckled, and, tucking the large Zonko's bag under my arm, took half the stack into my own hands.+

"Shakespeare?" I observed, glancing at the books in my hands and finding myself face to face with a copy of Measure for Measure.3

"A wonderful muggle playwright," Hermione began to explain.1

"Yes, I know," I chuckled, causing Hermione to blush. "I was surprised is all. Not many people, young people anyway, tend to enjoy his works."9

"I've found the same. It's befuddling really. He was quite talented."2

"I agree. I tend to lean toward his tragedies, Macbeth, Othello, and the like, but I really enjoy all of his plays. I've read nine, I think, out of thirty eight."19

Now in deep discussion about the muggle playwright (that Sydney and Sadie had no care for), I felt my mission in becoming friends with Hermione had been accomplished. Her intelligence, even just about one person, astounded me. I wished I had access to half the knowledge she had.14

We got back to the Great Hall just in time for the amazing feast. As always, I was amazed by all of the food that I was allowed to have. In fact, I was sure I'd never get over it. Harry seemed to be the same. The Dursley's would do that to you.+

"You sure you can eat all that Lily?" Theo questioned, as I piled food onto my plate.14

"For sure," I winked, stabbing a piece of broccoli with my fork.18

I quickly ate all the food and wait for desert to appear. When it had, I grabbed one of everything and ate it all within five minutes. Everyone looked at me and Harry, who had been doing the same as I had, incredulously. I shrugged and kicked everybody under the table with a glare.5

"Staring at people is not nice," I said in a jokingly snobby voice as I reached out for seconds.6

It was early when we awoke. Ishook Sydney, and had to dodge her hand that came flying toward my face trying to swat me awake. I was careful not to wake the others in the dorm as I literally dragged Sydney out of bed. She, unlike myself, was not one for an early rise. I was barely able to get her out of bed and down to the Entrance Hall to meet Fred and George.9

It was still before 6 o'clock when we arrived. We were beat only by the early birds, most of whom were Ravenclaws. Oliver Wood was sat at the Gryffindor table, as I could see through the doors, windblown from already having been out to the pitch. His love for Quidditch was contagious, and many times I had awoken before 5'oclock, to get out to the pitch with him as soon as curfew was lifted on the hour. Rumour had it that he'd been recommended to Puddlemere United, but no one knew the outcome as of yet.5

"Hola, amigos," George was cheery for this time of day, providing great contrast from where he stood beside a still grumpy Sydney. "Ready?"6

I was half tempted to start jumping up and down. This was my first big prank. The others were against only a maximum of three people. I settled for a nod, while Sydney simply shrugged her shoulders, releasing a loud yawn.+

We entered the Great Hall, and the few students who had arrived groaned. I assumed the only reason that Fred and George would ever wake up this early was for a good prank. Oliver, I noticed, shook his head and smiled in amusement.15

We began to setup as inconspicuously as possible. It wasn't hard, considering no one was offering us much attention. By 7:50 we had finished the final touches. With the help of George we hid ourselves using a cloaking spell, and waited.+

It was 8:15 when we decided the Hall was as full as it would get. Nearly all of the students were there, and those who weren't, we figured, were either not coming, or weren't worth the wait. Harry was glancing around the Hall, peering over at the Slytherin table, obviously looking for us.+

Harry's attention was ripped from the Slytherin table when Fred waved his wand, making large water balloons appear above everyone's head. No one even had time to think before George had waved his wand and they fell. The balloons weren't filled with water, as everyone seemed to have thought. Instead they were filled with enchanted paint, that was impossible to wash off.22

The students looked enraged. The Slytherins had turned gold and scarlet, the Gryffindors were glancing around with horrified green and silver faces, the Hufflpuffs examined their blue and bronze arms while the Ravenclaws used every spell they could think of to get the yellow and brown paint off of themselves. 57

This time I waved my wand. More water balloons appeared, this time above the head table. A wave of Sydney's wand and they came crashing down. The professors were now a hideous shade of pink. I wasn't sure what I found funnier, a seething bright pink potions master, or a pink tabby cat running between the Ravenclaw and Gryffindor tables.35

By now, students and professors alike were standing and looking around for the culprit. We just stayed under the cloaking spell, laughing silently so no one would hear us. Somehow, no one but the Weasley's seemed to notice the absence of Fred and George.5

We were laughing so hard, that George accidentally removed the cloaking spell he had been responsible for holding. When we noticed all eyes on us, we froze. I was sure, after a glance to Fred, that all of our expressions were the same: a deer caught in the headlights.11

Through the angry shouts I heard a noise of realization as students gazes locked onto Fred and George. Most of the Hufflepuffs, with their kind souls, sat back down and started up conversation. Others, knowing Fred and George never did anything too dangerous or too permanent, didn't bother with them, and decided it was easier to roll their eyes and sit bacl down. Suddenly many of the Professors started advancing towards us. I really didn't want to lose all our house points or get detention for the rest of the year.+

"It only lasts 24 hours," I said nervously, holding my hands up in front of me as if I was staring down the barrel of a gun.+

This only seemed to enrage them more and they started to advance faster. Though they didn't look very intimidating in their state, I knew we would likely get a month's detention... from each of the Professors.+

"Look, at the time! Got to run!" George said quickly.6

He, Fred, and Sydney sprinted out of the hallway, grabbing a slice of toast from the Ravenclaw table on their way. Having been left behind, I went to cower under the Gryffindor table by Harry's shoes.+

"Hey!" I heard the voice that belonged to Sadie. "Neil and I are still silver and green!"+

Of course they would be. They were at the wrong table. With this I was out from under the bench in seconds.+

"Ha-ha," I mock laughed and waved my wand. Scarlet and gold balloons appeared above the two of them then burst turning the Scarlet and gold.11

Neil was only able to laugh at what Sadie had brought upon them. I noticed behind him that the small army of professors were now behind him. I shrieked, grabbed a slice of toast and some bacon, and made a mad dash for the doors without another word.+

I ran to the Gryffindor common room where I assumed Fred and George were. I couldn't remember the password to the common room, so I stood for about three minutes, thinking. I thought harder and it hit me.+

"Caput Draconis," as I said it I noticed an army of angry Ravenclaws had followed me to the common room.+

"The password changes Slytherin," the Fat Lady spat.6

I ran over and rapped my knuckles roughly against the portrait, wondering why I hadn't just done that in first place. Sydney opened the door knowing it was probably me and stepped aside to let me in. I got right to the point.2

"That was awesome," I said.+

"Absolutely brilliant," Sydney grinned.+

"Fantastic," Fred and George laughed together.+

We high-fived.+

"We definitely have to do something like that again," Sydney said thoughtfully.+

The twins grinned. "We've got loads of pranks, feel free to ask if you're ever in the mood."9

We chatted about future pranks for a while coming up with some really good ones. But Sydney's idea was by far the best. We planned to do it on the closing ceremony. We planned that one out for about ten minutes. It was perfect, flawless. When we finished coming up with the prank Sydney went to open the portrait door to leave for class.1

"No!" I screamed.+

"What?" Sydney asked reaching for the door.+

"There are about twenty angry Hufflepuff coloured Ravenclaws out there," I said. "If you don't mind being late for class we can wait it out. Ravenclaws wouldn't dare be late for class."+

Sydney agreed, and we awaited the passing of the start of class, where we were sure to get a detention from McGonagall. We had smiles on our faces all the while though.+

"We're headed to where we're surely going to get detention," I laughed. "From a pink Professor."46

"Watch it," I muttered.+

The first year Gryffindor, who's name was unknown to me, paid only a glance as she bumped into me. Without so much as that, she continued rushing forward to meet up with a friend of hers. I rolled my eyes.+

"I've lost my train of thought now."+

I was talking to Nott. We had become friends, but the journey there wasn't very pretty. After our fight in the Entrance Hall upon our arrival at Hogwarts, we'd loathed each other. There had been over four fist fights since, and one day in McGonagall had had enough.11

Nott and I had been sitting across the room from each other, both having finished before much of the class in turning our matches to needles. Considering himself an expert, Nott had turned my quill into a needle while I was taking notes. I did the same to him, and so he used his "expertise" in charms to launch the thing into my hand. I did the same to him again, aiming for his arm instead. After class, we immediately began to verbally abuse each other, before one of us threw the first punch. McGongall had noticed this occurring right outside her classroom, and was all but pleased.+

Dumbledore was a loony wizard, in my own opinion. We'd arrived in his office after being kicked out of Transfiguration. McGonagall had stalked out without a word, practically fuming from the ears. Nott and I had been left alone in Dumbledore's office for a while before he entered. We made no move to say anything to each other. When Dumbledore entered, he claimed we must be hungry (even though we'd had lunch not an hour ago). He'd had a house elf bring us a tray of cookies and a couple glasses of chocolate milk. Then, he insisted we stay there and chat over our snack until we agreed not to fight in the school. He left the room.27

In the end, Nott and I had actually began to bond. Though it was nothing heartfelt, like either one of us had suddenly burst out in apologies. I'd smirked and commented that if we continued hating each other we'd get to miss even more classes and eat even more cookies. We'd gone through with the plan, and missed all of Herbology before Dumbledore had caught us laughing at the story of the Hufflepuff who had sprained their ankle tripping over a kitten in the corridor a few days ago. Since then, we'd both apologized to one another, and were now on a first name basis.1

"Which house do you hate most?" He asked with a smirk.+

"HUFFLEPUFF!" I screamed earning several odd looks, all of which I ignored.188

Theo laughed. We were quizzing each other back and forth, just to get to know each other better. It was Madame Pomfrey's idea that we stuck to talking, and trying have pleasant conversation rather than fights in the corridors. After our time in Dumbledore's office, he'd sent us to the Hospital Wing. Theo and I had beat each other quite badly once again (though we'd both gone so far that we'd hit our heads and neither of us remembered who had started it). Although I rarely obeyed what others told me to do, Theo and I were having a good time just talking rather than fighting. I'd learned quite a bit about him.+

He was older than me, had just turned 12 on October 21, and I missed his birthday. He was a pureblood wizard; both his parents had magic blood. His mother had died when he was young, so Theo was left to be raised by his father, who had been working with Voldemort. One day, when Theo was seven, his father decided he didn't want such a bother like a son, so he moved away, leaving Theo behind. Theo had ran to Drake and his family, who quickly took him in as their second son. After this story, Theo became upset and quietened, and I quickly changed the subject and asked him a different question. His full name was Theodore Damien Nott.28

"Okay my turn," I said when he finished his laughing fit. "Who do you hate most out of the whole year?"+

"Ron," he said with a shrug. The redhead seemed not to have heard his name, for his conversation with Harry and Seamus had gone uninterrupted.32

"I'd say he's a close fourth, maybe," I mused. "That Macmillan fellow in Hufflepuff though..."2

Theo chuckled. I expected he take his turn in asking a question, but it didn't come. He turned to me with a serious expression, looking around as if checking for eavesdroppers.+

"I need a favor," he said quietly.+

"What?" I answered curious, but nervous.+

"I need you...... TO GET THIS COLOUR OFF ME!!!" He screamed causing me to jump at least a foot off the ground.+

I turned around to face him, giving him a glare. He smiled innocently, which made me laugh. I pushed him to the ground and walked off with a smirk.1

"Lily! Come on!" Theo called.15

He stood up and brushed the dirt and grass off his robes, before running to catch up with me. I pretended not to notice him, looking anywhere but at his gold and scarlet face. I did notice, out of the corner of my eye, that he frowned.+

"Lily I hate these colours. I look like a Gryffindor."+

"And that, Theodore, was the entire purpose of the prank," I finally spared him a glance, letting him notice my smirk. "Just because we're friends now doesn't mean you get special treatment during full school pranks."+

Theo frowned, and punched me lightly in the shoulder. I punched him back. By the time we reached Flying Lessons, we were in a full scale wrestling match on the ground, though unlike they used to be, this fight was friendly. Grins were spread over both of our faces, and Harry and Draco managed to pry us apart for the lesson, and hold us back.26

I looked around and I saw old looking brooms lying in two rows on ground. The Professor cleared her throat and ran a hand through her spiky hair, waiting for our attention. Her golden eyes were not unlike a hawks.+

"Hello class, my name is Madame Hooch. Welcome to flying lessons," said the Professor, staring us down with her bright golden eyes.14

"Hello Madame Hooch," we all grumbled pathetically. +

"Please step up beside a broom," she said enthusiastically, narrowing her eyes at the tone of our response.+

We all stepped up beside a broom, Slytherins on one row, Gryffindors on the other. I stood across from Hermione, who seemed quite anxious. I, on the other hand, could barely contain my own excitement. I'd read about Quidditch and flying before, and couldn't wait to try it. I wouldn't even care if I sucked.+

"Now put your hand above the handle and say up," Madame Hooch instructed.+

I reached my hand out above the broom curiously and said 'up'. To my great surprise the broom shot off the ground and straight into my hand. The whiz of the gap closing was accompanied by only one other, and I noticed Harry was the only other person who had managed first try. Second try, there was much more success, Sydney and Draco among them. The other students had no such luck.4

"UP!" Neville yelled angrily. The broom came shooting up and smacked him in the face. 41

Once everyone had their brooms in their hands, the Professor addressed us all again. "Now I want you all to get on your brooms, hover in the air for a second and then touch back down,"+

We all kicked off the ground, most of us being able to hover in the air for a second, then touched back down. I only got a taste of what flying was like as I hovered a few feet higher than everyone else before we touched back down. After that, all I wanted to do was get back in the air.+

Gasps resonated through the small crowd of us first years. I focused my gaze where everyone else's was. Neville was getting higher and higher. He looked terrified and wasn't getting any lower. +

"Mr. Longbottom get back here this second!" Yelled the Professor.+

"I don't think he can Madame," said Hermione, her eyes following as Neville kept getting higher.13

Neville yelled in fear and went shooting across the yard the broom swerving on its own accord. Neville was still rising, at about twenty feet Neville's grip slipped. He screamed as he fell through the air and landed with a sickening crack. Most Slytherins laughed. I glared at Draco when he let out a chuckle.+

"Broken wrist," declared Hooch. "Have to get you to the hospital wing."+

Hooch stood pulling Neville by his good wrist.+

"All feet will stay on the ground until I get back," Hooch said a voice of authority airing over us.+

She walked off with Neville by her side towards the castle. We all watched until they were out of view and started talking, yelling and laughing about nothing. A crowd of 11 and 12 year olds wasn't quiet, as I could tell by the glances we were getting out first floor windows. +

"Look what that Longbottom boy left," I looked over to see Ryker Bertram tossing Neville's remembrall from hand grining slyly. I rolled my eyes.47

I knew Ryker Bertram as the irritating, egotistic, cocky, Slytherin boy from the common room. He could be shut up only by the seventh years, who towered over him as they growled about how they were trying to do schoolwork. I rolled my eyes, and he took notice. His smirk grew.+

"Give it here, Bertram," Harry said, his voice hard. 21

"Nah, I think I'm gonna put it somewhere out of poor baby Potters' reach. The roof?" Bertram flew off towards the roof and I got on my broom alongside Harry.+

"No. You two are going to get in trouble," said Hermione, alongside Sadie.1

"I've got to get Neville's remembrall," spoke Harry, while at the same time I was saying completely different.+

"I don't think they can give me detention. I'm booked up for the next week! 14 detentions, two for each night!" Sadie and Hermione glared at me.50

Harry kicked off the ground and I followed seconds after. We flew into the air. I felt free, I loved the feeling of the cool air on my face. 1

"Oh the two little baby Potters followed me. Uh-oh," Bertram said, sarcasm dripping of his tongue. "Maybe I should just get rid of this." He threw the remembrall towards the stone wall of the castle, and I raced off after it, having to dive nearly straight down for twenty feet, catching it right before it hit a window. 8

I laughed looking at the ball which glistened in my hand. +

"Hey Harry!" I called to my distracted brother. "Catch!"+

I threw the remembrall as hard as I could towards my brother. Unfortunately, I absolutely sucked at throwing. The ball didn't go quite far enough, and Harry had to dive another fifteen feet right before it hit the ground. He caught the ball, grinned, and hopped off his broom.13

I slowly lowered my broom toward the ground, landing beside Harry, smiling. We were greeted by cheers from Gryffindors and Slytherins alike. Of course there was always those Slytherins who booed. Their cries went unheard.+

Suddenly Professor McGonagall came marching across the lawn.+

"Mr. Potter, Ms. Potter, follow me," she said beckoning us.+

Sadie and Hermione glared with an 'I told you so look'. I rolled my eyes and walked off with Harry, the feeling of victory still coursing through my veins.8

McGonagall stopped suddenly in front of the Defence against the Dark Arts room. She knocked twice before walking in, motioning for Harry and me to stay out.+

"Quirrell, could I borrow Wood and Flint?" I heard McGonagall say.31

"Y-yes no p-problem," Quirrell stuttered.+

"Flint and wood? Isn't that what they used to use to start fires?" I asked Harry, who I knew had actually paid attention in muggle school.53

"Flint and steel, actually," Harry said factually, reminding me a bit of his friend, Hermione Granger. "But with magic? I don't know."3

"She's not planning to light us on fire is she?" I joked. "I mean, we did break the rules."9

"No. That would be illegal; magic or not."3

"Ah, you're no fun. I wonder what she needs wood and flint for though."5

Then McGonagall walked out of the classroom with two boys behind her, glaring at one and other. One wore a crimson and gold tie, while the other wore green and silver. The Gryffindor was obviously much older than the Slytherin.6

"Harry, Mel-"1

I cut her off, "Lily."4

"Lily. This is Wood," she gestured to the Gryffindor, "and Flint." She pointed at the Slytherin.+

I looked to Harry, then to McGonagall, then to Flint, then to Wood.+

"So, you're not going to light us on fire?" I asked fighting to keep a straight face.23

"What?" McGonagall looked at me bewildered. "Why on earth would I set you on fire?"+

"Well I thought you meant, flint, like the rock, and wood, which people used to use to light fires." I began to mutter under my breath. "Except apparently you actually have to use steel."5

"What? Why would I light you on fire?"+

"Well I thought we were in trouble," I said.+

"No, these are two students, named Wood and Flint: Oliver Wood, and Marcus Flint."+

It was then that I couldn't keep a straight face anymore. I burst out laughing and I even heard Harry let out a chuckle behind me.4

"These boys are the captains of Gryffindor and Slytherin Quidditch teams. They're going to be training you two as seekers. Fast. Your first game is in five days," McGonagall informed.2

"We made the Quidditch teams?!" I asked incredulously, my laughter dying out immediately. 16

"Yes. If you want, that is," McGonagall said.+

I shared a shocked look. If just being on a broom and catching a flying remembrall was that exhilarating, I couldn't imagine what it would be like playing an actual sport, for an actual team would be like. +

"YES!" Harry and I screamed simultaneously.+

"Well you're going to miss a lot of classes over the next few days because your next game is in five days. You two need to train hard," she said. "Especially you Harry, Gryffindor needs to win this year."13

"Hey!"+

To my surprise she laughed. "Go! I booked the pitch for the four of you now. You get the next class off."4

"Four? I don't want to go with him!" Flint said pointing at Wood.12

"They're going to get ahead in training if you don't suck it up!" I said, turning to face Flint.+

"She's right," McGonagall said. "Take it or leave it."+

The two older boys grumbled and started towards the front doors without another word. They walked on opposite sides of the hall and glared at one and other. They looked back at Harry and me, and saw us walking in the middle of the hall side by side. They threw us each a glare, and I went and walked behind Flint, Harry behind Wood.+

What happened between these two? I thought to Harry.22

I'm not exactly sure, but I think it's just because they're the Captains of two different teams. He responded.+

Strong hate. 2

I know. The really hate each other.+

Maybe they just looove each other.42

We both laughed loudly.+

"Are you two talking?" Flint growled, turning towards me. "You're not supposed to associate with Gryffindors."5

"He's my brother, I'll do whatever I want."3

"He's your brother? I don't see it." Flint said, shocked out of his anger.1

"No one does. We're twins. Melody Lily Potter, girl-who-lived, nice to meet you," I stuck my hand out slyly, smirking at him.4

"Wait. That makes you Harry Potter," Wood said, turning to Harry.4

"Yeah," Harry said, his cheeks reddening slightly.+

"I got a chosen one on my team!" The boys yelled simultaneously.98

"C'mon then. We've got to get to the pitch," said Wood walking faster. "Let's see how the golden snitch does against the chosen ones."+

We walked quickly through the halls to the pitch. It was huge. Wood and Flint each grabbed a small chest.4

"They'll face each other in twenty minutes," Flint spat at Wood.+

"Done," Wood said.+

We walked to opposite sides of the Pitch and Flint looked at me.2

"Do you know anything about Quidditch or the Slytherin team?"+

I nodded eagerly, having finished reading many Quidditch books way before the start of term. I knew only about the sport itself though, and was completely clueless when it came to teams, as I found out when Neil tried to talk to me about a team called the Holyhead Harpies.8

"What positions are there?" Flint interrogated, eyes narrowing.+

"There's four positions. Chaser, beater, seeker and keeper. Chasers are responsible for the quaffle and scoring, beaters responsible for the bludger and not letting it hit the players, seekers for finding the snitch, and keepers to protect the goalposts from the chasers and the quaffle."+

"How many of each player?" +

It was like he was going easy. "Three chasers, two beaters, one seeker, and one keeper. Therefore it's seven to a team and fourteen in a game."+

Flint wasn't about to back down that easy, however. His eyes were locked in a battle with my own, and neither of us were backing down. I stood up straighter, confident in my knowledge.+

"How many points for the snitch?"+

"Easy. 150."+

"Hm. How many fouls are there in Quidditch?"+

"Seven hundred. There's only 11 common ones though, and if you'd like the extent of my knowledge, during the 1473 Quidditch World Cup final, all fouls were committed," I have a sly smirk. "However I believe we're straying from what's at hand. Harry is already up and training."5

Sure enough, when Flint glanced over, Harry was already in the air being taught flying tactics by Wood. Flint grumbled under his breath and I swore I heard him cursing Oliver Wood.1

"Alright, Seeker. Here, the golden snitch," Flint handed me the ball.+

I looked at the ball in awe. It shone in the light and I closed my hand around the cold metal. I handed it back to Flint who pocketed it.4

"Our team had no seeker. We were getting nervous because the game's only days away," Flint stated looking at me, "Do you know who's on the team?"+

"I only know two people," I said with a straight face.+

"Really? Who?" he looked surprised.+

"Me, and you."35

"Ha-ha," he said sarcastically. He handed me a scrap piece of parchment. "Here's a list of the team for you."2

Keeper: Marcus Flint- Third Year+

"You're only third year?!" I asked in disbelief.+

"Yeah, one of the only ones," he answered smugly. "There were only 3 other third year captains."+

I raised my eyebrows, and looked down to continue to read the parchment.+

Captain/Keeper: Marcus Flint- Third Year 16

Chaser 1: Graham Montague- Sixth Year5

Chaser 2: Adrian Pucey- Fifth Year31

Chaser 3: Terence Higgs- Fourth Year+

Beater 1: Grayson Miller-Seventh Year1

Beater: Xavier Lazarro- Fifth Year+

Seeker- Melody "Lily" Potter- First Year23

"Wood is a Captain and Keeper, Harry's a seeker," Flint said to me, I don't know anyone else on the Gryffindor Team. Hufflepuff Captain is Daniel Pines, Ravenclaw Captain is Harrison Douglas. That's all I know," Flint informed.13

"Can Captains only be Keepers?" I asked, referring to him and Wood.+

"No, Douglas is a Chaser and Pines is a seeker."5

"I just thought- because you and Wood are both Keepers."2

"No, anyone can be Captain. It's been 20 minutes," he retrieved the snitch from his pocket. "You and Harry are going to have a face off to see who can get the snitch first."+

We started walking towards the middle of the pitch. Wood and Harry mirrored. We met in the middle of the pitch and Wood and Flint glared at each other.+

"Let's do this," Flint said holding up the snitch. He released it into the air and it flew off.+

"Wait one minute," Wood said.+

"Mount your brooms," Flint said pointing at the brooms on the ground.+

Harry and I mounted and stared each other in the eye.+

"GO!" Yelled Flint and Wood.+

I kicked off the ground and went as fast as the broom would allow me. I started circling the pitch. I circled above all three goalposts. Harry circled at the same level as me, but the opposite direction. I circled about seven times, when I saw a bright flash of gold near the first goalpost nearest to where Flint and I had stood. Harry wasn't looking that direction so I rushed in the opposite direction, letting him follow me, going faster.+

When he was far enough ahead that he couldn't see me, I made a sharp U-turn and sped towards the snitch. I shot towards it and heard Harry catching up, having turned around. I sped towards the snitch, reached my hand out and grabbed at the air, getting nothing. I reached again and when I closed my fist, I felt a small metal ball enclosed in my palm.+

"YES!" I screamed and turned to look at Harry's face. I waved the snitch in his face and shot towards the ground.26

I jumped while the broom was still three feet off the ground and landed running towards Flint. He was cheering and laughing in Wood's face. I got to him and high fived him and we laughed in the Gryffindors faces once more.1

"Quidditch cup, here we come."5

"So you both made the Quidditch teams? In first year? Incredible!" Fred exclaimed. "We are so going to win this year! Isn't that right Harry?"17

Harry nodded, not bothering to argue, even though I knew he was thinking there was no way his being added to the team could guarantee victory. Fred and George grinned, each of them wrapping an arm around Harry's shoulders. My mind wandered to our go at the snitch and I smirked.+

"Fred," said George. "She's smirking. It is never ever good when she's smirking."1

"She's always smirking!"1

"Not like this!"+

"What does that even mean?"+

George only pointed to where I'd contorted my face into an innocent smile. George wasn't having it. He scowled and narrowed his eyes in my direction. "What is it?"+

"Nothing," I waved it off.+

"Now I'm intrigued... and worried," George muttered. "What is it?"1

"Drop it, Weasley."+

"I will not."+

I shrugged. "Fine. I beat Harry to the snitch."+

George looked taken aback. His eyes narrowed at me once again. I threw my arms up in the air in exasperation. "You asked, I told. There's no winning with you, is there?"+

"Do the Slytherins have a good chance?" George questioned. +

"Oh yeah, baby."12

"We going to have to tell Oliver we need to train hard," Fred sighed. "Otherwise this will be how many years in a row that Slytherin has won."+

"Oh he knows," I smirked. "Both our teams have a practice each day. Wood didn't want to miss any classes because of his O.W.L.S. though so he scheduled all your practices before classes. Ours are all during third class."4

"But classes start at eight!" George exclaimed, "Practice is an hour long, so it'll start at seven! You're not telling me we have to wake up at six!"18

"I am," I grinned. +

I walked alongside them down the corridor towards the great hall. I saw Marcus walking by and instantly I thought of something that would annoy Harry, Fred, and George and I took the chance without a second thought. Just while we were on the subject of Quidditch anyway.+

"Hey Marcus!" I called.+

"Yeah Seeker?" He called back. I'd adopted the nickname 'Seeker' from the whole team, because, well, I was the seeker. Also I was one of the two youngest seekers in a century at Hogwarts. Technically, as I'd told Harry, I was actually the youngest. There weren't often times I could use my being younger to my advantage, so I took it without hesitation.8

"We have practice during third class tomorrow right?" I asked, knowing the answer already, but just wanting the Gryffindors to hear it again.+

"Yup, third and sixth," he said making his way to where I stood so he wouldn't have to yell across the Entrance Hall. I didn't miss the look he shot around me at the Gryffindors.3

"Sixth? Since when?" I asked, genuinely surprised.+

"Since we got a new seeker that needs training," Marcus smirked. "I don't have owls to prepare for like a certain other captain does."2

"Okay, I'm fine with missing two classes," I said happily, ignoring the grumbles from behind me.+

"Knew you would be. See you, Seeker!" He grinned, walking toward a friend of his, who had beckoned him into the Great Hall.+

Fred, George and Harry all glared at me and walked over to the Gryffindor table muttering something about Wood and Flint and stupid Slytherins. +

"Hey! Come on guys! We agreed to sit at the Slytherin table today!" I said, slightly downcast at the simple thought of sitting either alone or at the Gryffindor table for the fifth time in a row.+

"Don't care," they said together.+

I shrugged when I noticed the others at the Slytherin table already. I made my way over and sat with Sydney, Sadie, Draco, Theo, and funnily enough, Ron and Hermione. Ron had obviously tagged along with Hermione, who was in deep conversation with Sadie about some homework that I hadn't done.8

"Hey, what are Harry, Fred and George doing?" Ron asked noticing he was one of the only two Gryffindors at the table, his ears turning slightly pink.+

"They're mad because I was teasing them," I smirked. 2

"What about?" asked Theo, glancing at Harry and taking a bite out of his sandwich. +

"They have Quidditch practice before classes tomorrow and mine is during third class and sixth class. I'm going to miss Herbology and Transfiguration," I would have shrugged it off, but Transfiguration was one of my two favourite classes, the other being Potions, with a bat professor or not. I was sure McGonagall knew... somehow. 2

"Who's going to be my partner then?" asked Sadie frowning. I was usually her partner in Transfiguration, while Sydney often abandoned me to join Neil, who somehow wasn't in Ravenclaw.+

"Oh, I don't know," I said throwing my arms up in the air dramatically. "Hermione maybe?"+

Sadie grumbled under her breath, but as a proud Slytherin, would never admit I was right. I rolled my eyes and reached out for my goblet of pumpkin juice. +

"Oh that's no good! You're going to miss classes. Professor McGonagall and Professor Sprout aren't going to me very happy about that at all," Hermione said sternly.5

"They won't be happy because they know I'm training to beat their teams," I said laughing. "Theo can you get homework from both Professors for me?"+

"You want me to get your herology and transfiguration homework?" Theo asked incredulously. I had a knack for not doing homework even when I did attend classes. I'd gotten quite a few lectures about it from Professors and Hermione alike. I knew all the content, having read my textbooks before start of term, but I couldn't be bothered with homework. Somehow, my professors knew that.8

"Well now that you say it like that, I'm rethinking. Just Transfiguration please and thank you!" I laughed. What would Herbology ever do for me anyway?12

"You want homework?" Theo questioned once again, raising his eyebrows.+

"Hey! I like Transfiguration!" I scowled, but couldn't suppress a grin.+

"Fine, fine, I'll get your homework for you," Theo sighed. "But if you don't do it even I'm going to be mad. There's no point in me getting it if you don't do it."6

"Thanks!" I said happily. "I promise to you that I will do my Transfiguration homework."+

After the end of lunch, I skipped off to first class: potions. The thought of it made me groan aloud. I really didn't feel like dealing with Snape. He was ruining a class that I actually loved. I hated the tone he had when speaking about my father, and the way he treated Harry just because he looked like James Potter.2

I woke slowly in the hospital wing, lying nearest to the back wall. Marcus Flint was sitting in the plastic chair beside my bed, his hand resting oddly close to my own. I frowned and pulled my hand away. This was the perfect moment for a small easy prank.58

I grabbed the pillow out from behind me and swung it directly into Marcus's face. He jolted awake and nearly fell out of his chair. I smirked as hee swivelled and glared at me.2

"Bloody hell Lily! What was that for?" He exclaimed, earning himself a very dirty look from the patron.+

"It was funny," I huffed. "How long have you been here?"+

"Since you ran into my class and started yelling for help then passed out in the middle of the room."13

"It's not my fault!" I argued, forcing the red out of my cheeks.+

"Never said it was."+

We were both quiet. Me lying back in the bed, him sitting in his chair. Sunlight streamed into the room and fell onto Marcus. His blonde hair shone and his bright blue eyes sparkled. 53

I frowned and looked around the hospital wing, taking in my surroundings. White. Everything was white. It was plain. It smelled terrible. It was too quiet. It was stuffy. The bed was scratchy. I groaned loudly.4

"When can I leave?" I asked, bored of this boring room with its boring beds, boring walls, boring everything, already.1

"As soon as you'd like," replied Madam Pomfrey, the patron, making her way over to my cot. "I fixed you up as quickly as I could."5

"Okay. Where are my clothes? I'll be leaving."+

I couldn't wait to escape this room. It had only been a few minutes (that I was conscious for) and I was already overtly eager to leave. The Hospital Wing was somewhere I hoped to never end up again, but I had a feeling that was never going to happen.+

"Well it's almost third class..." Marcus pulled a set of green and silver robes from under his chair.+

"Quidditch! Quidditch practice! Are those my Quidditch robes?" I practically screamed.15

Marcus just nodded, a smile on his face. I grabbed the robes, pushed Marcus away, and closed the curtain around my bed. I changed within ten seconds and pulled the curtains back roughly, earning a look from Madame Pomfrey.7

"Here, I've got gloves and boots for you too," said Marcus handing them to me.4

I pulled them on, put my hair up in a high ponytail and went to glance in the mirror. I had to admit, I looked pretty cool.+

"Let's go Marcus don't wanna be late now!" I yelled, and darted out of the room.+

Everyone had just started to change classes, and while running for the door, I literally ran into Harry. We both stumbled, only keeping balance when an older Ravenclaw student steadied Harry with a laugh. 1

"Lils! You're out!" He exclaimed.+

"Hey nice robes!" Sydney said walking over. +

"I've got Quidditch Practice!" I called much louder than was necessary.7

"A broom came for you," Harry said. "Apparently, it's the nicest broom yet. I got one too. I've got yours in my dormitory."+

"Well come on then," I tugged on Harry's arm.1

"I've got class Lily."+

"I don't care. Broom. Quidditch. Now," I pouted.4

"I'm telling McGonagall it's your fault I'm late," Harry complained, but headed towards the Gryffindor common room.+

"Great. While you're at it, make sure you tell her it was me that left the bag of kitty litter by her desk will you?"84

"That was you?! You're going to get detention for a month!"10

I just grinned, and kept walking, leaving a stunned Harry behind me.+

Once we were in the Gryffindor common room, I ran up the stairs two at a time, into the boys dormitory. Harry went over to the bed I assumed was his, reached under, and retrieved a broom which had the words, Nimbus 2000, scrawled on the end in gold letters.+

"Woah! Thanks Harry! Bye gotta run!" I said excitedly and ran out.+

I ran out into the halls and stared running for the door when I got an even better idea. I mounted my broom, and started flying towards the door.8

"Ms. Potter!"+

I hopped quickly off my broom and landed steadily on my feet. I turned to see Professor McGonagall striding towards me, her lips pressed into a thin line. I stood straighter and dropped my broom.+

"Yes, Professor," I answered monotone.+

"What on earth do you think you're doing!"+

"I'm heading to Quidditch practice. I didn't want to be late and I couldn't run fast enough so I thought 'Hey! Why not try out this new Nimbus 2000 before I get to practice?' So I decided to fly down the hall instead of run."+

"Don't do it again. 15 points from Slytherin," she said.+

"Sorry Professor," I said. "I won't do it while there's teachers around."32

"Ms. Potter," she said sternly, but there was the smallest hint of a smile on her face.3

"Sorry again, Professor. I'll be off then. I'm getting Theo to get my work for me, don't worry," I said, really wanting to get to practice. I put my hand over the handle of the broom, "UP!"+

"Goodbye Ms. Potter," McGonagall said.+

"See ya Prof!" I called over shoulder, already walking away.1

Once McGonagall was out of sight, I hopped back on my broom and shot towards the door. I was there within seconds and jumped off the broom to open the doors. I heard a whizzing sound and saw Stripes lingering by the door. I walked out and the owl followed.1

"Race you?" I said looking towards the owl.+

She did a backflip as if to say yes and lined up beside me. I mounted my broom and shot towards the pitch at full speed. I heard whizzing beside me ear and I urged my broom to go faster. We reached the pitch, Stripes seconds ahead of me.+

"Merlin's Beard! That broom is fast!" I saw a tall, lean kid running towards me. "What is it?"+

"Nimbus 2000," I answered smugly, knowing it was the best broom yet. "And you are?"1

"Xavier Lazarro," he answered quickly.7

"Lil-"+

"I know who you are! You're Melody Potter, but you prefer Lily."1

"Word gets around fast," I commented to myself.+

"Yeah, let's head over to the rest of the team," Lazarro took off running.+

I mounted my broom once again, and with Stripes still by my side, whizzed past Lazarro and came to a halt in front of the rest of the team.+

"That is one fast broom," said Marcus as soon as I got there.+

"Not as fast as this owl," I said pointing towards Stripes.16

Marcus laughed, "Yeah but we're not playing against owls."17

I simply shrugged. We all got our brooms and walked to the middle of the field. I looked around the huge pitch and wondered how I was supposed to find a tiny, flying ball that moved at crazy fast speeds, while staying out of the way of bludgers and players and racing against Harry.+

"Okay Montague, Pucey, Higgs! Start passing around the Quffale; I'll be up to the goalposts in a minute. Miller, Lazarro! Take out the bludgers, do your thing and watch out for our team. Lily! Release the snitch. After a minute or two, go out to find it. Come on everyone we gotta beat some Gryffindor arse!" Marcus barked out his orders and we all did what he said.39

I walked over to the chest and glanced at all the balls. I didn't need to worry about any of them (assuming our beaters were as good as Marcus said they were). I reached into the tiny compartment above all the rest of the balls and retrieved the golden snitch. It was a walnut sized ball, shiny, and near impossible to find. The wings sprouted out and it struggled against my fingers. I released it and watched as it flew up into the foggy sky. I waited for two minutes before I mounted my broom, and shot up into the air.12

I circled the pitch, watching carefully for any sign of the snitch. I also kept an eye on the team. They were really good. Montague, Pucey, and Higgs all had really good aim, had a good arm and could catch really well. Marcus blocked a lot of the shots too. He kept most out, but when they did go in, he insisted it was only because our chasers were so good. The beaters, Lazarro and Miller did their jobs and got the bludgers away from the other players before they even knew it was headed their way.+

I continued to circle the pitch when suddenly, I saw a flash of gold near the goalposts, right near one of the chasers, Higgs, I think. I raced after it shooting right towards Higgs head and outstretched my arm. I felt all eyes on me as I went in for the catch. The snitch dropped and I dove right above it. I chased after it and closed my fist, feeling nothing. I urged the broom to go faster and closed my fist again. I felt it; the tiny ball was trapped inside my fist.4

The rest of the players cheered and flew my way. They all either slapped me on the back or punched me in the arm. I held the snitch in the air and cheered along.11

"Hey guys!" I laughed. "I haven't played in a game yet! Who knows? Maybe I'm no good against the other seekers. This is only a practice after all."+

"You'll be great!" Higgs yelled.+

I laughed and cheered along with the other players for another minute before Marcus came over and told us to get moving.+

"Okay Mr. All-work-no-play," I drawled. "You're boring!"12

Marcus just shook his head and went off to the goalposts. Practice went on like that for an hour. Release the snitch, find the snitch, get cheered my teammates, get told off by Marcus for not focusing, and start back at square one.+

I was disappointed when it ended. We all walked off the pitch and into the change rooms. I changed into my school robes and grabbed my book bag. I was looking forward to the next practice taking place after Charms.+

Over the next few days, it was hard to focus on anything but Quidditch. The match was the next day. But I managed to keep up with my classes and my friends. In fact, I was on my way down to the Great Hall with Fred that very moment. George had run up ahead with Lee Jordan minutes ago, when Lee had mentioned something about running off to prank Snape.8

"Yeah see you guys when you get out of detention in a few years! If you survive that long!" I'd called.24

Since then it had been silent, aside from the occasional rumble of my stomach. We were uncomfortably late for breakfast. Fred had once again slept in far too late, which had ended in Lee and I beating him with pillows until he rolled out from under the covers and onto the floor. It had taken a few minutes before he had forgiven us. 4

"Nervous for the game tomorrow?" Fred asked, turning to me.+

"Nah," I lied easily. "What's the worst that could happen?"1

"Well, you could fall off your broom, you could get hit by a bludger," Fred seemed to be growing a smirk as he continued. "You could get hit by a player, you could run into the goalposts, or the stands, you could faint which would also result in you falling off your broom and there's much more but the list is too long for me to go on."12

"None of that'll happen. Why should I be nervous? We're facing Gryffindor," I shrugged,  laughing at Fred's face when he realized, after a few seconds, that I'd insulted him, George, Harry and the rest of the team.6

"Hey!"+

I laughed once again and started chanting loudly. "Slytherin! Slytherin! Slytherin!"9

We started bickering about the match, and which house was better, all the way to the Great Hall. By the time we had reached the doors our friendly bickering had resulted in each of us becoming very defensive about our houses and nearly reaching a very heated argument. I stopped and looked over at Fred.+

"Fine. If you're going to be like that, I'll just sit all by myself at the Slytherin table," I started to strut of towards my house table, when Fred grabbed my hand and tugged, leading me toward the Gryffindor table.22

"No, no. You'll come sit with us I think Melody," said Fred in a cunning voice that could've passed for Slytherin.13

"Don't call me that!" I yelled, smacking him hard in the arm, but growing a smile that I wished would go away.45

He only grinned and this time used both hands to try and tug me towards the Gryffindor table. I couldn't seem to scowl properly. My feet seemed to involuntarily be moving forward. He only grinned and continued to walk backwards.2

That's when I realized everyone had stopped what they were doing, and started looking at us. Seconds after that I realized the position we were in; practically holding hands in the hall. I suppressed a blush. Fred seemed to realize as well, and we both averted our eyes to the floor and walked the rest of the way to where Harry sat.73

I glared at eyes that met mine, and they all went back down to their food. I smirked. Fred and I sat next to each other at the Gryffindor and continued to bicker over Quidditch. Everyone started to join in, everyone but Hermione and Sadie.+

"Ugh, boys and their Quidditch," Hermione groaned.2

"Agreed," Sadie added, rolling her eyes.+

"Hey!" Sydney said, as she and I turned to face Hermione and Sadie. "What was that?"+

"I said boys and their...oh."+

"Uh-huh. Do we look like boys to you?" I drawled slowly, looking both Hermione and Sadie in the eye.+

"Well... what I meant was-" I cut her off only by raising an eyebrow.+

"No," Hermione said rather bravely.+

"That's what I thought," I said, my voice sickly sweet. "I think I'll just be going, then," I stood and turned to the doors. "But before I forget..." I waved my wand once, pointed towards Hermione and Sadie.10

Their hair began to get shorter, their features became more boyish, and when they spoke their voices were deeper. They looked at each other in horror, and clutched their faces. I laughed at their reactions, whilst they glared at me.6

"What is going on here?" a velvety voice sounded behind me.8

I turned to find Professor Snape standing behind me. Ever since that one potions class where I'd decided to look like my father, he'd hated me. He hated me but he couldn't take points off his own house. He couldn't take points off a Slytherin, much less give them detention. He was helpless.7

"Well you see Professor; these two girls thought Marshall and I were boys! It was very insulting you see, and I decided they needed to get what they deserved," I turned and smirked at Hermione and Sadie who still looked like boys.+

"Miss Potter, I decide who gets punished and how. I am the Professor no?" he looked down on me, his black eyes holding no amusement.1

"Yes sir. But-"+

"No buts, Miss Potter. I will decide appropriately, who is punished. Miss Granger 10 points from Gryffindor for harassing another student."41

"Professor, what about Sadie?" Hermione complained.3

"I do not think Miss Bennett did any wrong," Snape drawled smoothly.6

"Well what about our faces then?" Hermione and Sadie complained.+

"Hm," Snape strutted off, his robes billowing behind him.+

I laughed again at the expression the two wore. I walked away, leaving Sydney to be yelled at mercilessly by Hermione and Sadie. She glared at my retreating back. I was tucking my wand back into my robes when I heard a voice calling me back.+

"Lily! Wait!" Fred called from behind me.9

I swivelled around to watch him run to catch up with me. He ran over, and stopped before me. His long orange hair fell in front of his sea blue eyes and his lips were parted slightly as he panted.34

"Like what you see?" he grinned and my hazel eyes snapped up to meet his blue ones.76

I raised my eyebrows, looked over him once and tilted my head to the side. I pretended to be in deep thought, while stroking my chin, before shrugging.+

"I guess."+

Fred shook his head in amusement. He punched me lightly in the arm, and I punched him back, hard enough that he was tenderly rubbing his arm afterwards. I sniggered at his expression.+

"I was wondering if you'd like to come with me to Hogsmeade," he said, letting his hand drop off his arm. "Of course we'd have to sneak over, but I'll show you the way and all."64

"Sure. No need to show me the way, I've sneaked off there before."+

"I wish that I could say I was surprised, Slytherin."+

"I'd bet you do, Gryffindor," I grinned with narrowed eyes.+

"Let's be going then," Fred lead me towards the door, and held them open when I walked through.42

I walked through and waited for him to return to my side again. The walk to Hogsmade was silent. Though it wasn't and awkward silence. It was quite comfortable. I shivered and wished I'd brought warmer robes. The cool November air bit at me and I shivered again.+

"Cold?" Fred looked at me concerned.9

"No, not at all," I lied, forcing my body to relax.5

"Yes you are. Here," Fred placed his winter cloak around my shoulders.64

He remained in nothing but a white collared shirt. My ego took an immediate hit. My face flushed furiously and I practically ripped it off before he could have even felt the blistering cold. I forced it back into his hands.4

"Fred," I groaned. "I don't need this."9

"Fine. But come here," he rolled his eyes, shrugging the cloak back on.+

I walked towards Fred and he wrapped his arm around me and held me at his side. It was quite a bit warmer, though I'd never admit that. I pressed lightly into his side as we walked like that the rest of the way to Hogsmade, and halfway through town. Fred, keeping his arm tightly around me, led me into the warmth of the three broomsticks and removed his arm from around me. 96

"Go sit. I'll get us butterbeer," Fred motioned to a small table in the corner. "Oh, and if anyone asks, you're not a first year."13

I went and sat at the small table and looked around the quiet place. It was just the two of us, and some couple, too old to be in school, at the table furthest from us. I kept a weary eye out for snitching Ravenclaws, prefects (not that they'd dare sneak out to Hogsmeade), and Professors. 5

Fred made his way over minutes later two butterbeers in hand. He placed on in front of me, then sat across the table. I sipped my butterbeer and couldn't help but notice he hadn't touched his, and his eyes were still on me. He was staring. I willed myself not to turn red, when I was sure I wouldn't, I spoke.4

"Take a picture. It'll last longer."7

Fred, with a cunning grin, brought out a camera from pockets which he'd told me were exteded to fit various pranking tools, and took a picture. It spit out a picture of me laughing. The camera, enchanted to levitate, moved back and took another picture of the both of us and soon enough two copies of the picture appeared, one in my hand, on in Fred's.13

The picture was of the two of us, Fred had gone to wave, and knocked his butterbeer over and I started laughing. It started over again and again.+

Suddenly, I felt something cold on my leg. Fred's butterbeer was dripping of the table and through my robes. I cursed and stood up.9

"Oh, Merlin! Lily, I'm so, so, sorry," Fred continued to apologize while I cast a simple drying charm on the table and my robes. It was mostly successful, the only remnants of the butterbeer was a small stain in the wood of the table and a dampness in my robes.+

"It's okay Fred, wait here, I'll go get you a new butterbeer."+

"No, I'll go," Fred stood hastily and ran over to the counter.3

While Fred was gone I pulled out the picture of the two of us again and smiled. I watched as the photo replayed the picture of the scene repeatedly. When Fred got back with a new butterbeer, I stuffed the photo into the pocket of my robes and paid attention to the boy in front of me.7

We were at The Three Broomsticks for a while before we stood and left. We'd lost track of time and had been talking and laughing for hours.+

We walked back out into the cold November air and Fred pulled me into his side again. I snuggled into him as we started the trek back to the castle. The snow started to fall lightly, forming a thin white sheet on the ground.12

I was unaware of the camera that followed behind us until we arrived at the castle and Fred handed me a picture of our retreating backs. His arm was wrapped around me as I was held by his side, my arms holding his. The snow fell around the two of us as we walked, and you could see the castle in the distance. I added this picture to my pocket as well as we entered the castle. 34

We entered the castle and were back in the warmth of the halls. As it always was, the kindness we'd shared in Hogsmeade was replaced with bickering in no time.3

I awoke peacefully the next morning. That didn't last long though, as I remembered the event that would be occurring in a matter of hours. I started to shake as I walked over to the bathroom. I looked up into the mirror and saw I was a sickly green. I couldn't let the Gryffindors see me like this. I calmed myself, and willed my face go back to its normal colour. Unsure whether or not my metamorphagus powers had assisted in returning normal colour to my face, I smiled and got dressed in my Quidditch robes so I could head straight to the pitch after breakfast.4

I walked up to the Great Hall and headed over to the Slytherin table. The chatter in the Hall was loud, everyone was talking about today's upcoming match, Slytherin vs. Gryffindor. People were arguing, or even making bets, over who would win. I'd already bet Fred a galleon we would win.9

I made my way over to the end of the Slytherin table, where the rest of the team was seated. I smiled sadly at my friends, letting them know I had to go over. When Harry arrived, he did the same, going over to his team. I arrived at the end of the table, where Marcus, and most of the team were smirking evilly at the Gryffindors, I knew they didn't play fair. +

I sat silently and ate my breakfast. I wasn't necessarily going to play fair, but I sure wasn't going to go and let then hurt my brother. I watched as they mocked the Gryffindors from afar, and I looked sadly at Harry and the twins. It wasn't long, though, before talking to my Slytherin teammates soon put me in a taunting mood, and I soon smirked at Fred and held up one, shining galleon, and twirled it over in my hands.1

We all finished breakfast quickly, and headed down the pitch. We were all dressed for the game already, but headed to our dressing room regardless. We sat impatiently awaiting Flint's instructions.+

"Okay guys," he started, "we've been training hard for the past four days. All the time we've had to train our new seeker. I think we've done extremely well, and we can easily kick some Gryffindor arse!"1

The whole team put one fist in the air and hollered loudly.+

"Wait!" I called as the team was about to walk out.+

The team turned around to look at me, I hadn't moved a muscle. I was still leaning against the wall, my arms crossed and one foot crossed over the other. I stood, but didn't uncross my arms.4

"Do not hurt Harry," I sneered.26

"But-"+

I raised one eyebrow, looking Lazzaro straight in the eye, daring him to challenge me. His eye narrowed, but dropped it after a glare from Flint.+

"Fine."+

The team huffed and I received a few glares, but no one argued. Marcus raised his eyebrows but didn't question. I knew it was simply because he didn't want to lose his seeker. Satisfied that Harry was safe, I nodded curtly.8

We walked over to the doors, brooms in hand. My sleek, shining, Nimbus 2000 stood out broadly against the old school brooms, and even the few brooms that'd been brought from home. The doors opened and the seven of us flew up high into the air and cheered. The Slytherins cheered with us. We dropped back down and took our places in the starting position.1

"Now, I want a nice clean game from all of you," Madame Hootch declared. I huffed- like that would happen. Her words, as I thought they would, received a few subtle eye rolls and quiet snickers from both teams.1

She opened the crate and released the snitch. It flew in front of my face and went around my head; it then flew over to Harry and did the same before shooting off elsewhere into the field. Hootch then released the bludgers and seconds after that, threw the quaffle into the air. So the game began.+

I flew straight up into the air and started to circle the pitch. I watched as Gryffindor scored and received ten points. I cursed and searched harder, but no luck. Gryffindor quickly got another score. I looked to Flint who didn't look happy. He flew away from the goalposts and took the beaters bat off Grayson Miller.+

Marcus took the bat and flew off towards the bludger. The ball flew towards him and he swung the bat, the ball hitting Gryffindors keeper, Oliver Wood. Wood, now unconscious, fell to the sand beneath the posts and hit the ground with a thud. I flinched slightly and watched as Harry gave Flint a death glare. I looked at Harry, then Oliver, shook my head and flew off.7

I continued to circle the pitch, as our team scored twice, earning us 20 points when I saw Harry racing through the pitch. I flew after him and we were neck and neck when suddenly both our brooms stopped. The suddenness of it nearly caused me to lurch forward off the broom.+

I tried to urge my broom forward but it wouldn't move. Suddenly both brooms jerked catching me by surprise. I nearly fell off my broom. I held on as the broom continued to jerk side to side, up and down. It was like the broom was trying to throw me off. It nearly succeeded. I flew off the broom holding on by just my hands. The broom was still flying this way and that. Harry was still on his broom and watching me helplessly.26

"Hold on Lily!" he yelled at me.+

"You think?" I replied sarcasm dripping off my tongue like venom.10

Harry glared and in that one moment of distraction he was jerked off his broom. He reached out to grab it but missed. We were over 30 feet in the air, if Harry fell, it wouldn't be pretty. I quickly reached out and grabbed him with one hand. He reached out and caught his Nimbus 2000 with his other hand. Now, it was a chain. With one hand, I held the jerking broom, with the other I held Harry. Harry, with one hand held me, with the other held his Nimbus. My grip on the broom loosened as it flew sharply to the side and I slipped.+

My eyes were closed as I tumbled through the air. Most people would've been screaming, but I was silent. I still had Harry's hand as we continued to fall. Suddenly we stopped. I thought maybe it just felt like we stopped and we were really still falling, or we'd already hit the ground, maybe we died; I didn't want to open my eyes and find out which one of my scenarios was right, but I did. I opened my eyes to see Adrian Pucey holding Harry up by his robes.14

"Oh thank Merlin himself!" I cheered.+

"Hey I did this for you seeker, but all I could reach was this Gryffindor here," Adrian laughed, with a nod gesturing toward Harry's scarlet robes.+

Harry climbed back on his broom and held onto me. A Gryffindor chaser, Bell I think she was called, handed me my Nimbus. +

"In return for your chaser saving our seeker," she grinned.9

As soon as I'd climbed back onto the broom, it started bucking again. I held on with all my might, not wanting to fall again. We never did though. I held on for another three minutes, according to the watch I'd stolen from Dudley, when the broom was still. I held tight for a moment suspiciously but when it didn't jerk again, I flew off.3

I was circling the pitch quickly, when I saw a flash of gold. I flew towards it and Harry quickly caught up. We were side by side, both of us trying to catch the golden snitch before the other. The snitch circled the pitch four times before it stopped. The snitch went down Harry and I followed, the snitch went so low, it nearly hit the ground. Harry went down and pulled up right on time. I on the other hand was not so lucky. I grabbed the handle of the broom and tried as hard as I could to pull the broom back into a horizontal position, but I wasn't fast enough. My broom crashed into the ground and I hit with a pop and a crack.12

Harry, Hermione, Ron, Sydney and I were heading up to the Gryffindor common room after classes. We just had to walk up the seemingly hundreds of flights of stair cases. Whenwe were on our third staircase we got quite the surprise. Harry stepped onto the staircase, followed by Sydney, Hermione, Ron, and then me. As soon as I'd stepped on, it jerked. The staircase was starting to move.+

"What's going on?" Ron whimpered.+

"The staircase is changing, haven't you noticed?" I said sarcastically, rolling my eyes.7

The staircase stopped at a doorway, leading to another hall. The door was like any other door of the castle, but was the only way off the staircase at the moment. I glanced back to the corridor we should have ended up at.+

"Let's get off, before the staircase changes again," suggested Hermione.+

We all stepped off the staircase. As soon as my foot left the staircase the stairs moved again and went back to their original position. I huffed as I watched students head, without trouble, toward the Gryffindor common room.+

"Come on," Harry muttered pushing the door open.+

We entered a dark hallway. As soon as we stepped in, a torch lit itself. There were a bunch of creepy statues covered in cobwebs. I was looking around the stone room when I heard a meow from behind me. I jumped about my eyes and hair turned bright orange like Weasley hair.+

"Lily! Harry's not your twin! Ron is!" Sydney laughed.6

I glared and shifted back to my normal appearance. I'd been losing control of my Metamorphmagus powers, more and more my hair and eyes changed colour to reflect strong emotions. Hermione had insisted it was only because I was getting more in touch with my magic side, after having left the Dursley's. I even had to get a colour wheel to see emotion I was feeling based on the colour. I knew what I was feeling now; Surprise.1

"Does anybody else feel like we shouldn't be here?" I asked, after forcing my hair back to red. I glanced around the room and shuddered.2

"We shouldn't be! Dumbledore said that at the opening ceremony!" said Hermione.+

"He did? When?" I said, attempting to think back to my first dinner at Hogwarts.+

"During his speech," said Hermione, frustrated.+

"I don't remember any of that!" I exclaimed.+

"You were zoned out Lil. I was watching you and you looked off in space," Harry explained. "And then after that you started talking to Sydney."4

My best friend and I shared a huge grin at the memory of out first day at Hogwarts.+

"What did he say?" I asked.+

"He said stay away from the third floor corridor unless you want to die a most painful death!" Hermione whisper yelled as if there were some great beast sleeping in the corridor.17

Before I could answer, movement in the corner of my eye caught my attention. A red eyed cat had slunk into the room. I knew the feline all too well, and I quickly turned back to the other four.+

"Guys it's Mrs. Norris!" I whispered.+

All four of my friends turned to see the red-eyed cat staring back at them. It meowed again. I had no clue as to how it got there, the staircase was gone. I was already set for three detentions, and I really didn't want a fourth.+

"We have to get moving, wherever that cat is Filch is!"Harry exclaimed.+

"Yeah, if we don't get out of here, we might just experience a most painful death anyway," I muttered.+

We ran down the creepy corridor, torches lit themselves on either side of the hall. We ran until we hit a door at the end. Ron went to open it but it was locked.+

"Move over!" Complained Hermione. "Alohomora!"2

The sound of a lock clicked and the door opened slightly.+

We all piled into the room and shut the door, watching through they keyhole into the corridor. Moments later Filch shuffled into the corridor, it was dark, the torches had gone out. Peering out a crack in the door, we watched as Filch looked around and, seeing nothing, walked out.+

"Phew," huffed Ron. "He probably thought this door was locked."+

"That's because it was locked Ronald," stated Hermione.+

"For a good reason," said a frightened Harry.7

We all turned to see what Harry was looking at. There was giant grey dog lying on the ground. It yawned and blinked once, before looking up at us... with all three of its heads. It let out a low growl then started barking and biting at us. The five of us screamed and ran from the room.5

We ran out of the corridor onto the stairs which were thankfully back. We ran down the staircase, and took a different route to the Gryffindor common room. We burst in, panting.11

Sydney, Harry, Ron and Hermione went to talk about the three headed dog in front of the fire. I stayed behind and went to talk to Fred, who was pouring over some homework with other third years.+

"Hey Freddy!" I called to Fred who was standing two feet in front of me.6

"Someone's in a loud mood," Fred chuckled.+

"I'm Hyper!" I yelled. "Let's go play Quidditch!"13

"Will you calm down?" Fred questioned, setting aside his homework.+

I nodded vigorously.+

"Then fine. Wait here." Fred went up to his dormitory.+

"Oi! Harry!" I shouted. "Can we borrow your broom? It'll be more fun if the brooms are fair."+

Harry just nodded and turned back to my three other friends. They were probably talking about the three headed dog. I was extremely curious but I needed to get it off my mind for the night or I'd be up 'til dawn.+

"Sydney want to come play?" I asked,+

"I'm tired Lily. Thanks," She replied.+

I shrugged and dashed up the boys dormitory stairs. I ran into Harry's dorm and didn't realize there'd be people in there. Seamus Finnigan stood there with no shirt on. My hair, my eyes and my face turned pink.42

"Uh... sorry. I need Harry's broom," I muttered looking down, forcing everything back to it's natural colour.+

"No problem," said the Irish boy with a laugh.1

I looked up and Seamus had a shirt on. I sighed thankfully. I walked past Seamus, waving a quick hello to Dean, over to Harry's bed and took his broom out from underneath.13

"You play?" I asked Seamus holding up the broom.+

"A bit," Seamus admitted.+

"Come on out and play sometime," I suggested, exiting. Seamus shrugged.5

I walked out and told Harry to tell Fred to meet me in the Entrance Hall,that I had a broom for him and I was just going to change. I ran to the Slytherin common room and put my green and silver Quidditch robes on I was just about to leave when I bumped into Marcus.+

"Hey Seeker. Going off to train?" he asked.+

"Yep," I said quickly trying to get through.+

"Mind if I come?"+

Christmas break had begun, and all our friends had gone home. It was just me, Harry and a bunch of students I hardly knew. Christmas was in two days and Harry and I were planning to ask Dumbledore if the castle had any extra rooms so we could spend Christmas together. We were in the Girls dormitory of the Slytherin common room, as all of the girls in my dormitory had left for the holidays. It had taken ten minutes figuring out how to get Harry up (which had ended in me levitating him a foot off the ground).7

We were looking at all the pictures taped to the wall above my bed. There was a least thirty there already, and I was planning to add some Christmas ones too. There was a picture of the Slytherin Quidditch team, one of the Gryffindor Quidditch team with myself having joined them for training, the ones of me and Fred from Hogsmade, a bunch of me and Harry in the schoolyard, some of all my friends at lunch, a few of me with my Slytherin friends in the common room, and a lot more. Some were moving, some not.1

"Harry let's go now. It's ten minutes until curfew," I informed.+

Harry agreed and stood up out of my bed and waited for me. Once I'd stood he walked over to the staircase, and forgetting as soon as he stepped on, it would turn into a slide, stepped on and fell to the bottom. I slid down after him and laughed at him when I got to the bottom. He pouted.+

We exited the Slytherin common and much to my displeasure, ran into Flint. I was still mad at him for 'not letting me associate with the Gryffindor Quidditch team'. He wasn't the boss of me. He glared at Harry.+

"Shove off Flint," I spat, attempting to push past him.+

"Or what?" he challenged.9

I punched Flint the face, deciding on the muggle way in getting him to leave me alone. He fell to the ground looking stunned. I pulled out my wand and levitated him and left him hanging in the air by the door. I figured he'd fall as soon as I got too far to concentrate my magic.14

Harry and I ran off and stopped as soon as we were out of Flint's sight. I heard a loud thud indicating that my charm had stopped working. Harry laughed loudly and high fived me, the cunning side of him coming out.+

"That was hilarious! But you didn't need to do that," he disciplined, unable to keep the grin off his face as he did so. "You don't want a detention on Christmas break."+

"Flint is a git. If I do get a detention it was worth it," I laughed. "Now, weren't we heading to Dumbledore's office?"23

"Right," Harry said, he looked at me sideways. "Race you?"+

"Oh you're on," we stood beside each other, prepared to run. "3, 2, 1, Go!"+

Harry and I took off running full speed through the halls up a few stair cases and down more corridors. We both had speed we'd developed after years of running from the Dursleys- particularly Dudley. If we didn't have speed when we were young, we had bruises and black eyes instead. We were getting really close to Dumbledore's office before a voice sounded behind us.1

"Potter! Potter!" said a deep voice.+

Harry and I skidded to a stop and spun around to find Snape standing behind us, the usual cold look visible in his eyes. I glared back. He marched straight up to us, towering at least a foot over the both of us. I scowled. +

"Snape," I spat.+

"That's, Professor Snape to you Potter," he drawled looking me in the eye. He turned to Harry.+

"Mr. Potter, do not run in the halls, 10 points from Gryffindor. I would give you detention but since it's Christmas break, much to my dissatisfaction, I cannot. Now get out of my sight!" Harry and I walked quickly away from Snape not daring to run.+

"How come he only took points away from me?!" Harry expressed as soon as we were out of earshot.+

I puffed out my chest and pointed to my Slytherin insignia. "I'm in Slytherin. Snape never takes points away from Slytherin."4

Harry huffed.+

"The race isn't over you know," my eyes gleamed. "3, 2, 1, Go!"+

Harry and I took off the rest of the distance to Dumbledore's office. Snape having gone the other way, I wasn't worried about running into him again. Much to my pleasure I got there first and I jumped to touch the Gargoyle, who scowled.2

"Ha! I win!" I cheered.+

"Whatever, let's just go," he turned to the gargoyle. "I don't know the Password. Could you at least let Professor Dumbledore know that Harry and Lily Potter are here?"+

The Gargoyle looked at Harry, but didn't respond. I could hardly believe that a stone monster was giving us the silent treatment. Knowing exactly what Dumbledore's passwords usually were, I smirked and said all the candies I could possibly think of. I seemed to hit the right one at some point, because the stone gargoyle moved to the side revealing a staircase. Dumbledore's passwords really weren't very protective. Harry and I climbed up and Harry knocked on the wooden door.6

"Enter," Dumbledore's voice floated from inside the office.+

Harry and I entered to find Dumbledore sitting at his desk. I looked around the room glancing at all the little magical gadgets. I saw the sorting hat sitting on a shelf. I remember throwing the hat at the sorting ceremony and felt bad. I looked at Dumbledore as if asking for permission. He nodded and I walked over to the hat.+

"Miss Potter," it said.+

"Sorry, for you know... err, throwing you," I admitted.5

"You didn't like Slytherin, you didn't like my decision."+

"Sorry about that," I said sheepishly.+

"The sorting hat is always right. Do you like your house?"29

I nodded.+

"Right," said that hat, and went back to sleep.2

I walked back over to Harry and Professor Dumbledore, who'd been watching me the whole time. Dumbledore had a twinkle in his eye.4

"You are liking Slytherin then Lily?" He asked+

"Yes Sir," I responded politely not wanting to lessen the chances of staying with Harry Christmas eve.+

"Good. You're bringing two rival houses closer. With the exception of some students," he added.+

"Thank you, Sir."+

"What are you two children doing here during this festive season?" he asked, regarding the matter at hand.+

"Well Sir, we were wondering-" Harry started.+

"-if you had any extra rooms we could use-" I continued.+

"-so we could be together for Christmas-"+

"- seeing as we aren't in the same house."+

I see you've taken a trick or two out of the Weasley's book. No?" Dumbledore asked4

"Yes, sir," Harry and I said together.+

"Well, you are supposed to stay in your common rooms, but I suppose we could bend the rules a tad."+

"Thank you sir."+

"Follow me; I'll direct you to the room you'll be in for Christmas eve, and Christmas morning. Unless you'd like to stay there for the rest of the Holiday break."3

I missed the mirror. I missed seeing my parents, just standing silently, with me and Harry. But I knew it was good it was gone. If I was going this crazy from seeing it four times, I knew if I'd seen it more, I would've gone mad. Sydney still looked haunted, a week later.6

We still had no information on Flamel. We were down in the library looking for him again. We hadn't seen Hermione in almost a half hour, we soon saw her come out from behind a tall bookshelf.+

"I knew I'd seen his name somewhere before!" she exclaimed slamming a huge book down on the table.+

"I checked this book out weeks ago for some light reading."1

"Light reading? You call that light?" Ron questioned. He took the tape he'd used to measure his Charms essay to measure the thickness of the book. Hermione slapped his hands away.4

"Check this out," said Hermione, flipping it open roughly, narrowly missing Ron's fingers. "Nicholas Flamel is the only maker of the Philosopher's Stone!"+

"What's the Philosopher's Stone?" asked Ron. I wouldn't admit that I was going to ask the same.+

"It says here: The ancient study of alchemy is concerned with making the Philosopher's Stone, a legendary substance with astonishing powers. The Stone will transform any metal into pure gold. It also produces the Elixir of Life, which will make the drinker immortal. That's what's through the trapdoor. That's what Fluffy's guarding."7

"Why does the school need to protect the Philosopher's Stone?" Ron asked.+

"Remember that vault that was robbed from Gringott's?" asked Harry, we all nodded eagerly. "Hargid had taken us to that vault that day. He took out a small box, said it was Hogwarts business."+

"This was after I'd fallen asleep?" I asked. Harry nodded.+

"What d'you mean 'fallen asleep'? You slept in a Gringotts cart?" Sydney asked.+

I brightened. This was the first time she'd spoken in a week, without being asked a question. She looked at me with amused eyes. This was the happiest I'd seen her in a week, and the simple smile on her face made my spirits rise.+

"Yes, I slept in a Gringotts cart. I hadn't gotten any sleep the night before!" I laughed. "Learning you're magic takes that away! Not to mention the Dursleys made us sleep on the stone floor. It wasn't too comfortable."+

We left the library feeling a great sense of accomplishment. We'd finally figured out who Flamel was, and what was through the trapdoor. On top of that Sydney seemed to be over the mirror, and was back to her happy self.+

"Hey guys, I'm going to get my book back. Snape took it yesterday," Harry said walking the other direction.+

"I'll come!" I decided and ran to meet up with Harry.+

"You don't have to," Harry groaned.+

"You'll get in less trouble with a Slytherin with you," I told him, and he agreed.+

We walked to the halls into the dungeons, where Snape's office was. Harry reached out and knocked twice on the door. It swung open and Snape stood there, moving his cloak away from his leg, where there was a giant gash. His head snapped up at the sound of the door creaking.2

"Potter! Get out! Get out!" he yelled angrily.+

Harry and I ran back to the Gryffindor common room, and burst in panting. Three heads popped up from the other side of the couch and looked at us. Two sets of brown eyes and the one set of blue became confused when they took in our startled expressions.9

"Snape tried to get past Fluffy! He didn't make it though, his leg was bleeding badly. He yelled at us to get out before we could do anything else," I informed.+

Then Harry spoke up. "Let's take a visit to Hagrid's.+

So we ran through the castle to the Entrance Hall doors. Soon, we hit the cool air of the moonlit grounds. We ran down to Hagrid's and knocked frantically on his front door. His pulled it open slightly and stuck his head out.+

"Oh, s'you guys. Not that I'm not glad to see yeh, or anythin'. But I'm very busy at the momen'," Hagrid said, shutting the door.+

"We know about the Philosopher's Stone!"We all yelled.1

"Shhh! Okay, c'mon in," Hagrid gave in, opening the door wider.1

We walked up the steps, into Hagrid's hut. He shut the door behind us and looked at us sternly, well, as stern as Hagrid could get. He sighed eventually, shutting the door behind us as we took seats around the table in the small kitchen.+

"How d'you all, know 'bout the Stone?" Hagrid asked.+

"Snape's going try and steal it!" Harry yelled louder than necessary.+

"Snape? Nonsense! Professor Snape, is one of the teachers protecting the Stone," Hagrid expressed.+

"He got bit trying to get past Fluffy!" I argued.1

"Well Professor Snape-"+

Hagrid was cut off by and odd cracking sound, emitting from inside the fireplace. We all looked over to see a dark shape shaking in the fire. I could see that it was a spherical shape, but the flames, and not to mention Harry's head, blocked my view so that I couldn't identify it.+

"Bloody hell! That's a dragon's egg," Ron informed. Merlin's Beard! When did Ron grow a brain?51

Hagrid put on a thick pair of gloves and retrieved the egg from the fire. He then placed it carefully on the table where it continued to shake. The egg gave a final shudder, and exploded.  All that remained was a small dragon on the table.+

"A'int  'e the cutest thing?" Hagrid asked rubbing the small dragon on the head.+

"Hagrid," I said, studying the dragon a moment. "That's a Norwegian Ridgeback. One of the more dangerous breeds of dragons."2

"Cutest thing isn't he? I think I'll call him Norbert."11

Studying the dragon another moment almost made me laugh aloud. Norbert the Norwegian Ridgeback was actually a female. I relayed the information to Sydney quietly, and she suppressed a snort.5

We all stared at the small dragon, which appeared to be strutting around the table to show off it's brown scales and spiked tail. More than once it set Hagrid's beard on fire. Hagrid just laughed it off.+

Through my shock though, I was amazed, just as I was by all magical beasts. My hand reached out to touch the small dragon, but I recoiled when a small burst of flames spurt from the dragons mouth. I chuckled.+

"Troublemaker," I said, patting her head.+

"Who's 'at?" Hagrid asked, pointing at the window.+

I recognize those evil blue eyes, dark hair and smug smirk anywhere. Ryker Bertram was watching us from the window. His eyes widened once he realized he'd been seen, and he ran off toward the castle.18

"Oh no," Hagrid said, now worried.+

The five of us ran up to the castle as fast as possible and sneaked through the halls. We debated whether we should find Bertram, or just get to our common rooms as fast as possible. There was no sign of Bertram, or any Professor, anywhere.5

"I don't get it. Is Bertram seeing us a bad thing?" Ron questioned stupidly.2

"That's a very bad thing," Harry was frozen in place, staring ahead.+

         

We met at the Gryffindor common room late that night. Ron, Hermione, and Harry sat nervously in front of the fire, waiting for me and Sydney to arrive. Sydney and I entered quietly, and the portrait closed silently behind us.+

"Hey guys," I said quietly.+

Hermione whipped around quickly, jumping up out of her seat. I raised my hands in surrender. Hermione's face flushed brightly, as she relaxed again. Harry and Ron stood up behind her, gathering the cloak from the couch on which they'd been sitting.

"Sorry," Sydney muttered. "Didn't mean to startle you."+

I leaned against the wall when no one made any move to leave the common room. Even I was quiet, and that didn't happen often. My hair was slowly streaking white, in what I was sure was a fear I couldn't push back.2

"We, should go down now," I whispered. Another streak of white overpowered red.+

"No," squeaked a small voice from behind us. "You won't lose more points from Gryffindor. You won't leave. I-I'll... I'll fight you."43

Neville Longbottom stood at the bottom of the boy's dormitory staircase. He ran over and stood in front of the portrait hole. He shakily raised his wand, pointed towards us. I knew there was no way he could defend against all of us; he probably could take any one of us, but I couldn't even manage a smirk.+

"Neville I'm sorry about this," Hermione said guilty, pointing her wand at Longbottom. "Pertrificus Totalus!"+

Neville straightened. His arms locked at his sides and his legs locked together. I'd never yet seen anyone use a limb locking curse on another person, and I felt some of the nervousness I held ebb away. His eyes stayed wide open as he fell, and they continued to follow us as we walked by him out the door.+

"Sorry," Hermione muttered as she passed Neville on the way to the door.2

Ron repeated the action, simply stepping over Neville and muttering an apology. Harry, being the good Samaritan he often was, picked Neville up off the floor, dragged him over to the side of the room, and leaned him up against the wall. +

"Sorry Neville," Harry said guiltily, not looking at his eyes.+

Sydney and I slunk by quietly, but by the look in Neville's eyes, he didn't miss the smirk now plastered onto our faces. My hair turned less white, the red taking over a little more. I regained full control of my metamorphmagus powers, and shook my head, letting my hair turn all red.+

Once out in the hall, Harry pulled the invisibility cloak out from under his robes, and threw it over all five of us. We walked silently through the halls, thankfully not passing any Professors. I suddenly felt a sharp pain in my foot.+

"Ronald!" I whisper yelled, my eyes going red as I turned to face him.19

"M'srry," Ron muttered.6

We continued through the silent corridors, Ron was treading carefully to avoid my feet. It was quite difficult to hide us all under the cloak, but we managed. We quickly arrived at the door, at the end of the third floor corridor. Hermione took a shaky breath.+

"Alohamora!" She whispered.+

We stepped into the room nervously, the door slamming shut behind us. We threw the cloak off to the side, then reluctantly turned to look at the three headed dog. It was fast asleep, only then did I notice the harp playing softly in the background.+

"Snape's gone through already, Let's go," Harry said quickly.9

It took all of us to lift the dogs massive grey paw from the floor. It took even more strength to life it and move it off the top of the trapdoor. We all jumped when he snorted in his sleep. It was minutes before the door was open.+

"I'll go first. I'll call if it's safe, if not, go get McGonagall," I said, leaning over the trapdoor and glancing down into the seemingly never-ending darkness.+

"No! Lil-" Harry was too late.+

I'd flung myself through the hole in the floor, before Harry could even suggest stopping me. But he'd grabbed onto the back of my robes as I tossed myself through. Harry landed on top of me as we hit the bottom. It was covered in thick green plants. Harry rolled off me and let out groan as he fell down beside me.+

"The harp's stopped!" I heard Hermione's voice travel downwards towards Harry and me.+

I heard screaming, starting far, and getting close. Harry and I glanced at each other for a brief moment, before we managed to scramble out of the way. Ron, Hermione and Sydney each landed with a thud. Sydney clutched the arm she'd landed on and I saw her jaw set tight.+

"You okay there, Syd?" I questioned.+

"I think I broke my arm," Sydney replied keeping her voice level.+

"I don't think we can do anything now. None of us know any healing spells," Hermione informed. "We wouldn't want to risk making it any worse."3

Sydney groaned and fell back against the soft plants. Just as I was about to ask Hermione just what it was we were sitting on, the plant sprouted vines and started to close around us. We all started to struggle to free our quickly trapped limbs. Hermione was the only one who managed to escape before getting trapped.+

 "Stop struggling! It'll only kill you faster," she stated. "It's Devil's Snare!"1

"Kill us faster?!" Ron started to struggle more.15

"Relax," Hermione insisted.+

Trusting Hermione, the smartest of us all, we all obeyed. True, the vines began to tug less at our arms and legs. They persisted, however, and we sunk into the vines still. The only thing I personally could remember Professor Sprout saying about Devil's Snare was that it suffocated people. That made me want to struggle as much as Ron was, but I resisted.+

"Devil's snare... what did Professor Sprout say? Devil's Snare, Devil's Snare. It's deadly fun... but will sulk in the sun!" Hermione recited.+

"Light a fire then!" Harry suggested, as he lost all control of his arm when a vine wrapped around his wrist.2

"Hurry up, Hermione!" Just as I said this, a vine reached out from the depths of the plant and wound themselves so tight around my chest that I was forced to exhale, and it was suddenly impossible to inhale. I tried to gasp for air.+

"There's no wood," Hermione said sadly.39

"Are you a bloody witch or not?" Sydney said, even in the situation finding it appropriate to accompany her question with her trademark eye roll.11

"Oh! Yes of course!" Hermione muttered. "Lumos Solem!"+

The plant recoiled, pushing into the walls. I gasped sharply, feeling the glorious feeling of air re-entering my lungs. We all scrambled to our feet quickly, except for Ron. Ron, who was still lying on the hard stone floor, was panting still after exerting all his energy in fighting the plants, which Hermione had told him many times not to do. He saw the four of us looking down on him, and hopped up quickly.+

"Good thing we didn't panic then," he said quickly.29

No one responded to his comment as we moved on to the next room. Sydney pushed the door open softly, and revealed the room ahead. The first thing I noticed was the fluttering sound of wings. It reminded me of the Golden Snitch, but it sounded as if there were thousands of them. When I opened the door, I almost expected there to be just that. Instead, I found something much more surprising.9

           +

I woke up to someone shaking me early the next morning. Harry stood over me, covered in bandages, and smiling. I grinned back, rubbing the sleep out of my eyes and sitting up. I let Harry hug me tightly.+

"We did it, Lily," he said, voice laced with excitement. I had to laugh.+

We didn't say anything for a few moments. Sydney and Ron had both been let out already, judging by their empty cots. I longed to be released as well, and I would have asked, practically begged, to be let out, but Madam Pomfrey was nowhere to be seen.+

"Is that Sadie?" Harry said suddenly, pointing to a cot behind me.+

Sure enough, Sadie lay restrained to one of the cots behind me. I growled and ran over, my hair and eyes red. Sadie was already awake. I glowered and whipped my wand from my robes, preparing to hit her with a few stinging jinxes.+

"Miss. Potter!" McGonagall strode over to me, while Dumbledore went to Harry. I stuffed my wand back into my robes, cursing myself for being caught.+

McGonagall led me into the hallway outside the hospital wing, to allow both Dumbledore and Harry, and her and me, to have some privacy. I leaned against the wall. McGonagall's lips were thin, but seemed to be curled up into a nearly undetectable smile.+

"Did you get Madame Pomfrey to at least check the injuries?" she asked, eyeing the cuts, bruises and the one big gash streaked across my face.+

"You of all people, should know I didn't," I replied, eyeing Sadie with loathing through the window on the door. McGonagall led me further away from the door upon noticing this. "Why isn't Dumbledore interrogating me?" +

"I think we both know the answer to that. Don't make it so obvious that you don't like him Lily, he may be offended," McGonagall said with a tiny smirk that was rare on the Gryffindor head of House,+

"It's that obvious?" I said embarrassed, face getting red.6

"A little. Now what happened three nights ago?" McGonagall asked, coaxing the story out of me.+

"Three nights?!" I exclaimed, suddenly very shocked.+

"Yes, three nights ago. You and Harry have both been out for three days. I expect your friends will be very happy to hear of your return. Now, you were going to tell me the events of the night in the underground chambers of Hogwarts."4

I told her everything. From finding Fluffy, to getting the answers from Hagrid, to thinking it was Snape, all the way to Sadie whose name I spat like it was venom. I'd broken rule after rule after rule, and I was vaguely aware I could get detention for the rest of my time at Hogwarts.+

"Why couldn't Quirrell stand our touch?" I asked, remembering the way his face crumbled to dust beneath my hand.+

"The night your parents... died, the love your mother showed, it left a mark."+

I raised my cut hand up to my forehead and lay two fingers on my scar. I winced and quickly with drawled my hand as it brushed the cut Sadie had left, I burned at the touch, and the whole thing now throbbed.+

"No not a mark you can see. It runs in your blood. It wasn't Quirrell that couldn't touch you, it was Voldemort, that couldn't," McGonagall informed. "Now let's fix this."3

With a wave of her wand, all the bruises left by the falling stone were gone, along with the small cuts. Some of the bigger cuts were bandaged, but were healing quickly. The giant slash was still streaked across my face. McGonagall tried multiple spells, but none worked.+

"What happened here?" McGonagall asked.+

"Sadie," I growled, my eyes and hair going bright red at the thought of her.+

"It's dark magic," McGonagall muttered wide eyed. "It'll have to heal on its own, but I don't think it'll scar."6

I breathed a sigh of relief. +

"Keep some of those things to yourself. About our 'little adventure'," I laughed. "I don't want to get Hagrid, or any of us in trouble... unless you plan on giving us six years worth of detention, starting next September."1

"I do not, and your secrets are safe with me," she answered. "Don't tell anyone I can be nice. That's supposed to be Dumbledore, I'll lose control of the students."7

"It's a deal," I smirked.+

I found myself suddenly glancing longingly at the hospital wing doors behind McGonagall. I had not yet been able to talk to Harry, except for the few words he offered right after we woke up. I guessed we probably both had a lot to say.3

"Go on," McGonagall said gesturing to the door.+

"Thanks," I said with a genuine smile. "See you around, Prof."+

I pushed the double doors and came face to face with Dumbledore. He was a mere two feet away from me, too close for my liking. I took a step back away from the wizard I was thankful that I had gotten out of talking to.+

"Hello Miss Potter," Dumbledore greeted.+

"Headmaster," I replied, craning my neck around him, to get a look at Harry.+

"I heard you had quite the incident down there," he said with an annoying twinkle in his eye.13

"Yes, Headmaster," I said, not really wanting to be rude, but also not wanting to be talking to him, especially at the moment.+

"You two must have been quite brave down there."2

"I suppose so. Harry is much braver than I, though. Headmaster, may I go speak to him?"+

Dumbledore didn't speak, but granted me entrance to the hospital wing by stepping aside. Iran over to Harry and jumped onto his bed. I wrapped him into a hug, and we stayed like that for a while.6

"What's wrong with that cut on your face? Why won't they heal it?" Harry asked worriedly.+

"Sadie used dark magic," I muttered. "It'll heal eventually; we just have to let it heal itself."+

Harry his head in disbelief at the Slytherin who we thought was our friend. We looked at her across the room, only to find her staring back at us, her blue eyes holding dark hatred. Harry and I killed her father. Then it really sunk in. We killed a man. Just by laying our hands on his face, Harry and I had killed Quirrell. 2

"I can't believe it," I whispered. "She seemed like such a good friend."+

"I'm going to go to the dormitory and just..." I trailed of looking back at Sadie's hate filled eyes and sighed.+

Harry released me from the hug he had me in and I trudged slowly through the halls, not speaking to anyone. I felt the weight of the world piled on my shoulders. Hatred for Sadie, sadness that I'd lost a friend, happiness that this was all over, and guilt knowing I killed someone, all these emotions surged through me, making it quite difficult to keep my metamorphmagus powers in check. Just like I had in the chambers three nights previous, I pushed the sadness away and let anger replace it. It was much easier to handle.1

I eventually arrived in the green glow of the common room, and I basked in the familiarity and comfort of the room. I walked up the stairs to the dormitory and just stood in the doorway. Sadie's, bed and belongings were still piled up next to mine and it haunted me with memories. Every good memory we had together hit me hard, as much as I didn't want to let it.+

Harry Potter's Twin Sister and the Chamber of Secrets is up!3

Thank you to all who followed me throughout the whole book and I hope you like the second one as much as you liked this one (you liked this one, right?). 11

Thank you again for reading, and I hope you like the next book!+

-Bookworm332000+

         

We met at the Gryffindor common room late that night. Ron, Hermione, and Harry sat nervously in front of the fire, waiting for me and Sydney to arrive. Sydney and I entered quietly, and the portrait closed silently behind us.+

"Hey guys," I said quietly.+

Hermione whipped around quickly, jumping up out of her seat. I raised my hands in surrender. Hermione's face flushed brightly, as she relaxed again. Harry and Ron stood up behind her, gathering the cloak from the couch on which they'd been sitting.

"Sorry," Sydney muttered. "Didn't mean to startle you."+

I leaned against the wall when no one made any move to leave the common room. Even I was quiet, and that didn't happen often. My hair was slowly streaking white, in what I was sure was a fear I couldn't push back.2

"We, should go down now," I whispered. Another streak of white overpowered red.+

"No," squeaked a small voice from behind us. "You won't lose more points from Gryffindor. You won't leave. I-I'll... I'll fight you."43

Neville Longbottom stood at the bottom of the boy's dormitory staircase. He ran over and stood in front of the portrait hole. He shakily raised his wand, pointed towards us. I knew there was no way he could defend against all of us; he probably could take any one of us, but I couldn't even manage a smirk.+

"Neville I'm sorry about this," Hermione said guilty, pointing her wand at Longbottom. "Pertrificus Totalus!"+

Neville straightened. His arms locked at his sides and his legs locked together. I'd never yet seen anyone use a limb locking curse on another person, and I felt some of the nervousness I held ebb away. His eyes stayed wide open as he fell, and they continued to follow us as we walked by him out the door.+

"Sorry," Hermione muttered as she passed Neville on the way to the door.2

Ron repeated the action, simply stepping over Neville and muttering an apology. Harry, being the good Samaritan he often was, picked Neville up off the floor, dragged him over to the side of the room, and leaned him up against the wall. +

"Sorry Neville," Harry said guiltily, not looking at his eyes.+

Sydney and I slunk by quietly, but by the look in Neville's eyes, he didn't miss the smirk now plastered onto our faces. My hair turned less white, the red taking over a little more. I regained full control of my metamorphmagus powers, and shook my head, letting my hair turn all red.+

Once out in the hall, Harry pulled the invisibility cloak out from under his robes, and threw it over all five of us. We walked silently through the halls, thankfully not passing any Professors. I suddenly felt a sharp pain in my foot.+

"Ronald!" I whisper yelled, my eyes going red as I turned to face him.19

"M'srry," Ron muttered.6

We continued through the silent corridors, Ron was treading carefully to avoid my feet. It was quite difficult to hide us all under the cloak, but we managed. We quickly arrived at the door, at the end of the third floor corridor. Hermione took a shaky breath.+

"Alohamora!" She whispered.+

We stepped into the room nervously, the door slamming shut behind us. We threw the cloak off to the side, then reluctantly turned to look at the three headed dog. It was fast asleep, only then did I notice the harp playing softly in the background.+

"Snape's gone through already, Let's go," Harry said quickly.9

It took all of us to lift the dogs massive grey paw from the floor. It took even more strength to life it and move it off the top of the trapdoor. We all jumped when he snorted in his sleep. It was minutes before the door was open.+

"I'll go first. I'll call if it's safe, if not, go get McGonagall," I said, leaning over the trapdoor and glancing down into the seemingly never-ending darkness.+

"No! Lil-" Harry was too late.+

I'd flung myself through the hole in the floor, before Harry could even suggest stopping me. But he'd grabbed onto the back of my robes as I tossed myself through. Harry landed on top of me as we hit the bottom. It was covered in thick green plants. Harry rolled off me and let out groan as he fell down beside me.+

"The harp's stopped!" I heard Hermione's voice travel downwards towards Harry and me.+

I heard screaming, starting far, and getting close. Harry and I glanced at each other for a brief moment, before we managed to scramble out of the way. Ron, Hermione and Sydney each landed with a thud. Sydney clutched the arm she'd landed on and I saw her jaw set tight.+

"You okay there, Syd?" I questioned.+

"I think I broke my arm," Sydney replied keeping her voice level.+

"I don't think we can do anything now. None of us know any healing spells," Hermione informed. "We wouldn't want to risk making it any worse."3

Sydney groaned and fell back against the soft plants. Just as I was about to ask Hermione just what it was we were sitting on, the plant sprouted vines and started to close around us. We all started to struggle to free our quickly trapped limbs. Hermione was the only one who managed to escape before getting trapped.+

 "Stop struggling! It'll only kill you faster," she stated. "It's Devil's Snare!"1

"Kill us faster?!" Ron started to struggle more.15

"Relax," Hermione insisted.+

Trusting Hermione, the smartest of us all, we all obeyed. True, the vines began to tug less at our arms and legs. They persisted, however, and we sunk into the vines still. The only thing I personally could remember Professor Sprout saying about Devil's Snare was that it suffocated people. That made me want to struggle as much as Ron was, but I resisted.+

"Devil's snare... what did Professor Sprout say? Devil's Snare, Devil's Snare. It's deadly fun... but will sulk in the sun!" Hermione recited.+

"Light a fire then!" Harry suggested, as he lost all control of his arm when a vine wrapped around his wrist.2

"Hurry up, Hermione!" Just as I said this, a vine reached out from the depths of the plant and wound themselves so tight around my chest that I was forced to exhale, and it was suddenly impossible to inhale. I tried to gasp for air.+

"There's no wood," Hermione said sadly.39

"Are you a bloody witch or not?" Sydney said, even in the situation finding it appropriate to accompany her question with her trademark eye roll.11

"Oh! Yes of course!" Hermione muttered. "Lumos Solem!"+

The plant recoiled, pushing into the walls. I gasped sharply, feeling the glorious feeling of air re-entering my lungs. We all scrambled to our feet quickly, except for Ron. Ron, who was still lying on the hard stone floor, was panting still after exerting all his energy in fighting the plants, which Hermione had told him many times not to do. He saw the four of us looking down on him, and hopped up quickly.+

"Good thing we didn't panic then," he said quickly.29

No one responded to his comment as we moved on to the next room. Sydney pushed the door open softly, and revealed the room ahead. The first thing I noticed was the fluttering sound of wings. It reminded me of the Golden Snitch, but it sounded as if there were thousands of them. When I opened the door, I almost expected there to be just that. Instead, I found something much more surprising.9

           +

I woke up to someone shaking me early the next morning. Harry stood over me, covered in bandages, and smiling. I grinned back, rubbing the sleep out of my eyes and sitting up. I let Harry hug me tightly.+

"We did it, Lily," he said, voice laced with excitement. I had to laugh.+

We didn't say anything for a few moments. Sydney and Ron had both been let out already, judging by their empty cots. I longed to be released as well, and I would have asked, practically begged, to be let out, but Madam Pomfrey was nowhere to be seen.+

"Is that Sadie?" Harry said suddenly, pointing to a cot behind me.+

Sure enough, Sadie lay restrained to one of the cots behind me. I growled and ran over, my hair and eyes red. Sadie was already awake. I glowered and whipped my wand from my robes, preparing to hit her with a few stinging jinxes.+

"Miss. Potter!" McGonagall strode over to me, while Dumbledore went to Harry. I stuffed my wand back into my robes, cursing myself for being caught.+

McGonagall led me into the hallway outside the hospital wing, to allow both Dumbledore and Harry, and her and me, to have some privacy. I leaned against the wall. McGonagall's lips were thin, but seemed to be curled up into a nearly undetectable smile.+

"Did you get Madame Pomfrey to at least check the injuries?" she asked, eyeing the cuts, bruises and the one big gash streaked across my face.+

"You of all people, should know I didn't," I replied, eyeing Sadie with loathing through the window on the door. McGonagall led me further away from the door upon noticing this. "Why isn't Dumbledore interrogating me?" +

"I think we both know the answer to that. Don't make it so obvious that you don't like him Lily, he may be offended," McGonagall said with a tiny smirk that was rare on the Gryffindor head of House,+

"It's that obvious?" I said embarrassed, face getting red.6

"A little. Now what happened three nights ago?" McGonagall asked, coaxing the story out of me.+

"Three nights?!" I exclaimed, suddenly very shocked.+

"Yes, three nights ago. You and Harry have both been out for three days. I expect your friends will be very happy to hear of your return. Now, you were going to tell me the events of the night in the underground chambers of Hogwarts."4

I told her everything. From finding Fluffy, to getting the answers from Hagrid, to thinking it was Snape, all the way to Sadie whose name I spat like it was venom. I'd broken rule after rule after rule, and I was vaguely aware I could get detention for the rest of my time at Hogwarts.+

"Why couldn't Quirrell stand our touch?" I asked, remembering the way his face crumbled to dust beneath my hand.+

"The night your parents... died, the love your mother showed, it left a mark."+

I raised my cut hand up to my forehead and lay two fingers on my scar. I winced and quickly with drawled my hand as it brushed the cut Sadie had left, I burned at the touch, and the whole thing now throbbed.+

"No not a mark you can see. It runs in your blood. It wasn't Quirrell that couldn't touch you, it was Voldemort, that couldn't," McGonagall informed. "Now let's fix this."3

With a wave of her wand, all the bruises left by the falling stone were gone, along with the small cuts. Some of the bigger cuts were bandaged, but were healing quickly. The giant slash was still streaked across my face. McGonagall tried multiple spells, but none worked.+

"What happened here?" McGonagall asked.+

"Sadie," I growled, my eyes and hair going bright red at the thought of her.+

"It's dark magic," McGonagall muttered wide eyed. "It'll have to heal on its own, but I don't think it'll scar."6

I breathed a sigh of relief. +

"Keep some of those things to yourself. About our 'little adventure'," I laughed. "I don't want to get Hagrid, or any of us in trouble... unless you plan on giving us six years worth of detention, starting next September."1

"I do not, and your secrets are safe with me," she answered. "Don't tell anyone I can be nice. That's supposed to be Dumbledore, I'll lose control of the students."7

"It's a deal," I smirked.+

I found myself suddenly glancing longingly at the hospital wing doors behind McGonagall. I had not yet been able to talk to Harry, except for the few words he offered right after we woke up. I guessed we probably both had a lot to say.3

"Go on," McGonagall said gesturing to the door.+

"Thanks," I said with a genuine smile. "See you around, Prof."+

I pushed the double doors and came face to face with Dumbledore. He was a mere two feet away from me, too close for my liking. I took a step back away from the wizard I was thankful that I had gotten out of talking to.+

"Hello Miss Potter," Dumbledore greeted.+

"Headmaster," I replied, craning my neck around him, to get a look at Harry.+

"I heard you had quite the incident down there," he said with an annoying twinkle in his eye.13

"Yes, Headmaster," I said, not really wanting to be rude, but also not wanting to be talking to him, especially at the moment.+

"You two must have been quite brave down there."2

"I suppose so. Harry is much braver than I, though. Headmaster, may I go speak to him?"+

Dumbledore didn't speak, but granted me entrance to the hospital wing by stepping aside. Iran over to Harry and jumped onto his bed. I wrapped him into a hug, and we stayed like that for a while.6

"What's wrong with that cut on your face? Why won't they heal it?" Harry asked worriedly.+

"Sadie used dark magic," I muttered. "It'll heal eventually; we just have to let it heal itself."+

Harry his head in disbelief at the Slytherin who we thought was our friend. We looked at her across the room, only to find her staring back at us, her blue eyes holding dark hatred. Harry and I killed her father. Then it really sunk in. We killed a man. Just by laying our hands on his face, Harry and I had killed Quirrell. 2

"I can't believe it," I whispered. "She seemed like such a good friend."+

"I'm going to go to the dormitory and just..." I trailed of looking back at Sadie's hate filled eyes and sighed.+

Harry released me from the hug he had me in and I trudged slowly through the halls, not speaking to anyone. I felt the weight of the world piled on my shoulders. Hatred for Sadie, sadness that I'd lost a friend, happiness that this was all over, and guilt knowing I killed someone, all these emotions surged through me, making it quite difficult to keep my metamorphmagus powers in check. Just like I had in the chambers three nights previous, I pushed the sadness away and let anger replace it. It was much easier to handle.1

I eventually arrived in the green glow of the common room, and I basked in the familiarity and comfort of the room. I walked up the stairs to the dormitory and just stood in the doorway. Sadie's, bed and belongings were still piled up next to mine and it haunted me with memories. Every good memory we had together hit me hard, as much as I didn't want to let it.+

Harry Potter's Twin Sister and the Chamber of Secrets is up!3

Thank you to all who followed me throughout the whole book and I hope you like the second one as much as you liked this one (you liked this one, right?). 11

Thank you again for reading, and I hope you like the next book!+

-Bookworm332000+





