A young boy sat on a swing, gently swaying his feet back and forth to create a small rocking motion. His bright green eyes were dull, and his raven hair was stuck to his forehead from sweat. His clothes, which were more like rags, hung from his body being twice his size. Although they were large, there was a barely noticeable lump on his torso that almost completely blended in with the rest of the clothing. It suddenly moved, and was revealed to be a snake.1.4K

"~You shouldn't come out.~" The boy whispered, not speaking in english.229

"~You are tired, Master. You should rest.~" The snake replied, sticking its head out of the collar.48

"~You know I can't, Draka.~" Harry said, and got up to start the trek to the secluded area of trees.497

"~Your magic hasn't fully recovered yet, Master. You shouldn't apparate in your condition.~" Draka stated, worried. Harry stopped, and turned his head to look at the snake.92

"~I'm fine.~" He hissed, and apparated on the spot.157

~•~•~•~•~27

Harry appeared in a small cupboard, which was completely clean with a small light overhead. The morning light was only beginning to appear, so he still had time to wash up and eat a few bites of food. He soundlessly opened the door and walked to the bathroom. He first washed his hands thoroughly, and then washed his aristocratic face and silky black hair.462

Draka had said that he was the wizarding world's Boy Who Lived. Apparently he survived the killing curse that Draka kept talking about, which no one had done before. Personally, he didn't think that a one year old could do that, but here he was, so apparently he had done it.417

He walked out and entered the kitchen, grabbing a quick snack before going back to the cupboard. As he sat inside, he lifted his shirt and let Draka slide out.115

As he sat talking with Draka, he failed to hear the soft steps of his aunt. So, when she opened the cupboard door, Draka was still out in the open. 5

"Vernon!!!" She shrieked. Harry's eyes widened, and in panic, grabbed Draka and his only possession and ran out the door. 164

Harry ran and ran, until he came to a stop in the middle of the park.3

"Where do we go?" He asked, clutching his necklace to his chest.489

~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°15

It was short, I know, but I've been working on my other stories and haven't had time to write this. I will though! I've been able to put in the plot twists and stuff, so it'll get better. Ja ne!12

Amber Silverwood78

Harry, along with Draka, entered the building that Draka had directed them to and walked up to the counter.17

"I'd like a room for the night." He said, and dropped some of the coins he had stolen on the table.78

"Very well, kid. Room 21, down the hall and to your left." The man said, and gave Harry his key. He walked to his room and sat on the bed, letting Draka slide out.80

"~Change your clothes as I had instructed you. You are the head of a very powerful family, so you must look like it. Cover your scar too.~" Draka instructed. Harry nodded, closed his eyes, and pictured the clothes that he had seen other wizards wear. 79

When he opened his eyes, his rags were gone and in their place a fine fitting robe of black silk with green lining. His scar, too, was gone, so he did not need to cover it with his hair. 143

"~Let's go.~" Harry said, and walked out of the tavern.19

~•~•~•~•~9

As Harry walked down Diagon Alley, Draka whispered the names of shops and what they sold in his ear, telling him which ones to go to after he got money from Gringotts, the wizarding bank.70

Harry walked up the grand stairs and entered the bank, walking across the large room with an air of superiority. He stepped up to the head goblin and addressed him, making sure the goblin knew he meant business.2

"I would like to enter my vault to take some possessions and money." Harry said, looking the goblin straight in the eye.2

"Do you have your key?" The goblin replied.24

"~Take a blood test.~" Draka whispered.9

"No I do not, however I would like to take a blood test." Harry said.28

"Very well. Name?"2

"Harry Potter."115

Everything went quiet inside of Gringotts. People stopped walking, and goblins looked up to see the supposed Harry Potter.9

"Griphook will take you for the blood test. If you are who you say you are, he will be managing your vaults." The goblin said. Another came over, and led Harry to a back room which had a desk with a piece of paper on it.24

"Sit." The goblin directed, and sat in the chair opposite of Harry. Griphook took out a silver knife with intricate designs on it, and handed it to Harry.31

"Prick your finger with it and let a drop of blood on the parchment." He instructed. Harry did so, and watched as the blood spread out along the paper. It was upside down for him, so Griphook was the first to read it.17

"This is strange." Griphook muttered.3

"What is?" 5

"It seems that you are Harry Potter, however not by blood. You were adopted into the Potter family and given that name." He explained, turning the paper over so that Harry could read it.123

"You are Harry Potter, however you are also someone else."98

Name: Hadrian Salazar Riddle380

Adoptive Name: Harry James Potter10

Adoptive Mother: Lily Potter (Deceased) 35

Biological Mother: Unknown (Status Unknown) 398

Adoptive Father: James Charles Potter (Deceased) 241

Biological Father: Tom Marvolo Riddle (Living) 594

Godfathers: Lucius Abraxas Malfoy, Sirius Orion Black (adoptive)222

Godmother: Narcissa Malfoy156

Vaults:9

Riddle Vault (Not Available)139

Potter Vault (Available)16

Slytherin Vault (Not Available)92

Ravenclaw Vault (Available)163

Gryffindor Vault (Available)106

Black Vault (Available)37

Peverell Vault (Available) 112

Properties:18

Riddle Manor (Little Hangleton, United Kingdom)65

Potter Manor (England, United Kingdom)69

Godricks Hallow (West Country England, United Kingdom) 80

Slytherin Manor (England, United Kingdom)38

Slytherin Mansion (Lafayette, California, USA)624

Chez de Slytherin (Paris, France)143

Slytherin Villa (Rio de Janero, Brazil)120

Ravenclaw Manor (England, United Kingdom) 21

Ravenclaw Villa (New Orleans, Louisiana, USA)139

Gryffindor Manor (England, United Kingdom)18

Black Manor (England, United Kingdom) 4

Black House (Under Fidellius)57

Peverell Manor (Location Unknown) 170

"Why do some of the vaults say not available?" Harry asked. 37

"You're not going to ask about anything else?"57

"Of course I am, however this is the most reasonable thing to start with." Harry replied.106

"If a vault is not available, it means that another family member is alive that is the lord of that family. Unless the lord gives you access, you will not be able to take anything except for the things that are the heir's. In your case, you have jewelry and money that is yours from the Riddle and Slytherin vaults. Since you are the only surviving heir of the Potters, you have access to all of their vaults and can gain lordship because of it." Griphook explained.113

"What does lordship entail?" Harry asked, curious.28

"Emancipation, whichever seats in the Wizengamot that you inhererit, basically all privileges you would have as an adult. Your original guardians will lose custody of you, as will your magical guardian." He replied.39

"Who is my magical guardian?" Harry asked.4

"Do you not know? They should have visited your residence every six months." Griphook said.23

"No wizard has ever come." +

"Strange. I would've thought that your guardian more than anyone else would want to make sure you were okay." Griphook muttered. 1

"Why? Who is my magical guardian?"3

"Albus Dumbledore of course." Harry felt Draka move from under his cloak, and start to hiss things in his ear.205

"~Albus Dumbledore is the worst of the wizards. He ruined my sister's master's plans horribly. He is the leader of the light, the people who wanted to let mudbloods into the wizarding world.~" Draka explained, irritated.497

"I'd like to get immediate emancipation, and I'd also like to look through all of the possessions and vaults available to me." Harry ordered, not liking what Draka explained to him. This Dumbledore person seemed like someone that he would not like. 171

Griphook nodded, and took out a sheet of paper.+

"You will have to sign this in order to claim Lordship of the Potter, Black, Ravenclaw, Gryffindor, and Peverell families. Also, drop some blood on the parchment using this." Griphook said, handing him a knife. Harry took it and signed, then pricked his finger and let some blood fall. Immediately after it hit the paper, five rings appeared on the table, along with two other seperate ones.139

The first store that he and Draka went to was Madam Malkins, where Hadrian bought many clothes to stock his house with. They then went to Florish and Blotts to buy some books on the wizarding world, along with some books on how to perform certain spells.83

After going to some other stores, Draka suggested he get a wand, even though he wasn't in school yet. When asked where to get that, Draka directed him to a dark alley that had many strange shops and people. He walked further into Knockturn Alley until Draka directed him to a dark and dusty shop, with no one inside.10

"Hello?" Hadrian called out, looking around.+

"Well, well, well, look what we have here. A simple child roaming Knockturn Alley? Unheard of." He heard someone say.+

"I'm not just a simple child." Hadrian said darkly.33

"I can already see that." The person replied, and finally stepped out of the shadows.2

He was a young man, with short blond hair and icy blue eyes. He walked to Hadrian and guided him to the counter. A crow screeched beside him. 197

"I assume that you want a wand?" The man asked.83

"No, I wanted a bird." Hadrian said sarcastically. "Yes I want a wand! Why else would I be here?" He snapped. The man sighed, and pulled a long box out from under the counter. He opened it, and Hadrian found that inside was a bunch of branches.428

"Since I can tell you don't want to have a nice conversation, I'll go straight to the point. I'm a wand maker, however I don't pre-make the wands like Olivander," He spat the name out, obviously not liking the man. "To make the wand, you'll need to choose the wood, handle material, and core. All you have to do is hover your hand over the items and choose which one you feel a pull to most. For the core, there have been cases of having multiple items. That's usually only for the powerful wizards, though. And you don't have to worry, these wands can not be traced, so you can perform spells wherever you like without the ministry coming after you." He finished, pushing the wood towards Hadrian.492

He did as instructed and hovered his hand over the holly first. He didn't feel anything though, so he moved onto the yew. He felt something in the back of his mind, pushing him to take it, though it still didn't feel quite right. He told the man this, and watched as he took out a smaller box. Inside of it, was a completely black piece of wood, made of yew. It felt right, like it was meant for him, so he picked it up and held the stick.56

"Interesting. In all my years, only a few have ever chosen black yew. It's one of the rarest woods, and is very powerful. Now, moving onto the handle." The man said hastily, taking everything away and putting another box on the table. Inside were several different materials, some made of stone and others wood.35

Hadrian hovered his hand over a few, stopping at the marble. He continued on though, until he came upon the obsidian. The man took it out of the box, and placed it with the black yew.72

"Now, this is for the core. If you feel several, take all of them and pick the strongest." He explained. Hadrian nodded, and began looking through them.+

Phoenix feather was good, so he grabbed it and placed it to the side. There was another that felt very strong, but he didn't know what it was.+

"Dementor cloak, another of the rarest cores around. Very powerful, and a good fit for the black yew." The man said.407

Hadrian continued on, eventually ending up with five different cores. Dragon heartstring, phoenix feather, dark phoenix feather, dementor cloak, and unicorn hair.85

"Good, now choose the ones with the strongest pull."13

Hadrian glided his hand over the cores, feeling for anything. Unicorn hair was strong, but not as much as the others, so he let the man take it away. Phoenix feather felt too light, so he pushed that one away as well. In the end, Hadrian's core was made of a mix between a small piece of dragon heartstring, a dark phoenix feather, and a long piece of dementor cloak. Suffice to say, the wand maker was surprised and Hadrian very happy.121

"The wand will be done in one hour, so come back and I'll have it ready." He said. Hadrian began walking out but stopped, and turned slightly.12

"You never told me your name." He said.+

"It is customary to give your own first."+

"Hadrian Riddle."13

"Zaria Valkyrus."523

~•~•~•~•~13

Back in Diagon Alley, Hadrian walked back to the Leaky Cauldron to sort through all of his stuff.5

Entering the room, he plopped down on the bed and turned onto his stomach.+

"~Draka?~" He started. She slithered out and laid in front of him patiently. "~Where will I live?~" He asked. It was something that had been bothering him since he got the list of properties. There were so many to choose from, and he didn't want to accidently run into a family member.+

"~Take out the list.~" She instructed. Hadrian did as told, and took out the long paper.16

"~You got the Slytherin and Riddle houses from your father, who is still alive, so you won't want to go to any of those unless you would like to meet him now. I don't believe you wanted any connection to the Potters, so that takes out the Potter and Gryffindor houses. That leaves the Ravenclaw and Black houses. Ravenclaw also has living members, however they haven't taken lordship obviously. So really, your only choice would be one of the Black houses. Black Manor or Black house. You don't know where Black House is because of the Fidellius, so that means we will be living at Black Manor.~" Draka explained. Hadrian stared at her, surprised.111

"~How did you know all that?~" He asked.+

"~I have been living a long time, so I know many things. Even if they are stupid wizard things.~" She replied, and laid down to rest.110

Hadrian sighed. Draka would never give him a straight answer when it came to her past, so he had basically given up on trying. All he knew was that she had a sister. A very powerful sister who was the familiar of a very powerful wizard.355

"~How do we get there?~" He asked.4

"~Insert your magic into the listing of the property, and a portkey should appear.~" Hadrian did, and felt as the Black Lord ring hummed and flashed gold around his neck, indicating the confirmation of a portkey. As he inspected it, Hadrian saw small lines on the inside of the ring. They looked like a bunch of S's, upside down and connected to each other at some parts. He somehow knew what they meant, as did Draka.49

"~Parseltongue.~" He heard Draka whisper.+

"~Is that what this writing is? Parseltongue?~" He asked. Draka nodded her head.3

"~What do I do?~" He questioned, nervous of making a wrong move.+

"~Say the word in Parseltongue and the portkey will activate. It should take you back to the same location you left for when you're ready to leave. Of course, you could just apparate, however that would bring unwanted attention.~" She explained. Hadrian nodded, and held he bags in his left hand while placing the ring back on his finger.4

"~Black Wolf.~" He said, and felt his body get sucked and moved.237

Portkeys were much like apparation, except for the fact that Hadrian was comfortable with one and had never used the other. So when he ended up tripping and falling over his own feet, Hadrian wasn't as surprised as other people would be.32

After standing and picking up his belongings, Hadrian raised his head to see the great manor in front of him.+

Surrounding them was a large forest, and in front was a garden with a black gate and fence surrounding the whole manor. The garden, which could have been beautiful, was overgrown with weeds that climbed over the fence and wrapped around the gate. The actual manor was very large, with what looked like five stories and a large backyard.14

As Hadrian walked through he gate, he felt the wards shift around him, matching with his magical signature. It wasn't a pleasant feeling, however he felt connected to the house after it was done.4

Immediately after stepping into the house, four pops were heard and Hadrian saw four house elves standing in front of him.+

"Welcome home Young Master Black sir!" They said in unison, some more enthusiastic than others.+

"Me is Millie! Millie cleans up Master's belongings and keeps house tidy!" One said stepping up, dressed in a red cloth-like robe and obviously a girl.124

"Saber is me! Saber will make Master's food and drink." The one next to Millie said. She was dressed in a green robe, just as nice as Millie's.50

"I is Fargot, I keep gardens tidy and animals fed and kept!" The next one said. She was dressed in a blue robe, but also had gardening tools with her.710

The next one was obviously the head, and had the superiority for the position.+

"I am Zolton, the head elf. I will also be your personal elf as I oversee all jobs done by the elves. Call me for any troubles you have, and I will do my best to serve you." Zolton spoke in a deep voice, bowing down. He wore a black cloak, and looked very different from the other elves. He was more human looking, like a short human with pointy ears. He spoke clearly and elegantly, as he was obviously well educated.290

"Thank you. To begin, I would like to know why the manor has not been kept in my absence." Hadrian asked Zolton.11

"Elves are magically attached to their master, which gives them the ability to come when called, as well as perform their daily tasks. As we haven't had a master for a time, we were in a deep sleep, and your magic woke us up. If we were to be freed, we would die after just a few days, as our magic comes from yours." Zolton explained. Hadrian nodded, and turned to all the elves.150

"Clean the whole manor and prepare the master bedroom. Tend to the garden and make it look brand new, and take care of any animals on the property. I will be back soon. Zolton, you can take these things to the master bedroom and place them on the bed. I will sort through them when I get back." He ordered, and with that, he portkeyed back to the Leaky Cauldron with Draka to get his wand.182

~•~•~•~•~7

As he entered the shop, he could immediately feel a strong presence, which felt dark and powerful. Zaria stepped out from the back, carrying a small box in his arms. Hadrian walked to the counter and took the box from Zaria's hands, opening it carefully.1

The wand was completely black with a smooth handle, and the wood was polished perfectly to give off a slight glow. Hadrian could feel his magic resonating with the wand, and the wands magic entering his core.41

"Thank you for the wand, I will take my leave now." He said, and turned away from Zaria. 46

"Come back any time. I appreciate the wonderful business." Zaria replied, turning as well.65

Hadrian exited the shop with his wand in his just bought holster, which was on his right arm and hidden by the robes. 12

"~Let's go home.~" Hadrian said to Draka, and apparated to Black Manor.42

~•~•~•~•~4

The first thing that Hadrian's senses picked up after the apparation was the sound of chirping birds, which he hadn't heard before. 1

Opening his eyes, he saw that the garden which was once dead was now thriving with life. Rose bushes with white, red, and purple flowers lined the sides of the pathway leading to the house, and the paths that veered off into the garden led to beautiful trees and a large fountain in the center of the garden.58

Looking around, he saw Fargot polishing the fence and gate with a black paint. He was surprised that she had finished the whole thing in an hour, and was excited to see the rest of the house.149

"Welcome home, young master." Hadrian heard Zolton say as he entered the house. "The garden has been tended to as have the animals, which consists of a stable of seven horses, three hippogriffs, two dark unicorns, two thestrals, and a dark griffin. The forest is also home to magical creatures, including wild unicorns, hippogriffs, thestrals, and a dragon that occupies one of the caves near the center of the forest. All of these animals have lived on the land of the Blacks for decades, thus they aren't a threat.298

"The house has been cleaned and the master bedroom is prepared, as well as a few of the guest bedrooms. The dungeons have been cleaned from past uses and are ready for any prisoners. That is all." Zolton finished. Hadrian nodded, and instructed Zolton to show him the master bedroom. Zolton walked up to the spiral staircase with Hadrian close behind, memorizing the halls and different rooms.134

When Zolton finally stopped in front of a room, they were in the east wing of the house on the top floor, the fifth floor.10

"Your room, young master." Zolton said, and disappeared with a pop.47

Hadrian slowly opened the dark ebony door, and entered his new room.14

The theme was dark, with the floor being a dark grey carpet, and the king-sized bed consisting of black sheets with silver pillows. The room was almost as large as the dining hall that he had seen, with the walls being lined with book shelves which were already filled with many writings.53

There were two doors, one of which Hadrian assumed was the bathroom. Opening the door on the right, he saw that it was indeed the bathroom. 7

The countertops were a black quartz, the same material as the bath tub. The walls were silver marble, with a mirror above the two faucets. The bath tub was large and circular, big enough to be a small pool. The shower was next to it, and was simple and elegant, large enough to fit two people with more than enough space.281

Hadrian left the bathroom and entered through the other door, which appeared to be a study. There were a lot more books in this room than the bedroom, however he could tell that there weren't any copies. 45

On the left side of the room was a redwood desk, coupled with a large cushioned chair. A fireplace was also in the room, with couches and chairs surrounding the table in front of it. Overall, the whole suite was very comfortable and warm.4

Draka, who he had left on the bed while looking at the other rooms, now followed him as he went to explore the whole house. He never notice the pair of eyes watching him from an intricately designed portrait.102

~•~•~•~•~4

"There is a new lord in the house."3

"You think we didn't know? It's kind of hard not to notice that dark of magic. Honestly, it's the most seductive magic I've ever felt."154

"Seductive?"33

"Yes. Many suitors will seek him out, male and female."363

"True, very true. I wonder who the lucky fellow will be."198

"We'll get to see, thankfully."+

"We will. But first we must test him. Even one with magic like that can fail the test."6

"Such a shame. The last one to take the test failed miserably, leaving the house with young Sirius. I hear he's in Azkaban now, though."30

"Yes, he was one of my favorites. Such great dark magic, one of the best in the family."39

"Hm, yes. I have a feeling he will be back soon, despite the past events."12

"This young heir will do many great things. I am sure of this."25

Hadrian had finally finished exploring the whole manor, and had begun heading back to his room.22

The library was the best discovery that he had made. It took up a whole wing, and was filled with books that emanated dark magic. Some of them, though, were on the light arts, which was surprising for Hadrian to find. There was one section of the library that was very small, but had books that were written in Parseltongue. Hadrian had decided to read all of the books there first before anything, as they were very important to figuring out what he could do.54

As he was walking to his room, Hadrian felt as if someone was watching him, which was completely illogical since no one could have gotten in the manor without being sent immediately to the dungeons. Unless he had keyed someone into the wards, no one should be able to enter.11

He continued walking despite this, and kept his eyes and ears open for any disturbances.+

"Zolton." He called out.+

"Yes, young master." Zolton said as he popped into the hall.+

"Strengthen the wards and have Saber get me a cup of tea. Earl Gray." Hadrian ordered, and continued to his room.435

~•~•~•~•~19

It was while he was sleeping that he felt the presence again. Even in sleep, he could tell something was wrong. And then he woke up.16

~•~•~•~•~5

"Welcome." Hadrian heard as he opened his eyes.+

"Where am I." He demanded.+

"You are in Black Manor. In my portrait." His head snapped to the side to see the man talking, and widened his eyes as he saw that at least ten people were in the portrait.1

"Who are you?" Hadrian asked. The man in front of the group stepped up. He had dark hair and bright blue eyes, and was wearing an expensive looking robe, which was silver.+

"I am Cadmus Peverell, original owner of the Resurrection Stone, which is in your pocket. These two gentleman are my brothers, Ignotus and Antioch, and the rest are your other ancestors from the Black family. We are here to test you." He told Hadrian, gesturing to the people behind him.63

"Test me?" Hadrian questioned.15

"Yes. Each Lord of the Black family, and the Peverell, must be tested by their ancestors to prove that they are worthy of the title Lord Black, and, in your case, Lord Peverell as well, since our other heirs have all died. Except for your father, of course, who is Antioch's and my heir." Cadmus explained. He stepped forward, and reached toward Hadrian.5

"The stone in your pocket. You got it from the Black Vault, correct?" He asked. Hadrian nodded.6

"The Blacks are descendants of me, Cadmus Peverell. The Grindelwalds are descendants of Antioch, and the Potters are descendants of Ignotus. Each family passes down their respective items, the Blacks getting the Resurrection Stone, the Potters getting the Invisibility Cloak, and the Grindelwalds getting the Elder Wand. Unfortunately, the Dumbledores have stolen the Elder Wand, thus meaning that there soon must be a Master of Death." Cadmus explained. Hadrian was now very confused, and voiced his questions.101

"Why must there be a Master of Death because the wand got stolen? And I'm not a descendant of the Blacks, so why do I get the Resurrection Stone?" Hadrian asked.17

"The heir does not have to be of blood, because that simply complicates things more than necessary, however they do have to be the heir of all three of us. Thus meaning that you are our heir, because you are the Potter and Black heirs, as well as the Riddle heir. There must be a Master of Death to return balance to the natural cycle of the items. They were created to be handled by our heirs, and one that is not will eventually cause the item to shatter and lose control of Death." Antioch said, standing next to his brothers.17

"I understand the Potter and Black relation, but I thought the Riddles were half bloods?" Hadrian questioned. All of these things were confusing him even more.19

"Your father's mother was a Gaunt, who are related to the Grindelwalds. She was the daughter of Grindelwalds sister, who had married into the Gaunts, leaving them with the Elder Wand if Gellert didn't have an heir. Your father's father was a Black that had been disowned at birth and had his magic sealed, making him a pure blood without knowing it. So yes, you are the heir to all of us." Antioch explained. 240

"Ah."143

~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°15

Alright! It was a bit short, but hope you didn't mind. I changed some things from the previous chapter, so PLEASE LOOK BACK AT CHAPTER 2!!!! I added the Peverell name to the long list of families he was related to, and changed his title from Lord Riddle to Lord Peverell, since I had forgotten that Tom was Lord Riddle. I know, how could I have forgotten? Anyways, I don't know why I added the test, I guess I just needed a way to show Hadrian's skills, or lack thereof, and I also wanted to add in the whole "Master of Death" thing. Anyways, thanks to everyone who's voted/commented/etc.! 2

Ja ne!29

Amber Silverwood +

(Yeesh, that felt rushed)+

"The test will consist of several different challenges, most dealing with magical affinity. If you fail even one of the tests, you'll die, heir of Peverell or not." Cadmus explained. Hadrian nodded, and stood on the podium in front of him.96

"For the first test you don't have to do anything, we're just testing your affinity to the dark arts and other forms of magic. If you don't think your magic is dark, you can stop now and not become the Lord, but you will live." Ignotus said, wand in hand. +

"Tch. Get on with it already." Hadrian snapped. Ignotus nodded, and waved his wand, saying a long incantation. The next thing Hadrian knew, he was in a large bubble that was changing colors rapidly. Eventually, the bubble slowed to a dark grey, and then black. The group of people nodded, and Ignotus let Hadrian out.80

"Your affinity is 100% dark. You have affinities to Transfiguration, defensive spells, offensive spells, and potions, and have the potential to become an animagus. That is all I could gather from the test, however keep in mind that this does not include any inheritance that you have received from blood." He told Hadrian, and stepped back to allow Antioch room for the next test.2

"The next test will be judging whether or not you have magical creature blood in your veins. If you are related to all those families, you should have some vampire, incubus or succubus, or veela blood in you." After he said this, Antioch threw a spell at Hadrian and watched as the spell took effect. "This spell brings out any creature blood you have in you for a short amount of time. The effects will wear off soon." He explained as Hadrian's whole body changed.138

His hair, which usually was short and had a nice wave to it, grew longer until it was to the middle of his back, still keeping the silky consistency. His skin became even paler, and he grew taller to about 5'3", compared to his usual 5'0", still tall for a 10 almost 11 year old boy. His canines also grew longer, until they were actual fangs. When the transformation was done, Antioch looked over Hadrian and turned to the group.309

"Vampire and Veela, as well as something else I can not discern." He said, and Hadrian soon began reverting to his normal self. His ancestors nodded again, and Antioch stepped back. Cadmus took his place, and explained the next test.109

"The next test will be mental capabilities. You'll need to keep me out of your mind for as long as you can, or push me out completely." He told Hadrian. He nodded, and prepared for the attack.+

It was unexpected, to say the least, when instead of pushing and prodding, Cadmus caressed his mind, soothing it and making it relax. It was only Hadrian's will to get this over with that gave him the power to shove Cadmus out. And even then, Cadmus did not give up with trying to seduce his mind into access. Hadrian could feel himself losing, and tried to find something that would help.25

And then he felt it, a small presence in his mind that felt safe and secure. He reached out to it, and felt Cadmus forcibly pushed out of his mind. 5

When Hadrian came to, Cadmus was staring at him with a strange look on his face. +

"How did I do?" Hadrian asked.1

"Wonderfully. No one has ever been able to completely force me out of their minds. I am the best Legilimens that has ever existed." Cadmus replied.264

"Anyways, for the next test you will be tested on your knowledge. Cadmus will enter your mind and look through your experiences, and judge whether or not you are ready. You have a disadvantage because of your age, compared to the thirty year old men that take this test." Ignotus explained.8

"Whatever, I don't care." Hadrian said. Cadmus sighed.73

"I'll need you to open your mind to me. Since you're a natural occlumens, I can't just enter your mind." 24

"...Fine." Hadrian said after a pause. He didn't want anyone entering his mind and seeing what happened at the Dursleys, but he had to become the lord of these houses. +

Cadmus looked Hadrian in the eyes, and he felt his prodding. Hadrian took down his shields for him, and felt as Cadmus sorted through his memories.8

When he retreated from Hadrian's mind, Cadmus turned to Ignotus and Antioch and whispered in their ears.+

Ignotus addressed Hadrian and told him the results.+

"You pass." Was all he said.18

"This is the last test - pain tolerance. It is essential for a lord to be able to take pain for the family, no matter how much it is. The Blacks are considered dark, so you will face discrimination and bias. You must be prepared for this." Antioch said. Hadrian nodded.10

"The only thing you need to do is stay conscious while I cast the cruciatus curse." He explained while leveling his wand at Hadrian's chest. "Ready?" Not waiting for a reply, Antioch yelled out 'Crucio' and watched as Hadrian felt to the ground, shaking.128

~•~•~•~•~3

In his life, Hadrian had experienced more pain than the ordinary adult. That pain, at least the physical, was inflicted using Muggle instruments. He had never experienced magically inflicted pain. +

Pain done by Muggles burned, it felt like your skin was being pulled off your body. Pain from magic was excruciating. It felt like your insides were being wedged out without even touching the skin. It made a minute feel like hours, days even. And one small touch felt like an agonizingly long drench that was cut in your body. So really, Muggles had a long way to go when it came to torture.62

Hadrian managed to stay awake for two minutes before he past out. The surprising thing, though, was that he hadn't screamed once. Not even a whimper. This made the Peverell brothers and the Black ancestors rethink their decision of not letting Hadrian become lord.9

"He managed to pass all the tests, besides the pain though. But even then, he didn't make a single noise." Antioch mentioned.+

"True, but he still didn't pass the test. We cannot make an exception like this."312

~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°2

Okay, so I haven't updated in like, forever, so many apologies from me. I am DEEPLY sorry, but with finals and everything, homework and studying has been my highest priority. Gotta keep those straight A's, ya? Anyways, I hope you guys liked it, and hopefully the next chapter will be up before school is out. +

Thanks!+

Amber Silverwood+

When Hadrian awoke, he was lying on his bed in the master bedroom.+

"Zolton." He called out.+

"Yes, young master." Zolton said as he popped into the room.+

"How did I get here?" +

"I saw you on the floor, and took you here. My apologies if that was not to your liking." 1

"Thank you, I appreciate it." Hadrian replied. He scooted over to the edge of the bed and swung his legs over. When he stood, his back exploded in pain and he fell to the floor.10

"I will get a potion for you." Zolton said, and popped out of the room. Five seconds later he was back with a pain reliever, and gave it to Hadrian. He chugged it down, gagging a bit at the horrid taste, but immediately felt better and was able to stand up.13

"Thank you Zolton. You are a good elf." Hadrian said.93

~•~•~•~•~2

After having breakfast and walking around the manor a bit, Hadrian was pulled back into the portrait of the Peverells.1

"You could not pass the last test of pain," Cadmus started. Hadrian clenched his hand in anger. "However you didn't utter a single sound. For that you have our utmost respect. And for this, you have been gifted with the titles Lord of the Ancient and Noble House of Black, and Lord of the Ancient and Genteel House of Peverell. Congratulations, young lord." He finished. Antioch stepped forward with two rings in his hand, and held them out to Hadrian.141

"The ones you have are fakes that we made to track the one who got them. These are the lordship rings." He said. Hadrian took off the rings he had from the chain, and replaced them with the ones in Antioch's hand.12

"Thank you." Hadrian said gratefully. He was then pulled out of the portrait and back into the world of the living.+

"Zolton!" He called.4

"Yes master."+

"Get my cloak. It is time the houses of Black, Peverell, Gryffindor, Ravenclaw, and Potter came back into the politics of the wizarding world."271

~•~•~•~•~3

Hadrian had expected for this to happen for awhile now. Nothing could change the outcome, and he didn't even want to. So when he got his Hogwarts letter, Hadrian responded as a pureblood such as he should.2

Professor Minerva McGonaggal of Hogwarts86

Thank you very much for the invitation to complete my educational development at this prestigious school. As the lord of five different families and heir to two, it would be my honor to attend Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry for the next seven years. I am not in need of an escort, however I appreciate the concern you have for all students, regardless of status.110

Sincerely, +

Hadrian Salazar Riddle42

Lord of the Ancient and Noble House of Black+

Lord of the Ancient and Genteel House of Peverell+

Lord of the Great and Noble House of Potter+

Lord of the Ancient and Noble House of Gryffindor+

Lord of the Ancient and Noble House of Ravenclaw+

Heir to the Ancient and Genteel House of Slytherin7

Heir to the Great and Genteel House of Riddle582

Hadrian sighed. It was good to make first impressions, even if it meant Dumbledore keeping a very close eye on him. 47

Hadrian sealed the letter with the seal of Slytherin, since the Riddle seal was less recognizable. He let the barn owl that had sent the letter take his response and watched as it flew out the window of his study.22

"Dinner, Master Hadrian." Saber said as she held out the plate of food. Hadrian took it and grabbed the utensils. He turned the knife in his hand, and suddenly flung it at the wall, watching as it imbedded deep within the wood. He took the plate and walked out of the room, leaving a picture of Albus Dumbledore on the wall, now with a knife in his head.256

"I will be the one to watch the life leave your eyes, Dumbledore. Not even my father can stop that from happening."368

~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°8

I am soooooo sooooo sorry that it took so long! I recently started watching an anime called Vampire Knight, and I'm addicted now. Anyone out there who watches it, Kaname is the best! No one can change my mind! Anyways, hopefully I will have the next chapter up by the end of the month, but I won't make any promises. Thanks!126

Amber Silverwood+

"Master, you must get up. The train leaves in three hours, and you must be ready." Zolton said as he opened the shades. Hadrian's eyes snapped open, and he methodically pulled the sheets off his lithe body and swung his legs over the edge of the bed.45

"Zolton, which robes will I be wearing?" Hadrian asked as he opened the door to the closet.+

"I suggest the dark green robes that you have. It is best to show off your wealth to any mudbloods that think ill of you, as well as to the other purebloods who may test you." The elf suggested.152

"I agree. I assume my school robes are in my trunk, as well as everything else?"1

"Yes. Your trunk has all of your potions ingredients and books that you will be bringing during the school year, as well as the trinkets that you are bringing. Your locket, as well as your rings are on the night stand as usual." Zolton stated as Hadrian finished getting dressed. He walked over and placed the locket and rings around his neck. 41

Zolton handed him his trunk and watched as Hadrian shrunk it and placed the feather light charm on it, putting it in his pocket. Hadrian walked down the staircases to the dining hall where Saber then served him breakfast.25

Two and a half hours later, Hadrian apparated to Kings Cross Station, and then walked through the barrier. Zolton appeared beside him as he walked over to a wall and out of sight.13

"If you ever need my assistance, Master, all you need is to call for me." Zolton said. Hadrian sighed.+

"I know Zolton. We have already gone over this."36

"Of course, Master." Zolton replied.+

"Goodbye, Zolton." Hadrian said as he started to head to the train.5

"Goodbye Master, Master's snake." He said, and went back to the manor. 144

Hadrian climbed into the train with Draka draped around his shoulders in an attempt to keep people from approaching him. He found an empty compartment and locked the door with a few spells to keep intruders out.57

Ten minutes later and the train started moving, to the relief of Hadrian. Draka was now on the seats opposite of him, bathing in the sun, while he was reading a book on magical creatures and their relationship with wizards.3

"~It says that the Basilisk is the king or queen of the snakes. Is this true?~" Hadrian asked Draka.16

"~Not necessarily. A snake can only be deemed a queen or king by the current one. A basilisk hatchling is not a king or queen simply because it was born a basilisk, it must do great deeds to become one. It just so happens that basilisks are usually the ones to do so.~" She explained. Hadrian nodded in understanding. Just as he was about to ask another question, he heard a knock on the door. Sighing, he turned see who it was. 4

A girl was standing out there, with a boy beside her who was on the verge of tears. Hadrian allowed them to enter with a wave of his wand, already beginning to regret that decision.+

"Have you seen a toad? Neville's lost his." She asked in an annoying voice.90

"Yes, a toad just miraculously appeared in my compartment when there are charms on the door blocking anything from entering. Besides, even if it had, Draka would have eaten it." Hadrian said, glancing at her. "Of course, what would a mudblood know of charms?"261

The girl looked offended, and then noticed the giant snake lazing around on the seat.44

"Come on Neville, l-let's go." She whispered in fear. Hadrian made the door slam shut and then redid the charms on the door, glad to be free of that disgusting stench.254

~•~•~•~•~5

"All students please change into your school robes. The train will be arriving in ten minutes." A voice echoed throughout the train. Hadrian stayed sitting, already having changed into his robes.7

Minutes later, the train stopped and the students began flooding out and onto the platform. Hadrian walked over to a large half-giant that was calling the first years over.+

"Four in a boat!" The half-giant yelled as they approached a large number of boats. Hadrian stepped into one and sat down, watching as three other people stepped in. Hadrian recognized them as purebloods. The Malfoy heir, the Parkinson heir, and the Greengrass heir all sat with him as the boat sped off across the lake.42

"Nice snake." Malfoy said, starting conversation.+

"Thank you." Hadrian replied.11

"I'm Malfoy, Draco Malfoy." He said, sticking out his hand to Hadrian.26

"Hadrian Riddle."1

"Riddle? I've never heard that name before." Malfoy sneered, thinking him a mudblood.68

"The Riddle's are direct descendants of Grindelwald and Slytherin." Hadrian said. Malfoy's eyes widened in realization.81

"Forgive me for expecting the worst." Malfoy muttered.13

"You are forgiven, however make sure it never happens again Malfoy." Hadrian glared.68

"Please, call me Draco. This is Pansy Parkinson, and Daphne Greengrass." Draco said, gesturing to the girls.37

"A pleasure to meet you, Pansy, Daphne." Hadrian said, taking their hand and kissing it politely. They blushed, and responded quietly. "This is my familiar, Draka. She will not hurt you as long as you do not intend harm upon her." He explained. They nodded, and then turned their attention to the castle that had just appeared past the hills.36

"Wow. It's so big." Pansy gasped. The others nodded, staring at the large building.686

"Heads down!" The half-giant, Hagrid his name was, yelled. Hadrian lowered his head, almost getting knocked off the boat by the bridge they went under.59

After finally getting back on land, they were led in the castle by Proffesor McGonaggal, who told them to wait outside the main hall doors as she prepared for the sorting.7

"Hadrian, you never told us what kind of snake Draka was." Draco said, turning to Hadrian. He sighed, and stroked Draka's head.18

"Magical reticulated python." 47

"But pythons don't have fangs, or venom for that matter, as I'm assuming she does." Draco questioned. Hadrian turned to him with cold eyes.24

"Did you not hear what I said? Magical." Hadrian scowled.84

"Oh." Draco replied, turning away to hide his embarrassment.124

"Alright children, come in." McGonaggal said, opening the doors. Hundreds of students were sitting, waiting for the sorting to happen. The first years stood in a large clump in front of a hat, waiting for something to happen.13

"Now, when I call your name, come up and sit on this stool and wait for the hat to sort you. Abbot, Hannah." She explained, calling out the first name. A small girl walked forward, and sat with the hat on her head.7

"Hufflepuff!" The hat suddenly called out. The hall clapped politely, and waited as the rest of the students were sorted.25

"Malfoy, Draco!" Draco sauntered up with a smirk on his face, and didn't even sit down completely before the hat called out Slytherin. Hadrian clapped politely, waiting as more people got sorted, until, "Riddle, Hadrian." McGonaggal said shakely, eyeing the large snake on his shoulders.67

Hadrian walked forward gracefully, smirking at McGonaggal as he knew she had been in school with his father, and could see the resemblance. Hadrian sat down and waited to be sorted.+

'Well, what do we have hear? Another Riddle, no pun intended. The hat said in his head. Now, where to sort you. Hufflepuff is out of the question, you would terrify them before even having a conversation. Gryffindor? Though you have bravery, you do not use it. No, you use it in your words to persuade people, so Gryffindor is out too. Ravenclaw would be a good choice, considering you love books and are the lord of Ravenclaw, however you have more ambition and cunning than anything else. So really, I think we've already decided. Good luck, heir of Slytherin!'" That hat said, calling out the word Slytherin. Hadrian stood, gave the hat to McGonaggal who's hands were shaking, and sat next to Draco at the Slytherin table. 152

"I'm glad we're in the same house, Hadrian. This is Blaise Zabini, Theo Nott, these two are Crabb and Goyle, and you've already met Pansy and Daphne. I'm sure we'll be great friends." Draco said.34

"I'm sure we will." Hadrian smirked, stroking Draka's smooth scales. "~With you as my followers.~" He whispered to Draka.561

~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°7

Okay, this was done much sooner than I expected, so yay! You guys get another chapter! Anyways, just clearing some things up that may happen in the future. Hadrian will not be in any relationship as far as I know. There may be some side pairings, however I am not good at writing romance so don't expect too much. He still has his scar too, which marks him as Harry Potter, however his hair usually covers it up as it is sideswept like the Tom Riddle in his Hogwarts years. This will be coming into play later on. Thank you to everyone who has kept reading, even after the break! I really appreciate it! 10

Amber Silverwood+

Hadrian immediately noticed the change in temperature as they walked further into the dungeons. His ancestor must have had something in mind when making the Slytherin dorms in such a cold and secluded area.61

They stopped in front of a portrait that had a large snake coiled up, looking ready to strike.2

"The password is 'Naga Wing'. Don't forget it." The prefect said. They entered the slytherin common room and were hit by the warmth and comfort of it, a complete contrast to the environment they were just in. 131

A fireplace was on the wall, surrounded by chairs and couches of silver and green. The whole room had carpet which was black, and there were two staircases, one going up and one down. The prefect stood in front of them. 13

"The rooms are seperated by year. First years on the bottom floor, and so on. The common room is in between the fourth and fifth year floors, so once you graduate from fourth year, you will be moving up two levels.24

"Each student has there own room because we don't divide girls and boys, however you are allowed to share a room with one other person if you wish. Be courteous to the other gender, or you may not have this privilage anymore. You can choose your own room now, but be back here in half an hour to listen to Professor Snape." The prefect finished. Hadrian walked with Draco down the stairs to the bottom floor, which then entered into a long hallway.51

"I'm taking this one." Draco said as he stood in front of the door closest to the stairs. Hadrian continued walking down the hall, until he came upon the very last room.+

"You don't want to go there." Someone said from behind Hadrian.+

"And why not?"+

"That was the Dark Lord's room when he was in Hogwarts. He always chose the last room down the hall, so nobody ever goes in them. He even marked each door with dark magic, claiming each room with the brand TMR. No one knows what it stands for, and we don't intend to try and figure it out." 305

"I'll take it then." Hadrian replied, and opened the door. He heard the person snort in exasperation, and run off.40

His father's room was very different from the rest he had seen. Instead of the silver carpet that was in the others, it was black, and there was white furniture. The scheme seemed to be monochrome. The bed was black with white pillows, as were the couches that circled the fireplace. There was a large pillow in front of the fireplace too, which seemed to be for a snake. His trunk was at the foot of the bed.35

"Zolton." Hadrian called out.17

"Yes master."+

"Put all of my things away. I'm going to take a shower." He ordered, and walked off to the bathroom after leaving Draka on the pillow.4

~•~•~•~•~3

"Hey Hadrian, what's that scar on your forehead?" Draco asked as Hadrian walked to the common room. His eyes widened slightly and he used a quick spell to dry and style his hair. He had forgotten that the front of his hair stuck up when wet, which left his scar out in the open.88

"Nothing." He responded sharply. Draco shrugged, and let it go as they entered the room.10

"Welcome to Slytherin, first years. I am Professor Snape, the potions teacher and the head of Slytherin. We snakes have appearances to keep, and that brings up rules.8

"All arguments stay in the common room. Slytherins must stick together when out in the castle, for we are a unified house. 8

"There will be monthly room inspections, so as long as you keep your room clean you won't have detention for the whole year.69

"The only other rule is that, if you're going to break the rules, don't get caught. That is all." Snape finished, and left the room.234

"Severus is actually really great once you get to know him. He's my godfather, by the way. That's how I know him." Draco said haughtily. 23

"Hm." Hadrian sighed. "I noticed another professor during dinner, the one with the turban. Who is he?" He asked.41

"Quirrell? He's the new Defence professor. They say the position is cursed, so he'll be gone by next year." Draco passively said.48

Hadrian quietly contemplated the dark magic that had been surrounding the man, before following Draco out. 20

~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°3

Okay, the next chapter is going to be about Dumbledore's reaction. Hope you liked the chapter!+

Amber Silverwood2

"Ah, Minerva. Have the letters been sent?" Dumbledore asked, eyes twinkling.16

"Yes, they have." Minerva answered.+

"And what of the boy?" +

"There were no letters for Harry Potter, however I found one that was rather disturbing." She said, handing him one letter that hadn't been sent yet. It read 'Hadrian Salazar Riddle'.+

"Oh dear." Dumbledore sighed, the twinkle now lost.8

"Is this boy You-Know-Who's?" Minerva whispered.2

"I sincerely hope not, but the name points in that direction only. However, We should wait for the reply before making assumptions." Dumbledore replied.+

"I will tell you when it comes." Minerva said, walking out the door. Dumbledore turned to the phoenix resting on it's perch.+

"Oh Fawkes, how could this have happened? I never would have expected for Tom to have an heir." He murmured, stroking the phoenix.162

~•~•~•~•~4

"I have called you here due to a very dangerous matter." Dumbledore started to the people in front of him.+

"I doubt something could be so terrible that you had to wake us at one in the morning." Snape muttered.119

"I'm afraid there is." Dumbledore said seriously. All the professors stared at him.+

"Voldemort has an heir." People were in outrage, standing up and yelling at how such a thing was impossible, that Voldemort would never do that.87

"Silence!" Dumbledore yelled. They all sat down, silent. "The boy's name is Hadrian Salazar Riddle. From the letter we received, we have discovered that he is the lord of Black, Potter, Ravenclaw, Gryfindor, and Peverell, and heir to Slytherin and Riddle. Thus, he is very powerful politically. We must keep an eye on him to ensure that Voldemort does not come back." Dumbledore said.17

"You said he is the lord of Potter and Gryffindor. How is that possible if he is You-Know-Who's heir?" Minerva asked.10

"I have my suspicions, however the most reasonable answer I have come up with was that one of the Potter's had an affair, whether it was James' mother or his wife." Dumbledore sighed.132

"How do you know it was someone closely related to James? What if it was just a distant cousin, or even an adoption?" She pressed.40

"Minerva, we will only know when we see him. If he is the son of a Potter, we shou-"+

"And what of Harry Potter?" Severus sneered. The room was silent at that question. "He should be coming to Hogwarts this year. Why wouldn't he get immediate lordship of the house of Potter?"14

"In the matter of Harry Potter, it seems that I have come to quite a predicament." Dumbledore started slowly.+

"Well?" Minerva pushed.+

"Harry Potter has disappeared from his relatives home." Once again, everyone stood, yelling, completely forgetting the subject of Hadrian Riddle. No one noticed the smirking Quirrell in the corner, or the crimson eyes that he bore.397

~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°3

Well, it was kind of short, but it explains that whole Harry Potter issue. Dumbledore lost track of him and he disappeared, leaving the wizarding world clueless. No one knows that Hadrian Riddle and Harry Potter are one person. Anyways, I hope you liked the little side chapter that I did, and, as you can tell, it was a couple months earlier. Hope you enjoyed!22

Amber Silverwood10

The first day of classes started well. Hadrian's first class of the day was Charms, as he had gotten his timetable the night before.3

Mon, Tue, Thu, Fri 23

8:00 - 9:00 Breakfast72

9:10 - 10:10 Charms (With Ravenclaw)3

10:20 - 11:20 Transfiguration (With Gryffindor) 6

11:30 - 12:40 Potions (With Gryffindor) 4

12:50 - 2:00 Lunch78

2:10 - 3:10 Defence Against the Dark Arts (With Gryffindor) 9

3:20 - 4:20 Herbology (With Gryffindor) 57

6:00 - 7:00 Dinner1

9:00 Lights Out36

Wed13

9:00 - 10:00 Breakfast+

10:10 - 11:10 Potions (With Hufflepuff) 17

11:20 - 12:20 Herbology (With Ravenclaw) +

12:30 - 1:30 Lunch2

1:40 - 2:50 Defence Against the Dark Arts (With Gryffindor) +

3:00 - 4:00 Transfiguration (With Hufflepuff) 7

4:10 - 5:10 Charms (With Ravenclaw) +

5:20 - 6:20 Flying Lessons (With Gryffindor) 2

7:00 - 8:00 Dinner+

8:30 - 9:30 Astrology (With Ravenclaw) 19

10:00 Lights Out155

The classes were mostly with Gryffindor, which Hadrian assumed was Dumbledore's way of trying to get Slytherin and Gryffindor to get along. Hadrian assumed Dumbleodre knew that it was only adding fuel to the fire.52

"Hadrian, are you ready to go to breakfast?" Draco said through the door. No one ever dared to knock on it.7

"Yes, I'll be there in a moment." Hadrian replied.+

"~Draka, are you ready?~" He asked the snake. She climbed up his arm and onto his shoulders, tail hanging dangerously close to the ground. If Hadrian was average height, her tail would have been dragging along the floor. It was a good thing that he got his father's tall stature.115

Hadrian walked out of the Slytherin dorm with Draco and Theo, until they got to the great hall and went to tease the Gryffindors. Hadrian simply went to the Slytherin table.14

~•~•~•~•~3

The first class, charms, started out with Professor Flitwick telling them the theory and importance of them. For Hadrian, it was like learning the alphabet when you were the one who invented it.357

After the first half hour of class, Flitwick finally let them take out their wands and practice the levitation charm. Hadrian amused himelf by making it fly in circles around people's heads. Flitwick was most impressed with this.+

"Mr. Riddle, extraordinary control you have over your magic! You must be a natural at charms!" He exclaimed, before he settled down and got a worried expression on his face. Hadrian smirked.110

"Is there a problem, Professor Flitwick?" He asked innocently.14

"Nothing, nothing." He replied, and turned to help the other students. Hadrian's innocent smile quickly turned into a cold expression.54

~•~•~•~•~6

The next class, transfiguration, started with Professor McGonaggal appearing in her animagus form, before turning back and scaring Weasley and Longbottom for being late. Hadrian instantly knew that she would not tolerate disruptive behavior. Hadrian respected her for that.135

The class started the same way charms had, an introduction and explanation. Then they were allowed to try and change a match to a needle. Hadrian was the first to do it, while at the same time decorating it with scales and his inicials. McGonaggal too, was impressed with his skills.30

Potions went a bit differently. Class started with Snape banging the door open and telling them about potions, and were then told to brew a certain potion. Hadrian did it with Draco and managed to brew it perfectly. The mudblood Granger also managed to brew it.144

Lunch, for Hadrian, was rather boring, so he spent all of his time doing homework and researching in the library while the others were out pestering the Gryffindors.27

~•~•~•~•~4

Upon entering the defense room, Hadrian immediately put up occlumency shields to block out the reaking stench of garlic. After everyone had entered, Quirrell started with a stuttering introduction to Defence Against the Dark Arts. No one bothered to try and figure out what he was saying, but when Hadrian did, he found it rather informative. 92

Apparently, DADA was a course that was made by Godric Gryffindor to teach students how to protect themselves from all trials in the world. Salazar Slytherin inputted information of the dark arts to the students so that they knew what they were dealing with, however Gryffindor said that he would pollute their minds and banned Slytherin from teaching the students. The class then ended, however Hadrian stayed behind to talk with Quirrell.2

"I couldn't help but notice that you said Slytherin was banned from teaching. Did this cause the legendary rivalry between Slytherin and Gryffindor that we see even today, or was it a different reason?" Hadrian asked. Quirrell's eyes turned red and he smirked.62

"Hadrian Salazar Riddle, was it? I'm glad you found an interest in the history of it. Salazar Slytherin and Godric Gryffindor were once great friends, however Slytherin started dabbling in the dark arts and Gryffindor got angry.50

"Slytherin had found that it was not the magic that was evil, but the intent behind it. For example, if you take the cutting curse, a light spell, and put behind it malicious intent, it could easily kill a person with a slice to the neck. Would that not make it dark?" Quirrell continued, watching Hadrian who was enraptured.33

"There in no good and evil. There is only power, and those too weak to see it." He finished. Hadrian smiled.68

"Thank you, Professor Quirrell, and of course, your tenant." He smirked.100

"I'm afraid I don't know what you're talking about." Quirrell said, starting to smile.9

"Of course, Voldemort, or should I say father?" Hadrian replied, walking out the door.182

"Just what I would expect from a son of mine." He murmured. Hadrian closed the door.306

~•~•~•~•~2

"Mr. Riddle, you are very late for class!" Sprout yelled.9

"I deeply apologize, Professor Sprout. Professor Quirrell held me back after class to clarify some things for me." Hadrian said, bowing. Sprout sighed, and accepted the apology. He walked over to Draco to see what they were doing, and helped him out.45

~•~•~•~•~2

"So Hadrian, what were you talking about with Quirrell?" Draco asked over dinner.8

"Oh, just the lesson." He replied.+

"The lesson? How could you even discern what he was talking about?"+

"I was actually listening, Draco." Hadrian sighed, continuing to eat. Draco snorted, and went back to talking with Theo and Blaize. Turning to the head table, he locked eyes with Quirrell and raised an eyebrow, gesturing to Draco. Quirrell subtly shook his head, keeping Hadrian from berating Draco. Hadrian sighed for what felt like the hundredth time today.28

"So Hadrian, what are you gonna do after dinner? We have two hours to do whatever we want." Daphne asked politely.69

"I'm going to look around the castle, just to familiarize myself with it. I'll be going with Draka." Hadrian answered, giving a chunk of meat to Draka who slowly ate it after snapping her head out. Draco and his friends looked disgusted as she slowly swallowed the large piece of meat.49

Hadrian raised an eyebrow, daring them to say anything. They quickly returned to their meals, trying to ignore the large snake that was now halfway on the table.20

"Mister Riddle, the headmaster would like to speak with you after dinner." Snape said, coming up from behind them.31

"Of course professor." Hadrian nodded. He had been expecting this. Everything was going according to plan.50

~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°1

Ugggghhhhh! I lost my phooooone! This is why I don't like phones, because you always lose them. Anyways, I hope you liked the chapter!129

Amber Silverwood2

"Hadrian my boy, please have a seat." Dumbledore gestured to a chair across from him. "Lemon drop?" He asked, eyes twinkling away. Hadrian declined with a shake of his head. He still hadn't spoken yet. 51

"How have you liked Hogwarts so far? Made lots of friends?" He asked. Hadrian nodded again. Dumbledore's smile looked a bit forced now. 30

"I have heard from your teachers that you are doing quite well. Is this true?" Hadrian nodded again. Dumbledore's smile faded a bit."Are you excited about the flying lessons at all? I'm sure you would be a na-"+

"How about we go straight to the matter at hand. The reason you brought me here." Hadrian cut him off.79

His voice sounds exactly like Tom's. Dumbledore thought, eyes widening a bit.89

"Well then. I'm sure you know why you're here. My student's safety is my top priority, and I won't allow the son of Voldemort to endanger them." He stated simply. Hadrian sighed dramatically.73

"Well Dumbledore, I'll have you know that I don't give a flying f*** about your students. They could all die in a hole for all I care. So really, killing the students of this school isn't very high on my to-do list." Hadrian bluntly said.390

His attitude isn't very much like Tom's though. Tom would never curse over something so trivial as a meeting. But they share the bloodthirstiness. Dumbledore thought as Hadrian swung his legs over the side of the chair.46

"All I'm here for is some entertainment. Because I must say, the world is so boring. And, of course, a chance to learn a bit more magic. I'll also tell you this. My father respects you, as do I, because you've managed to survive this long. But really, you only have a couple of years left to live. And that's because I'm here. Soon my father will get his body back and the dark will win this war. Period." Hadrian finished, letting Dumbledore see his real personality.362

Sarcastic, blunt, bloodthirsty, and so bored of life. No one else had seen him like this except for the ones he had killed and Draka. He would usually keep a calm and collected exterior.227

"Hadrian, I will only allow you to attend this school because you are still a child. If you ever hurt one of my students, though, then I will not hesitate to kill you. Child or not." Dumbledore said seriously. Hadrian grinned maniacaly.172

"Good to know old man. I'll be on my toes for the next seven years." He said, and walked out the door. After shutting it, the grin left his face and he let loose a wave of pure magic that had built up during the duration of the meeting. The anger, and hate that he felt was rolling off him in waves after being released from his occlumency shields. Hadrian growled deeply, sounding like a wolf almost, and stalked towards the Slytherin common room.128

He slammed it open with a blast of magic and startled the students who were inside, before cowering in fear at Hadrian's display of his anger. He billowed down the stairs to his room and slammed the door shut, before taking out his wand and summoning a training dummy to unleash his anger upon. Spells were thrown in a flurry of colors from the untraceable wand, before an hour later Hadrian stopped and past out on his bed.62

He never noticed the shadowy spirit floating in the corner, watching.301

~•~•~•~•~3

Hadrian took pride in the fact that he could wake up at the exact time he told himself to, so when he woke up at 7:30 instead of 6:00, he went on a wild scramble to take a shower and get new clothes to wear. Sleeping in his robes was not a good idea, more so because he was sweating.37

An hour later, Hadrian walked into the great hall for breakfast, sitting next to a surprised Draco. He grabbed a piece of toast and quickly ate it, before downing his tea and walking to class.21

On the way to charms though, he was stopped by a group of Gryffindors, two being Weasley and Granger.+

"Is there something I can do for you?" Hadrian asked politely.+

"We couldn't help but notice that you're a loner, and decided to take advantage of that." One of them grinned, taking out their wand. Hadrian sighed.120

"Do not underestimate me because I'm a first year. I'm probably smarter than Gryffindor's seventh years." He said, smirking. +

"You brat! A slimy snake like you could never be better than us! All you'll turn out as is a lowly death eater!" The same boy yelled.57

"David, we don't want to attract attention." A girl next to him whispered.1

"I don't care Lizzy! This brat's gonna pay!" David yelled, throwing a yellow curse at Hadrian. He merely turned his head a bit and the spell flew right past him.22

"David, was it? That's a good name. A shame that it was given to a mudblood." Hadrian smirked. David's face turned red, and he threw the cutting curse at Hadrian in recession, trying to get at least one to hit. Hadrian dodged them all with small movements, however one managed to graze his ear. His eyes narrowed threateningly.17

"You'll pay for that." He whispered, before releasing his magic. The Gryffindors flew back, passed out, and Hadrian continued on his way to class.19

"What are you?" He heard Granger whisper. Turning his head back, Granger recoiled as his eyes flashed red.117

"Powerful." He replied.406

~•~•~•~•~ 2

PLEASE READ! THIS EXPLAINS IMPORTANT INFORMATION! 1

Okay! A little confrontation with the Gryffindors, and also his personality revealed! I tried to make it different from Voldemort's since Hadrian grew up with Draka only and abusive relatives, so I hope I did a good job. As an explanation to his understanding of Voldemort, we all know that Harry Potter could see into Voldemort's mind, so Hadrian was just able to at an earlier age. That is how he knew that Voldemort was possessing Quirrell, and that he respected Dumbledore. Also, pardon me for any grammar/spelling mistakes, though I will be going back over the chapters and fixing any mistakes. If I miss any, you can tell me what you noticed and I'll fix it. Thanks!24

Amber Silverwood7

The next few days were like the first day of classes, a lecture and then a hands on activity. DADA was different, though, as they got to learn a lot of new spells. This day was no different.5

"W-we will b-b-be l-learning the d-disarming s-spell. T-The i-incantation is e-expelliarmus. P-Practice with a p-partner." Quirrell stuttered.41

"Draco." Hadrian said, and walked over to the corner of the room. "You go first." He told him. Draco nodded, and said the spell. Hadrian's wand didn't move, so Draco let him try next.1

"Expelliarmus." Hadrian muttered. The spell hit him, and Draco went flying into Goyle who toppled over. "Oops." Hadrian smirked.9

"Very good, Mr. Riddle." Quirrell whispered into his ear.67

"Why thank you father." Hadrian replied.56

"Geez Hadrian! Try to kill me next time, will you!" Draco exclaimed, walking back over.51

"My apologies, Draco. I guess I put a bit too much into it." Hadrian apologized.1

"You barely whispered it though." Draco pouted.39

"I just have a lot of magic is all." He replied. Draco sighed, and went back to working on the spell.+

"M-Mr. R-Riddle, I s-suggest t-that you do it n-nonverbally." Quirrell said as Draco got pushed back yet again.11

"Thank you, professor. I will try that." Hadrian said. When he tried it, however, Draco got thrown back even farther, and almost broke a bone. Quirrell walked over, however it was Voldemort who spoke.79

"It appears that you have too much magic for simple spells like this. Practice other spells in your freetime that require more strain. It should help with controlling how much magic you use." Hadrian nodded, and helped Draco with the spell.44

~•~•~•~•~5

Walking into his room, Hadrian immediately noticed that someone had been inside. Then, he saw a book on the dark arts on his bed, and he assumed it was his father who had come in. Hadrian picker up the book and looked inside.27

A Beginners Guide to the Dark Arts it was called, and it explained how to do certain curses and what they were for. It also explained the history of the dark arts.19

The Dark Arts were once used by every witch and wizard in history, before the Goblin Wars and before even Merlin's time. Magic then had no limitations and no separations, however a wizard's core greatly influenced which magic they used.+

If a witch or wizard had a light core, Light Magic came easily to them, however they were unable to perform Dark Magic well. A witch or wizard with a dark core was able to perform Dark Magic exceptionally well, however using Light Magic hurt the User physically.30

These two completely different cores had a balance, however. A magical being could be born with a grey core. This would leave them able to use all magic, light and dark. However, this was very rare and also came at a great expense. Beings with Grey cores had more magic than the common witch or wizard, and thus were unable to perform simple spells without making catastrophic damage. Spells such as the cutting curse, a light spell, would be powered up tenfold, leaving all surrounding area extremely damaged. This led to the notion that magical beings had to pick a side, light or dark, if they didn't want to be cursed by Magic. This curse was called the Curse of Destruction.65

Going forward a few centuries, and the Ministry of Magic was established. It was formed to keep peace between all magical creatures and to regulate usage of powerful spells. Originally, the Ministry was uncorrupted, however that changed when Wulfric Dumbledore became the Minister of Magic. He banned all Dark Magic because of the one difference between Light and Dark Magic. Emotions and Intent.85

The Dark Arts are powered by the emotions of the caster and the intent behind it. That was why the Unforgivables were banned. The Cruciatus Curse is fueled by the want to inflict pain upon another. The Killing Curse follows the same principals, as does the Imperious Curse.4

When Wulfric Dumbledore banned the Dark Arts, he meant to restrict the usage of emotional magic, and with it, all Dark Magic. This caused an outrage within the community of magical creatures with a dark core, and all witches, wizards, and animals that had a dark core were considered evil.57

Notice the bias in this decision. Because Dark Magic was fueled by emotions, they were more powerful, and thus considered dangerous and evil.8

As you continue to read this, keep in mind that all Dark Magic is about intent and the emotions behind the spell. You will find that Dark Magic is more powerful than Light Magic as you continue studying the Dark Arts.31

~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°2

Alright, I'm gonna stop there. What I meant by writing my version of the history of the Dark Arts it to give you guys an understanding of what the Dark might feel. They were called evil because they were born with more power, so families with dark cores had to go through pain to make sure they weren't found by the Ministry. By going through pain, I mean having to perform light spells all the time and no dark ones. You may also ask, well why isn't Draco in pain right now? That's because most spells are neutral. Spells like the Patronus Charm are light. Thanks!9

Amber Silverwood+

"I read the first part of the book. The chapter about the history. Is it true?" Hadrian asked his father. They were currently in Quirrell's private chambers, as Voldemort had decided to help Hadrian with his studies in the Dark Arts.+

"Unfortunately it is. Dark wizards were called evil and light wizards good. I wish to change that." Voldemort said, using the face on the back of Quirrell's head.39

"Then I will help you." Hadrian replied. Voldemort smiled slightly.11

"Have you ever heard of the Philosopher's Stone?" He asked suddenly, changing the topic.27

"Yes, it was a stone created by Nicholas Flamel using the art of alchemy. Why?" Hadrian said, speculative.+

"Dumbledore has it here, and I want to use it to fuel a ritual that will give me my body back." Voldemort explained.14

"You wish for me to get it." He stated. His father nodded. "I will retrieve it then." Hadrian finished, standing up.40

"Goodnight, Hadrian."11

"Goodnight Father."76

~•~•~•~•~4

The night after Hadrian's talk with Voldemort, he went to the third floor and entered the locked room at the end of the corridor. Closing the door behind him, he froze as he saw a Cerberus staring back at him. It growled and launched itself at Hadrian, who blasted it away with a wave of magic. From what he recalled, Cerberus' went to sleep at the sound of music, so he conjured a piano and spelled it to play.83

Thinking quickly, Hadrian vanished the piano and quietly exited the room. Retrieving the stone so early in the year would immediately make Hadrian the culprit, since Dumbledore already knew he was Voldemort's son. Even a toddler would be able to guess that the son would help the father.7

So Hadrian waited.+

One month passed of boring classes, and then another, and then two more, before Christmas came. Even more time passed, filled with conversations with Voldemort, before it was finally the last month of school. 8

~•~•~•~•~3

"Father, I will be retrieving the stone tomorrow night. Dumbledore won't be in the school, so I will be able to get the stone easily." Hadrian stated, sipping a cup of tea.1

"Good, good. I will be waiting in the center of the Forbidden Forest at midnight then. You remember what I taught you? Shadow Stepping will help you a great deal, so be prepared to use it if need be. If anything goes wrong, if you are seen, immediately change their memory and Shadow Step to the forest. But I trust you will be fine." Voldemort said. He had been getting weaker, so if he didn't get the stone to perform the ritual, then he would have to leave the school and create a new body.89

"Yes, the art comes naturally to me. The shadows are very welcoming." Hadrian muttered, distracted.+

"What ails you, child?" Voldemort asked.+

"If everything goes as planned, and you get your body back, will I still have to stay here? It's starting to get boring, and Draka will not be happy if I get bored." He said, his fingers tapping his leg quickly. +

"You will have to stay here, as you're very important as a spy here at Hogwarts. You're the only one I can trust to fulfill my goals here." Voldemort stated, trying to calm his son. Hadrian sighed.18

"Alright. However you will have to give me something to occupy myself with. The students here would not fair well if I accidently let loose even a fraction of my power." He said.1

"I thought you had it under control." Voldemort said, narrowing his eyes. +

"I do! I do. But I'm worried it's starting to show more. I can't keep it hidden forever in this place." Hadrian replied, lowering his voice from the yell that had started his sentence. It was Voldemort's turn to sigh.36

"Next year, try to find the Chamber of Secrets. It was Salazar Slytherins personal chamber that only Parselmouth's could enter." He said, and then gestured to Hadrian to get up. "Get some rest. You'll need it." 1

"Goodnight Father." Hadrian said, and walked out.27

~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°5

This chapter was pretty short, but I brought up something that will be a key point in future chapters. What is Hadrian keeping control over? How does Voldemort know of this? I will answer these questions later on, so I hope you all stay with me!6

Amber Silverwood1

The next day, Hadrian was on edge. Not that it was noticeable, but it hurt his work a bit. Only his father noticed, but even then, the Dark Lord couldn't do anything about it.4

So Hadrian continued his day as normally as he could. Draco bickering about how the teachers were giving so much homework, and Pansy and Daphne gossiping away. Hadrian stayed silent.+

At eight o'clock, Hadrian walked with the rest of his house to the dormitory, and upon entering immediately went to his room. As he sat down next to Draka in front of the fireplace, he crossed his legs and closed his eyes, going into a meditative stance.+

Hadrian sat there for one hour, and upon hearing the sound of the old clock hitting nine, sat up and draped Draka around his shoulders. +

He stepped out of his room with a silencing charm around him, and then blended with the shadows. Walking into the common room, he saw that some students were still up, doing homework or other less conventional things.25

Going to the portrait, he focused his magic and stepped right through the wall, appearing as a cloud of smoke. Hadrian returned to his body and walked down the corridors, avoiding teachers and ghosts.6

He finally reached the third level corridor and opened the door, immediately setting a harp to play. Hadrian pushed the Cerberus off of the trap door and lowered himself down, dropping into a plant. Casting a quick lumos, he saw that it was devil's snare, a plant that they had learned in herbology awhile ago.+

Hadrian scoffed, and set the plant ablaze. He opened the next door, continuing with the trivial tests, and finally appeared at the last door, which was behind the wall of fire he had just passed through.19

Hadrian pushed the door open to find a mirror in the center of the room. Walking towards it, he saw words on the top. Erised fo rorrim eht. The mirror of desire.56

What did Hadrian desire the most? Mentally asking this question, he looked into the mirror and only saw himself. Suddenly Voldemort appeared, in his original body, looking like an older version of Hadrian. Draka was also there, even bigger than she was before. 56

Shaking his head, Hadrian focused on getting the stone. He needed the stone for his father. He needed it for him. Slowly, the image morphed, until Hadrian was the only one left. The image smirked, before taking out the stone from its' pocket. Feeling a weight in his pocket suddenly, Hadrian took it out and grinned insanely as he looked at the stone. The moment was interrupted when the door opened yet again.13

"Riddle! What are you doing here?!" He heard Ron Weasley yell. Granger was behind him, looking stuck up as ever, but shaking like a leaf as she noticed the situation.36

"Well then. This was... Unexpected. I was honestly hoping for someone that would give me at least a bit of a challenge, but I guess Lady Luck is not smiling on me today. Whatever. I'll be leaving now, but before that, Obliviate!" He said, and then erased their memories of seeing him. Instead they saw Quirrell, who took the stone but failed as his face was burned off from their hands. He conjured the fake stone he had made and placed it on the ground next to the unconscious Weasley, before Shadow Stepping out of the castle and into the forest.42

~•~•~•~•~2

"Father." Hadrian said as he appeared in the clearing, kneeling down.+

"Hadrian. It went well I assume?" Voldemort asked, motioning for him to stand.+

"Yes. Weasley and Granger came in after me, but I erased their memories and replaced them with the fake." He replied.+

"And the stone?" +

"Right here." Hadrian smirked, handing the stone over.+

"You have done very well, my son. Very well." Voldemort said, smiling slightly.15

"Thank you Father." He replied in gratitude.2

"I will pick you up at King's Cross at the end of the year. I should have my body back by then. Before I leave, however, I will need a small amount of your blood for the ritual."32

"Of course. Here." Hadrian said, holding his wrist out. Voldemort took out a small silver knife from Quirrell's pocket and gently cut Hadrian's wrist, letting the blood flow into a vial. When it was filled up, Voldemort sealed it and healed Hadrian's arm, not even leaving a scar.73

"This is goodbye then. I will see you in three weeks time." Voldemort said, and vanished with a pop. Hadrian smiled slightly into the night.22

~•~•~•~•~3

"Let's find a compartment!" Draco said, walking ahead of Hadrian to the Hogwarts Express. +

In the past few weeks, students were anxious and excited to leave school for the summer, so much that they neglected their school work. For Hadrian, this wasn't a problem, however he was not as excited for summer as the rest of the students. Summer was a time of heat and sun, the two things Hadrian despised the most about weather. He would rather dance in the rain than fly on brooms in the heat.207

So he spent most of his time indoors, reading books and practicing spells. Draco mentioned that this was probably why he was so pale.65

Thus, he walked briskly to the train and sighed quietly in relief when he got inside, enjoying the cool air of the train. He followed Draco to a compartment at the end of the hall and sat on the bench opposite of the blond, pulling out a book.3

There was minimal conversation until the rest of Draco's friends came in, talking amongst each other and eating candy from the trolley.8

"Hadrian, what will you be doing for the summer? You've never really talked about your relatives." Theo asked, joining Hadrian in the conversation.+

"I will be staying with my father, probably going to some different countries most of the time." He replied, not taking his eyes off the page.+

"Who is your father? Is he a pureblood?" Draco asked.47

"Yes, he is."50

"I've never seen any Lord Riddle at the Pureblood Socials that we hold." Draco mentioned.+

"We are a very conservative family. We rather dislike traitors and those who wish to use us for our wealth." He muttered, trying to end the topic of his family.+

"Your wealth? The Malfoy's haven't had problems with that which they couldn't handle, why would yours be any different?"+

"Imagine the Malfoy fortune." Hadrian started, finally looking up. "And triple it." There was silence at that, before Draco stood up with an outburst.80

"That would make you the richest family in all of Britain! Surely we would have known!" He cried.+

"Draco." Hadrian glared, daring him to continue. Draco's mouth shut with an audible click and he sat down, folding his hands.8

Hadrian snapped his book shut, and began putting it away.+

"We're here." He said, noticing the looks he was getting. They got up with him and went to the front of the train to avoid the wave of students that would come in minutes. The train slowed down before coming to a complete stop, and they immediately went off before they got trampled.+

Draco went to his parents, as did the rest of his friends, however Hadrian walked to the back of the platform and stepped into the shadows, where his father was waiting. Although he couldn't see a body because they were in there shadow forms, Hadrian knew it was his father from the dark magic that was around him.5

They traveled to a secluded place to apparate and reformed there. For the first time ever, Hadrian saw his father in the flesh.+

His hair was styled exactly like Hadrian's, with a wave to the side, however Hadrian's hair was a shade darker than his father's, if that was even possible. Voldemort's eyes were a blood red, which Hadrian noticed his own eyes flashed to at times, and his face was just as angular and aristocratic as himself. Overall, anybody could tell that they were father and son.143

"Hadrian. Shall we go? Ah, but before that, how about we go and say hello to the Malfoy's?" Voldemort suggested, gesturing to the family who was having a 'disagreement' with the Weasley's.9

"Of course Father, this will be very amusing." Hadrian replied, smirking. They walked over to the group in an imposing fashion, making themselves look as regal as possible. Though for Voldemort, that wasn't very hard at all.6

"Lucius, what a pleasure." Voldemort smirked as they stopped next to them. Lucius gaped, completely forgetting image, and stuttered, before picking himself up quickly.2

"Lord Riddle, the pleasure is all mine." Lucius said, bowing slightly.31

"Ah, and you must be Lord Weasley." He said, turning towards the group. The sea of red was almost blinding, and he was getting annoyed with them before they even started talking.29

"Yes, and who are you?" Weasley Senior asked skeptically.3

"Lord Marvolo Riddle, Lord of Slytherin and Riddle." Marvolo said, holding out a hand.26

"Nice to meet you." Weasley said blandly, shaking his hand with clammy palms. Marvolo subtly wiped his hand on his robe in disgust.19

"Well. I'll be going with my son now. Lord Malfoy, Lord Weasley." He nodded to them, guiding Hadrian to the apparition point. When they were out of sight from the group, Hadrian burst out laughing. +

"Did you see Lucius! He looked like he'd seen a ghost! And Weasley, he didn't even know that he'd just shook hands with the dark lord! Ha!" He exclaimed, holding his stomach. Marvolo chuckled at his son's actions, shaking his head. Though, he was slightly concerned. It was beginning to show more.312

~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°7

Uuuuugggghh stupid Wattpad! I just lost half of the stuff I had written because it shut down on me! Anyways, PLEASE LOOK BACK AT CHAPTER 5. I EXPLAINED HOW HADRIAN AND VOLDEMORT WERE PUREBLOODS. I changed some things from the original story, making it so that Voldemort was a pureblood. I'll also be calling Voldemort 'Marvolo' from now on, because he hates his first name and Marvolo just sounds so cool, sooooo, yeah. Hope you liked the chapter, even though half of it was rewritten! Thanks!21

Amber Silverwood+

Riddle Manor was almost as large as Black Manor, if not larger. On the outside of the wards, it looked like a rundown manor that nobody bothered to care for. Past the wards, however, was a beautiful mansion that topped everything Hadrian had ever seen.25

"Welcome to Riddle Manor. As you know, my father was a Black that was disowned at birth. He was disowned because he was half Black and half Riddle. The Riddles are descendants of Slytherin, the only pure line actually. All the other lines lost their Parseltongue abilities because of mixing with muggleborns. The Riddles, fortunately, kept their pure blood in tact and continued Slytherins legacy. My father was then put under the love potion and forced to wed my mother, Merope Gaunt. The Gaunts are related to Grindelwald, thus making them descendants of the Peverells as well. That makes me the heir to two of the Peverells, not fully allowing me lordship. You however, are the heir to all three. I hope that clarified some things for you, Hadrian." Marvolo explained, looking at his son as they walked into the manor.42

"It is all very confusing, however I understand better now. Thank you." Hadrian replied.23

They entered through the doors, and Hadrian watched as Death Eaters bowed down on one knee, showing immediate respect.18

"My followers. For years, I have tried to find the heir that was taken from me. And finally, I have. My son, Hadrian." Marvolo said, allowing Hadrian to step up beside him. "You will show him the same respect you show me, and will answer to him always. I will not tolerate disobedience. If any of you should harm him, expect immediate death, regardless of who you are." Marvolo threatened, glaring.84

"Yes, My Lord." The Death Eaters said, before going back to what they were doing.36

"Come, Hadrian." Marvolo said, guiding Hadrian up a flight of stairs. They continued going up until they came to the top.+

"This is my room. If you need anything, you can come to me." He said, before walking to the room on the other side of the hall. "And this is your room. It was originally a nursery, when your mother was expecting, however I had the elves change it over the years." Marvolo said, opening the door to reveal his room. 115

The floor was a dark polished redwood, and the walls were a few shades lighter. The bed, which was a four poster, had brown sheets and pillows, with a white pillow in the center of the pile.10

The bathroom was white marble with a brown sink and shower, and a large bath tub was off to the side.+

There was a nice study that had a fireplace and couches, and a redwood desk that looked brand new. Overall, it was warm and comfortable, perfect for Hadrian.8

"Thank you, I love it." Hadrian said wistfully. He then stopped, and opened his mouth to say something, before closing it and shaking his head.+

"You can ask me anything." Marvolo said. Hadrian suddenly looked nervous, and glanced away.+

"I was wondering, well, for awhile now, and you kind of brought it up, but I didn't want to ask, so..."  Hadrian groaned, not knowing how to ask. Marvolo was patient though, smiling in amusement.+

"I was wondering, who is my mother, and why don't I know anything about her?"16

Marvolo froze, not expecting that question. He slowly turned towards Hadrian and closed his eyes.6

"Your mother, was not a mudblood, nor a halfblood. That is all I can tell you for now." Marvolo stated, and walked out of the room. Hadrian stood, wondering why his father was being so secretive about her.953

~•~•~•~•~3

Hadrian spent most of his time in the library, looking through records of pureblood families. If his father wasn't going to tell him about his mother, Hadrian would do it himself.8

Draka refused to help for some reason, and Nagini, whom Hadrian had met awhile ago, disappeared whenever Hadrian asked her. So he searched through pureblood families by himself, trying to find a women who would have been around his father's age by now.99

So far, he had gone through the Malfoys, the Greengrasses, the Parkinsons, and other major pureblood families. There were a couple of families that confused him, however. 5

They were small pureblood families that had made major advances in the magical world. The Grindelwalds had been an almost unnoticed pureblood family until Gellert Grindelwald appeared as a Dark Lord. Others, such as Selassie Seris and Gourdon Fales, became noticed figures through political means such as becoming Minister of Magic.2

There were two families that caught his eyes however. +

One family had zoometamorphagus abilities, the ability to change into animals. They were the Ancient and Noble House of Harmonia.466

The other was the Ancient and Noble House of Zolmais. They had a large portion of Dark Elf blood in them, from constant marriage to the race.68

Both families had a female heir around his father's time, and had dark cores. The first was Xerthea Harmonia, a pureblood with reported capabilities of zoometamorphagus. Her whereabouts were unknown, in fact nobody was sure she was even alive. The next was Aria Zolmais, pureblood, with dark and beautiful features that drew men in like a succubus. Her status was unknown as well.64

Both women could be his mother, however which one actually was would make a huge impact on himself.20

If Xerthea was, he might be able to use the zoometamorphagus abilities, and completely change his way of hiding. If Aria was though, there may be certain abilities that only the Dark Elves could use. He would also have a political hold on them and may be able to sway them over to the dark from being neutral for so long.37

The only way to find out now was to confront his father. 16

Standing up, Hadrian began walking over to the door of the library, but it opened and revealed one of the Death Eaters. Barty Crouch Jr., his father had said. He was one of his father's most loyal, and had helped in his resurrection.26

Barty bowed before Hadrian, before addressing him in a respectful manner.+

"Young Lord, your father wishes for your presence in his study." Barty said, still kneeling.1

"Thank you, you may leave." Hadrian said, walking past him. He then walked to his father's study, thinking of ways to start the conversation about his mother.+

"Enter." Hadrian heard from the other side of the door, before he had even knocked. Taking a breath, he opened the door and walked in, bowing.+

"Father."+

~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°7

Xerthea is pronounced Zare-thee-uh25

Aria is pretty self explanatory Ar-ee-uh 22

Okay! The next chapter is going to be Hadrian and Marvolo's talk about his mother. Can you guess which one it is? Comment with your answer and we'll see who can get it right! I'm going to try and make Hadrian's mother a pretty big part of the story, whether it is through the abilities he had gotten from her or her actual presence. Thank you to SAK01248 for your continued support, as it has helped me a lot with getting the motivation to write! Thanks!68

Amber Silverwood+

Before I start with the story, I'd like to say (well write) a few things. First of all, I never expected this story to be so long, as I usually lose the motivation to write after awhile. However, this story is completely different from my others and I am very proud of it. When it's done, I'm gonna go back and fix any mistakes, so sorry about any of those. Now, I've been holding off a lot of unanswered questions that Hadrian has, so thank you for your patience with that. The next few chapters will be full of history and flashbacks, with a lot of explaining. Forgive me in advance if any of the explanations are confusing, and you can ask me to clarify anything if you want. Thanks, and let the story begin! 2

~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°2

"Father." Hadrian said as he kneeled down.+

"Hadrian, please stand. You have no need to bow down to me." Marvolo said, sitting at his desk. Hadrian stood and sat down on one of the couches, mentally preparing for this confrontation.3

"I have questions, Father, that must be answered." He started.+

"I know that, and that is why I had you come here."+

"Then you know what it is that I will ask." Hadrian stated. Marvolo nodded, standing up and walking to the fireplace.4

"Your mother, was a very special women. She had powers that wizards only dreamed of, and a mind that could overpower even me. You got your intelligence from her." He started, obviously not comfortable talking about her.36

"She had very long black hair, and eyes that looked like emeralds. She was a very kind women, but only to the people she trusted. To others, she appeared indifferent to her surroundings. You have found two women, correct? Tell me what you are thinking." Marvolo said, turning towards Hadrian.30

"Xerthea Harmonia and Aria Zolmais. I am leaning towards Aria due to your description of her, and the fact that she would have Dark Elf blood in her. She would be more willing to aid the dark, and thus more appealing to you." Hadrian said, repeating what he had been thinking the day before. Marvolo smirked.3

"Yes, that is what anyone would think using what you had gathered, however, that is not how things turned out. Aria Zomais was half Dark Elf, with a dark core. She went to Hogwarts and met Albus Dumbledore, the leader of the light. He pushed her towards the light and she eventually turned traitor, telling the light of some of our plans and leaving the Knights of Walpurga. Aria was not my wife nor your mother." Marvolo stated. Hadrian's eyes narrowed.31

"Then-" Hadrian started.+

"Yes, Xerthea was your mother." Marvolo cut him off. "She had a grey core, and was very loyal to me and my cause. At Hogwarts, Dumbledore tried to sway her over to his side, but she stayed firm and pushed back. Xerthea never took the mark, and instead spied on the ministry by become secretary to the minister." Marvolo said, beginning a long tale.74

"Xerthea was pregnant around the same time that Lily Potter was. On the 31st of July, Xerthea went into labor, and you were born 30 seconds before midnight. Potter also had her child a couple minutes before her, however the child was premature and didn't make it. The wizarding world didn't know that though. We spent the next year with very few raids, as we didn't want any casualties. The Death Eaters all adored you, and even at one year old you were performing magic that many others had never seen before. It was on your birthday that we were betrayed.31

"We had a party with most of the Death Eaters attending with their families. We didn't think anyone had found out about you, as we kept you a secret within the dark side. At midnight, when everyone was gone and Xerthea was putting you to bed, Aria appeared next to her and... killed... her. She took you and had the Potters blood adopt you, changing your looks and making you their heir. On Halloween, I found where the Potters were hiding and killed them.62

"By then, Dumbledore had come and fought me in the room you were in. I had been slowly becoming insane, and that hindered my fighting substantially. I threw the killing curse at him, and hit you instead as he moved out of the way. Instead of killing you though, it rebounded and destroyed my body. I'm still not sure how it happened, but Dumbledore won that time and hid you with the muggles.24

"I'm assuming the magic that hid your appearance wore off after awhile due to your potent magic, and that is why you didn't need the counter spell to throw off the magic on you." Marvolo finished, sitting down on the couch opposite of Hadrian.4

"So my mother, she was a zoometamorphagus?" Hadrian asked.36

"Yes. As the gene spread though, each heir had one less animal that they could turn into. Xerthea had eight animals, however I only knew of three. A raven, fox, and cat. The others are unknown to me, as she preferred a fox." He explained.48

"How do I go about doing this?"+

"You should have been able to do it for awhile now. There is probably something blocking it. Do you have an object that may be blocking it? Something of significance." Marvolo asked, walking over to Hadrian.+

"I'm not sure, I would have to check." Hadrian answered.13

"Go check your room. Anything that gives off magic, bring it." He instructed. Hadrian nodded, and walked to his room. Marvolo sighed, sitting down at his desk, and took out a ring. "What should I do with him, Xerthea?" He whispered.65

~•~•~•~•~ Flashback+

"Marvolo!" Xerthea screamed from the nursery. He appeared in an instant, bending down and helping her to her feet.1

"The prophecy must be fulfilled. Even if it is not the actual child to do it. Dumbledore will be the leader of the world, and darkness will fall." Aria said, holding Hadrian. The baby was glaring, not uttering a sound, just staring. She was unnerved by his icy and intelligent eyes, and disappeared from the room.22

Xerthea collapsed, blood flowing from multiple wounds freely.+

"Hold on, I can heal you." Marvolo whispered, saying spells in Parseltongue to heal the deep wounds. Despite his attempts, however, the wounds still gaped open, not showing any signs of closing.4

"It's alright Marvolo. Let me be. It is my time. Our child, Marvolo, you must protect him. He... he will lead the dark to victory. Protect him." Xerthea whispered, dying slowly.1

"Xerthea. Xerthea! Please, don't leave me. Don't leave me." Marvolo yelled, holding onto her. He suddenly quieted, and lifted his head up to look out the window. "Potter." He growled.117

~•~•~•~•~4

Hadrian woke with a start, curious about the dream he just had. Apparently his mother was killed by this Aria person, and had taken him to the Potters. But what was this prophecy? Why was he the one chosen to 'fulfill' it? Pushing these questions to the back of his mind, he held up the necklace that he had found while searching. He had it since he was a child, never having been seperated from it. He had forgotten about it because he had never taken it off. Perhaps this was what was blocking his powers.12

He walked to his father's study and entered, holding the locket in his hand. What he saw was rather amusing, however. Marvolo was lying face down on his desk, sleeping very soundly. Nagini was hissing in his ear, but not even that could wake him. Deciding to hold off the necklace issue, Hadrian left the study and went to grab breakfast.70

~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°6

Alright! Congrats to ozgirl for getting it right! I was trying to make it less obvious, so I hope I did a good job with that. Hope you liked the chapter! Thanks!6

Amber Silverwood+

Hadrian spent the rest of the summer working on his zoometamorphagus abilities after his father unlocked it inside of him. Apparently, his necklace which he had since he was a baby was a lock on his magical core. His mother had placed it to protect him from the negative effects of the ability.+

Zoometamorphagus naturally had a grey core and were inclined towards a certain animal. Whether this was good or bad was based on the characteristics gained from the animal. His mother, Xerthea, was stronger with her fox form. According to his father, her eyes occasionally became slitted and at certain times she grew a big fluffy tail. Personally, Hadrian thought that was pretty cool.199

However, this also came with drawbacks. Foxes were much like wolves, and were sometimes very aggressive towards strangers. This drove out many potential allies and sometimes her temper got in the way of the mission. However, she was also very sly and could slip past all enemies.+

His father broke the lock by destroying the necklace. It was very difficult, and took a lot of dark magic, but he eventually managed it and Hadrian felt much better without it, even if he never noticed it.12

So his father helped him and he eventually managed to change into two animals. A crow and an arctic wolf. The whole process of changing was exactly like that of an animagus, so he basically had seven animagus forms, even if he didn't know what all of them were yet.73

And before he knew it, September came again and he was back off to school. This time, however, he went to the station with family.7

~•~•~•~•~1

"Make sure to let Draka out to the Forbidden Forest. Nagini wouldn't be very happy if her sister died of starvation." Marvolo said as they walked through the barrier.41

"I know, Father. I am just as responsible as you." Hadrian replied, glaring.+

"If you ever need anything, just use the scar and I'll be there right away to kill everyone." He muttered in Hadrian's ear, placing a hand on his shoulder.275

"Hopefully it won't come to that. For the school's sake, not mine." Hadrian smirked. +

"Goodbye, Hadrian. Do well." Marvolo said in farewell.+

"Bye Father." Hadrian replied, and walked onto the train with Draco.2

~•~•~•~•~1

"Did you place it with the girl?"+

"Yes, My Lord. She will give it to Hadrian as soon as she sees the name."79

"Good. You have done well, Lucius."37

~•~•~•~•~1

"First years, over here!" Hadrian heard Hagrid yell. Ignoring him, he walked with Draco to the carriages, which were being pulled by thestrals. Petting one and stroking its head, Hadrian looked insane to the other students.+

"Hadrian, what are you doing?" Draco whispered, glancing at the other students.+

"Someday you will be able to see them, Draco. The thestrals. Magnificent creatures, smarter than any other. They speak many tongues." Hadrian replied, entranced with the creature before him.21

"Thestrals?! Why would they be pulling the carriages?!" Draco said, worried.1

"Dumbledore, no doubt. Get in the carriage, Draco. I'll be there soon." Hadrian scowled. Draco nodded, and opened the door.1

"~I will do my very best to get you out of your enslavement, great beast.~" Hadrian whispered in Parseltongue.22

"~It has been many years since I have been spoken to in this tongue. Thank you, son of Tom Riddle. I will hold you to your promise.~" The thestral replied, before allowing Hadrian to go into the carriage and trotting to the castle.54

~•~•~•~•~4

"Welcome to another good year at Hogwarts! Let us welcome our new Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher, Professor Gilderoy Lockhart! I will remind you that the Forbidden Forest is off limits, and anyone who might try to break the rules will find themselves severely punished. And with that, let the feast begin!" Dumbledore said, arms spread wide.64

Hadrian scowled, annoyed with Dumbledore's act.+

"~Stupid humans. Waking me from my slumber.~" Draka hissed, lifting her head to look at the students. They looked startled, preparing to fight her if necessary.25

"I'm sorry, Draka. Its not exactly my fault that Dumbledore is loud and obnoxious. Just like that mudblood Granger." Hadrian said, stroking Draka. Draco laughed, agreeing with Hadrian. +

"~I'm hungry.~" Draka muttered, swinging her head to look at Hadrian.26

"I'll bring you out to get you some food, yes?" Hadrian replied. She nodded, settling back down.+

"She understands English?" Draco asked. +

"I have been teaching her. It is difficult to live in a castle full of children without knowing what their intentions are." 1

"Ah, that makes sense."+

They continued with their dinner, chatting aimlessly and hoping they would have good teachers. Based on the books they had to get for Defense, it wasn't looking to be a good year.+

"I'll be telling my father about this! Lockhart hasn't experienced any of the things he wrote in these books! Such a simpleton." Draco muttered. Hadrian mentally agreed with him. If the ministry was allowing fakes to teach the students, they must be pretty oblivious to the fact that Voldemort was still out there.53

~•~•~•~•~3

"Goodnight Hadrian." Draco said, walking into his new room. Hadrian's room was a lot like the one he had in first year, as his father's taste in color didn't change much. The only thing that did change was that it was much larger.5

"~Would you like to hunt now?~" He asked Draka.+

"~Please.~" She replied. Hadrian walked to a corner of the room and shadow stepped to the edge of the Forbidden Forest, where he let Draka down on the forest floor. He watched as she slithered away for a minute, before returning to his room and going to sleep.9

~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°1

Alright! Second year has started, and Hadrian is going to look for the Chamber of Secrets! Sorry if this chapter was kind of boring, but I'm doing my best! Thanks!7

Amber Silverwood+

The next few days consisted of Hadrian getting back into the flow of schoolwork and personal studies, while still managing to get eight hours of sleep each night. 161

He was doing much better in his wolf form after hours more of practice, and it was slowly feeling as natural as his human form. Running with Draka in the Forbidden Forest was the most fun he had ever had, and she enjoyed it as well. At least, the part where she rode on his back. Hadrian was rather large in his wolf form, standing at an imposing height of 5 feet. The fact that his green eyes glowed in comparison to his snow white fur just added to the regal look.121

It was a few months after school began that Hadrian started hearing a snake whispering through the walls. It had to be very large to move so fast, so fast that Hadrian couldn't keep up with it to speak.+

These rather strange occurrences always followed up with a mudblood becoming petrified. Dumbledore was getting very worked up about this, so it didn't come as a surprise when he found himself walking to his office after dinner.+

~•~•~•~•~1

"Hadrian, my boy, lemon drop?" Dumbledore started, holding out a bowl.53

"I don't believe we are so familiar with each other that you can call me by my given name, Dumbledore. Now how about we get to the reason you called me here. The petrifications, am I correct?" Hadrian glared, intentionally disrespectful.6

"Yes, correct as always, Mr. Riddle. I was hoping you would shed some light on us concerning these strange events." Dumbledore said.1

"Well, I'll tell you now. If I knew anything, I wouldn't tell you. Capiche? Alas, I do not know anything, so fortunately, this is goodbye for what hopefully will be awhile! Bye bye!" He said cheerfully, waving goodbye. Dumbledore stood, trying to stop him, but Hadrian was already gone and walking down the spiral staircase. 48

Dumbledore sighed. He was hoping to figure out if the boy was a Parselmouth or not.173

~•~•~•~•~1

"Hadrian, where were you last night? You never came back to the common room." Draco asked, sitting on the couch opposite of Hadrian's chair.1

"Dumbledore forced me to meet with him." Hadrian said, sighing. Draco sneered.+

"The fool, thinking he can single you out like that." He muttered. Hadrian looked over at him. +

"Draco. Mind your thoughts." He said. Draco nodded hesitantly, and went back to his schoolwork. Hadrian, who was already done, left the common room to scout the whole school for the Chamber of Secrets. 26

Flying past people in his shadow form, he started with the first floor and continued on, ending on the fifth floor to stop for the night. He searched every room on each floor, however each one didn't have any secrets to it. Sure, there were some strange portraits that nobody ever noticed, however there weren't any Parseltongue secrets. He left the floors and went back to the dungeons, resting for the next day.16

~•~•~•~•~2

During lunch, Hadrian had an unexpected visitor from the Gryffindor table. Ginevra Weasley, the only girl in the Weasley family.12

"Is there something you wished to talk to me about, Ginny?" Hadrian smirked. She nodded.17

"I found this with my books, and it had the same last name as you." She said, handing over a book. It was a plain and old book with the only words being 'Tom Marvolo Riddle'. 6

"Thank you very much, Ginny. This was my father's, I'm not sure how it ended up in your hands." He smiled. She blushed, turning away and walking back to the Gryffindor table. Hadrian put the diary in his bag, making sure no one saw it, and went back to the Slytherin table to finish his breakfast.80

In his room, Hadrian explained to Draka the situation with the diary and the Chamber of Secrets.5

"~Why not tell your father about this?~" She suggested. Hadrian shook his head.9

"~He does not need to be bothered with something like this. Besides, it was a challenge from him to find the Chamber of Secrets. I wouldn't want to break the rules of this fun game.~" He smirked. Draka stayed silent, and went back onto his shoulders to stay with him for the rest of his lessons.13

~•~•~•~•~2

"Mr. Riddle, why is there a snake on your shoulders?" Snape snapped. They were currently in potions, and Draka had decided to stay with him during the day.53

"This is my familiar, Draka. She doesn't usually attend classes with me, however she just had a meal and was rather bored." Hadrian replied innocently. Snape nodded, before returning to walking around and looking over students' shoulders.+

In Defense, Lockhart was even more surprised.1

"Mr. Riddle! There is a snake on you! Allow me to dispose of it for you!" He yelled, before taking his wand out and throwing a curse at Draka. Hadrian flicked it away from him with his wand, before turning towards Lockhart menacingly.67

"Attempt to harm my familiar again, and you'll be on the receiving end of my wand, professor or not." He glared. Lockhart gulped, and continued with the lesson.14

"Well, we'll be having a dueling club after dinner each night, and I hope you all will attend! Bye now!" Lockhart said as the bell rang, signaling the end of classes.34

At dinner, Theo broached the topic of the dueling club with the other students.+

"Will you be going Draco, Hadrian?" He asked. 7

"Of course! I'd never pass up the opportunity to put those Gryffindorks in their place!" Draco exclaimed, smirking. Hadrian simply nodded affirmative. The dueling club would be a good place to embarrass many of the Gryffindors, including that blood traitor Weasley.80

~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°3

Alright, so the dueling club is coming up! Will Hadrian's Parseltongue abilities be revealed like in the books with Harry, or will it remain a secret? Coming up soon! Thanks!9

Amber Silverwood+

Hadrian's first impression of the dueling club was that it would be stupid and wouldn't last a day. This was proven to be true when Lockhart walked up with Snape behind him. The demonstration of how to duel wasn't informative at all, however Hadrian already knew from all the books he had read.6

Snape instantly blew Lockhart back with the disarming spell, which the foolish man brushed off as being intentional. Hadrian was disgusted.+

"Let's have some students try it out, yes? Mr. Weasley, how about you? Come on up." Lockhart said, pulling Weasley up.+

"Tch." Snape sneered. "Riddle." He said, pointing to Hadrian and gesturing for him to get up. He complied, smirking, and faced towards Weasley.20

"You're going down Riddle." The redhead said, drawing out his wand.+

"Ooh, I'm shaking in terror." Hadrian grinned. Weasley turned red, already angry.20

"Alright boys, bow!" Lockhart said. They did, and then started the steps back. On the second step, Weasley fired the cutting curse at Hadrian, who flicked it away without turning around. When he did though, his eyes were glowing in anticipation.+

"Well well, Weasley. I didn't expect you to be a cheater as well as a blood traitor. Oh wait, I did!" Hadrian grinned, chuckling at his own joke. He suddenly threw a spell at Weasley, watching as it threw the boy back to the other wall with a loud crash.2

"Mr. Riddle, I expected better control from you!" Snape snapped.19

"Oops. Guess I shouldn't have done such a simple spell." He muttered, watching as Lockhart attempted to fix Weasley's broken bones and failed miserably. Instead of fixing them, he completely vanished the bones. Though, it was rather amusing to see Weasley's face when Lockhart bent his arm all the way back.43

~•~•~•~•~1

Quidditch was never Hadrian's thing, so when Draco dragged him to see his first game as seeker, he was rather bored. He was a good flyer, yes, just like his father, but neither of them enjoyed it as much as free flying. Or flying in shadow form, for that matter. The broom felt like a restriction to them.36

The match was uninteresting. Draco got the snitch five minutes after it started because Weasley could never even hope to catch up with the Nimbus 2000. The other players didn't even bother to try and make a lead before Draco got the snitch.32

Hadrian walked back to the common room with Draco, not listening as he droned on about how he did so well. When they entered, Hadrian immediately went to his room and took out the diary.+

Hello. He wrote inside.+

Hello. Who are you? You're obviously not Ginny. It wrote back. Hadrian narrowed his eyes.14

Ginny gave it to me after seeing that your last name was Riddle. +

Why?+

My name is Hadrian Salazar Riddle. Hadrian wrote after a moment of thinking.+

So you're related to me?+

Yes, I am your son.+

I never believed that would happen. Who is your mother?1

Xerthea Harmonia. You never told me when you met, so I'm not sure you know her.+

Xerthea was with me in the orphanage. We were inseperable, even in Hogwarts.29

Hm. So what are you?+

My future self never told you?9

No. He has never mentioned anything like this.+

I am a Horcrux. The first one I ever made.+

What is a Horcrux?6

A Horcrux is a piece of a human soul inside of an object. It has all of your memories up to that point and grants you immortality, as long as you have someone to perform the resurrection ritual for you. I had planned on making seven, as that number is a very powerful magical number.18

Does this have drawbacks? Something as powerful as immortality is sure to cause some defects to your self.+

I never found out by the time I was made. The only thing I found besides how to make one and perform the ritual was that when one was destroyed or you used it for the ritual, it immediately went back to your body. Also, a living Horcrux is not possible.50

I don't believe that's true. I have sensed the same thing you feel like on Nagini.+

Nagini? She is still with me?+

Yes. She and my familiar, Draka, are sisters.+

If Nagini is a Horcrux, this completely changes everything I did. But it also brings up questions. What happens to the soul when the host dies? Is the host immortal? Does the soul become a part of the host's soul upon entering, or does it require time? Or, does it happen at all? +

I have to go. It's almost ten, and I have classes.4

A word of warning before you start thinking about this too much. Horcruxes are not a trivial matter. Making a Horcrux completely changes you and is not something to be messed around with. Talk with my future self before doing anything rash.68

Hadrian closed the diary, sitting back in his chair. If his father had Horcruxes, surely Dumbledore would try to find them if he knew. And he was pretty sure he knew. Finding these objects and putting them somewhere safe would be in his fathers best interest. Perhaps he could develop a spell that could keep them safe.35

~•~•~•~•~4

Hadrian spent the rest of the day thinking of where the Horcruxes would be and how to develop this spell. Based on what he had studied, a spell is based on intent, and the Latin words only added power to the spell.7

He wanted to make a pocket in time and space, something akin to a hollow rock in the middle of a moving river. If it stayed in one place, Hadrian could call upon it and leave things there for years, and when he took them out, they would be as fresh as the day they were put in. If Hadrian himself went in, he could do months of spell work and still be on time for breakfast.56

It was a good theory, but actually doing it would require a lot of time and effort. Maybe even his father's help.+

But first, he would have to find the Horcruxes. Based on what Dumbledore was doing right now, he had a couple of years before the fool started looking for them. That left him with plenty of time.8

Have you heard of the Chamber of Secrets? Hadrian asked one day. He had only just remembered that he hadn't found a single clue.+

Of course. +

Would you mind telling me where it is?+

Where have you checked?+

All of the floors, rooms, and portraits.+

You haven't checked the bathrooms then. In one of them, there is a small snake engraved on the tile. Speak in Parseltongue and it will open. Though, be sure to tell Tylin that you are my son, or he will not obey you.45

Then he is the cause of the petrifications? A basilisk?+

Yes, I had told him to kill the mudbloods, however they always managed to evade him.22

The school is going to shut down if they continue. +

Then you better find the chamber fast.31

Hadrian sighed, not appreciating the lack of information given to him. At least he knew it was in one of the bathrooms, though.+

~•~•~•~•~2

Transfiguration class brought a new time limit to his challenge to find the Chamber of Secrets. Granger had asked about it, meaning she and Weasley knew something.21

McGonaggal explained the story, even telling the tale of the beast. However, she didn't say anything about the entrance. It was rather unfortunate, as he could have erased their memory of the entrance and gone himself.4

Thus he found himself checking every bathroom on every floor, including the girl's. Though he wasn't embarrassed about it, it was rather annoying having to hear gossip for hours on end while hiding from the girls. This didn't happen too much though as he usually looked around when everyone had gone to sleep.+

The fifth floor was where Hadrian found something though.8

At first, the bathroom looked as normal as the others. Then, a ghost appeared that looked rather young.+

"Oh, what do we have here? A little boy out at night? Oh, but such a handsome boy he is." Moaning Myrtle said, flying out of a toilet and stopping right in front of Hadrian.+

"I'm glad to know you appreciate my looks, however I am not here for idle conversation. I'm looking for an entrance to a cavern." Hadrian replied, taking a step back and looking around.+

"Oh, what a shame. I was hoping for some company here in this, boring, old bathroom. I guess your looking for that right there then?" Myrtle said, pointing to one of the faucets. Hadrian felt along it, feeling for any creases or abnormalities. On the left side he felt something, and saw that it was a small snake engraved into the stone. He took a step back, and thought of what to say.+

"~Open.~" Hadrian said after a moment. The whole structure moved, leaving open a tunnel that went down deeper than he could see.1

"~Stairs.~" He said again, waiting as a spiral staircase formed. He began walking down it, taking out his wand.4

"Stop right there!" He heard. Turning around, he saw Lockhart at the door to the bathroom.+

"Oh. It's you." Hadrian muttered.+

"You have been the one petrifying the students?" Lockhart asked, pointing his wand at Hadrian.12

"If only. Unfortunately though, it was not me, and as much as it pains me to do so, I must stop them so that Hogwarts does not close down." He replied, pulling Lockhart to him with his magic. "I will erase your memories of this event, and you will go back to being the stupid teacher you are." He said, pulling his wand out.+

"Wait, you can't do this!" Lockhart yelled as Hadrian pointed his wand at him.+

"Obliviate!" Hadrian yelled. As the spell soared through the air though, Lockhart pulled out his wand and pushed it with his own obliviate. Hadrian's power overcame him though, and the spell hit Lockhart as a different color.4

"Ugh. Where am I? Who am I?" Lockhart moaned as he sat up. Hadrian tilted his head to the side.27

"Hm. I didn't know that would happen." He muttered. Hadrian left Lockhart sitting on the floor and closed the entrance behind him, walking down the stairs. The Chamber of Secrets was just up ahead.20

~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°2

So... Hadrian has found the Chamber of Secrets! Ooooooooh. What will happen? And sorry that it's been so long! My mom took away my kindle fire for a week and wouldn't let me use any electronics.Thanks!49

Amber Silverwood+

The Chamber of Secrets was a rather dirty place. It was connected to the sewers, so lots of large pipelines went through the place. The main hall had lots of big statues of snakes, and at the end was a giant statue of what he assumed was Salazar Slytherin. The whole place was empty, so Hadrian was rather glad that he brought the diary with him. The Horcrux told him how to access the rest of the chamber, as Hadrian probably wouldn't have been able to by himself.5

"~Salazar Slytherin, greatest of the Hogwarts Four.~" Hadrian said in front of the statue. The mouth slowly opened, letting loose the basilisk.8

"~You are not the Master! Where is the Master?!~" It roared, preparing to strike as its eyes don't work on Parselmouths.7

"~I am his son. I have just as much control over you as he does.~" Hadrian replied. It calmed down, and lowered its head to the ground.+

"~What is your name, hatchling?~" It asked.36

"~Hadrian Salazar Riddle. And yours?~" Hadrian replied.1

"~Salazar called me Tylin.~" The basilisk said. Hadrian walked around the basilisk and stopped in front of the entrance.1

"~What is inside here Tylin?~" He asked, looking it over for any traps.+

"~That was the entrance to Salazar's private chambers, as well as his private library. He left everything in their for his hatchlings.~" Tylin replied, following Hadrian into the stone.33

At first, it was pitch black and didn't seem to lead anywhere, however at the end of the tunnel it opened up into a large room, completely clean even after 50 years. It was a study, and had heating charms on the stone floor. A fireplace was on one wall, with two couches and an armchair facing it. The whole room was big enough so that Tylin could freely roam.5

"~Salazar spent much of his time here, writing books in Parseltongue. You may read them, hatchling.~" Tylin said, lying in front of the fireplace. Hadrian walked over to the bookcases and pulled out one of them, eyes widening as he saw it was written in Parseltongue by Salazar Slytherin. 35

This particular book was on Parselmagic, something Hadrian had never heard of.+

"~Tylin, what is Parselmagic?~" Hadrian asked.7

"~It is magic that is reinforced by Parseltongue. Instead of saying a spell, you say what you intend to happen. Salazar would often shrink me so that he could carry me around the school. Though, it did take him a long time to master it.~" Tylin explained.3

"~So if I were to shrink you, I would simply say 'shrink'?~" He asked. Tylin nodded.14

"~Putting magic behind it too.~" He added. Hadrian opened the book and began reading, wanting to start immediately. +

"~The little ones are walking around, hatchling.~" Tylin suddenly said. Hadrian snapped his head to the clock that was nearby, and saw that it was already morning.8

Sighing, he put the book in his bag and walked to the entrance.+

"~Is there a way to get to the Slytherin dorm from here?~" He asked. Tylin nodded, and slithered over to a portrait of Salazar Slytherin that was in the room next to the study.+

"Who are you?" It asked, crossing its arms.+

"My name is Hadrian Salazar Riddle, Tom Marvolo Riddle's son."+

"Hm, and the proof of your lineage?" Salazar asked skeptically. Hadrian showed him his heir ring, and the portrait nodded, accepting it.8

"Well, I have many hidden routes in the castle that you can use to get to places quicker, and this is one of them. You'll find the rest as Tylin begins to trust you more." He said, and let the portrait swing open. It revealed a long passage that had a wall at the end, seemingly a dead end.+

"How will I find this in the dorm?" Hadrian asked.+

"All of the routes are locked by blood, and hidden by appearing to be a part of the wall. My heirs can find these sections by looking for the engraved snake, much like what was on the bathroom sink, and walk straight through." Salazar explained. Hadrian nodded, and walked through the passage. At the end, he placed a hand in front of him and walked through, appearing in the common room behind a stone statue. Well hidden, but easily accessed.5

Hadrian went back to his room and gathered his books, mulling over the events that had occurred.+

~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°8

This chapter was kind of short, but Hadrian has entered the Chamber of Secrets and has met Tylin and Salazar. I didn't want to give Tylin a name starting with S, because that was so stereotypical, so I decided on making one up. I also didn't make the basilisk a female, which I am glad for. A lot of people will make great beasts feminine when they are anything but, like in Naruto with Kurama(Kyuubi). It always aggravated me when the author would make Kurama female when it is obvious that he is male, Masashi Kishimoto even stating that Kurama is male. So ya, sorry if I disappointed anyone, but I am firm with my decision. Thanks!65

Amber Silverwood+

At the end of the year, Hadrian went back to the Chamber of Secrets to say bye to Salazar and Tylin, both of which he had grown very close to. Tylin was very protective of Draka and him, and Salazar had taught both of them a lot. Salazar felt like a grandfather to Hadrian.77

After their first meeting, Hadrian instructed Tylin to stop the petrifications, and had secured the schools future. Though, Hadrian had done it with a heavy heart, as he had wanted them to continue.68

It was the last week of school, and Hadrian was excited to go home and tell his father of his new knowledge. This would be the last time he would be in the Chamber of Secrets for awhile though, and that thought alone dulled his enthusiasm.+

As he was saying goodbye to Salazar, he felt something shift within the wards he had set up. Someone had entered the chamber through the bathroom, without the password. It was then that Hadrian remembered that he had forgotten to lock all of the entrances behind him. Pulling out his wand, he had Tylin stay with Salazar's portrait as he planned to confront the intruder.1

Minutes past, and then a lump of orange peeked in, looking around. Hadrian's eyes narrowed in anger.1

"Weasley." He sneered. Ron Weasley stepped all the way through, looking around in awe.2

"Beautiful, isn't it? Salazar Slytherin was a master architect, and created beautiful stone statues that not even Gryffindor could copy." Hadrian said as Weasley walked forward.+

"You're the one causing the petrifications?! I should have known!" Weasley screamed. Hadrian sighed in annoyance.+

"No, I did not cause the petrifications. Though, I wish it were me. They were genius."+

"You'll pay for this Riddle!" +

"Did I not just say it wasn't me?" Hadrian deadpanned, gazing at the redheaded like he was an idiot. Though, he actually was one.15

"Riddle!" Weasley yelled as he drew his wand and threw a spell. Hadrian let it fly past his ear, not even bothering to move.+

"You have rather poor aim, don't you." He drawled, cocking his head to the side. Weasley's face grew as bright as his hair, and he charged towards Hadrian recklessly. He sighed, and blew the red head back with a blast of magic, before calling out in Parseltongue to Tylin.5

"~Tylin, would you come here and play with this blood traitor?~" He said, and watched as the basilisk sped towards Weasley from the cavern. The boy yelped and ran into the sewers, Tylin following close behind.16

Hadrian sighed as the two disappeared from his view, turning back and grabbing his bag and books.+

Five minutes past, and eventually Tylin came back with a petrified Weasley in his mouth.6

"~Can I eat it?~" Tylin asked. Hadrian opened his mouth to agree, but closed it and shook his head. 116

"~I wish you could, however that would draw suspicion to us. I will take it out and leave it in the bathroom for someone to find after releasing it from the petrification. I can not let the school shut down.~" He stated, levitating the boy from Tylin's mouth to follow him out of the chamber.32

"~Goodbye hatchling.~" Tylin said. Hadrian turned his head slightly.+

"~Goodbye Tylin. I... will miss you.~" He replied, hesitating, before giving the giant snake a grin and walking out.10

~•~•~•~•~3

"Obliviate." Hadrian muttered, pointing his wand at Weasley. He had just released the boy from the petrification using Parselmagic, though with a few failures. Even after months of practicing Parselmagic under the guidance of Salazar, he still had yet to master the basics.9

Sending a last glance to the chamber, Hadrian left the bathroom and headed back to the dorm to finish packing.+

~•~•~•~•~2

"Hadrian, will you be attending the ball this summer? We're finally old enough to go, and Father has decided to let all Pureblood families come, regardless of whether they are light or dark. I find it rather strange, because this means the blood traiters will be roaming freely in our home. Though, Mother said that..." Draco said, rambling on about the ball. Hadrian tuned him out, instead thinking about why the elder Malfoy would do this.2

It was surely a political move, and a way to get the Malfoys in the good graces of light families. They had been presumed a dark family by many people, but by inviting light families, they would show unbiased opinion towards all magical persons. That would surely positively influence public opinion of them.15

If the public opinion of the Malfoy family is positive, then Lucius Malfoy is more likely to be voted to a higher political seat in the Wizengamot. If he has a higher seat, he has better influence over which laws are passed, increasing the chance of his father's ideals being placed in wizarding society. So really, letting light pureblood families come to the ball was his father's orders.10

Hadrian smirked, and turned to Draco.+

"Yes, I will be going with my father."10

~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°3

I just made this giant family tree for Hadrian, it's like, giant. Giant. Anyways, I hope you liked the chapter, getting pumped for the ball and stuff. And there was some Weasley action too! Just a thought, why is Draco a Weasel when the Weasley's actually have Weasel in them? Thanks!63

Jk, he's actually a ferret. Thanks for the correction!18

Amber Silverwood+

"Bye Hadrian!" Draco called out as they got off the train. Hadrian waved back, and went to his father who was in the shadows yet again.+

Right before he could step into the shadows though, a hand pulled him back, pushing him into a group of people.+

"What are you doing all alone young man! Oh, what if you got hurt! Come here, we'll take you to our home so you can clean up and floo your parents." A woman said, holding his cheeks and pushing him along with the rest of her family.24

"Ma'am, I must meet with my father, I can not go with you." Hadrian stated, pulling his hand away and trying to sink back to the shadows inconspicuously.+

Before he could though, he felt the familiar pull of apparition, the last thing he saw being angry red eyes.25

~•~•~•~•~2

"Who do you think you are, kidnapping me!?" Hadrian exclaimed, pulling out his wand. 2

"Ah, Hadrian my boy, I'm glad you made it." Dumbledore said, stepping into the room. "You might want to put away your wand, you are not keyed into the wards to use magic. You'll end up getting stung." The old man warned, eyeing Hadrian's black wand. 11

"I'll take my chances." Hadrian challenged. Dumbledore sighed, looking at him from behind his glasses.+

"I'd like for you to stay here this summer, as I fear that Voldemort may come after you. You will of course be accommodated well, and will have three meals just like the rest of Molly's children. And if you'd like, you can-" Dumbledore started, before being cut off by Hadrian's laughter.22

His head was thrown back, shoulders shaking and tears forming in his eyes. It stopped suddenly though, leaving Hadrian's eyes still looking up to the ceiling. He slowly lowered his head, looking up at Dumbledore through his side bangs which had ruffled from the past events. 27

"You are a fool for not blocking my magical signature. You are a fool for assuming people wouldn't see Weasley taking me. You are a fool for thinking that I do not know my own father. So please, keep me here, and watch as this disgusting building is burned by my father's wrath. But no, I will save you from that. Instead of letting my father come, I will leave by my own accord. I do not need him to 'save' me." Hadrian whispered. The twinkle in Dumbledore's eyes left as a look of dread came upon them.15

"Now, my boy, let's just calm down a moment and think about this." Dumbledore started.2

Hadrian left the room, going out of sight, before sinking into the shadows and leaving the building to apparate back to Black Manor.19

~•~•~•~•~1

"Zolton!" Hadrian called out as he apparated into his personal home. There was a limit to how long far he could travel before wearing himself out, so apparating was the quickest way to get here.+

"Yes master." Zolton said as he appeared.+

"Find me a book on prolonged curses, ones that last for a long time. I have something to prepare for." He ordered, walking to his room.8

Upon entering it, he immediately walked to the portrait that was in his study of the Peverells. Walking up to it, he addressed the ones inside of it.+

"Ignotus, Antioch, how do I go about finding the Elder Wand and Invisibility Cloak?" He asked. +

"As we already told you, the Dumbledore's stole the Elder Wand, and the Invisibility Cloak was last with the Potters." Antioch replied, looking down at him.21

"Thank you." Hadrian replied, before turning and walking out and down the staircases.1

"Master." Zolton said, holding out a book to him. Hadrian grabbed it as he walked by, thanking the elf distractedly. He flipped through the pages, searching for the curse that he was looking for. Just as he entered the ritual room, he found the curse, and immediately got to preparing for it.+

"For vengeance, I cry, Lady Magick give me power. To curse my foes and wither away their gold, in the name of vengeance and righteousness, Lady Magick I ask of you to curse the males, purge the females, and bless my gold as my foes' is not." Hadrian chanted, holding the silver blade steady as he offered more blood into the runes on the floor. 34

The red liquid glowed as it filled each crevice, flowing with magic. Eventually, it died down, and left behind nothing.+

Hundreds of miles away, a young boy screamed as he watched his mother and sister collapse, unconscious.189

~•~•~•~•~2

Two days later, Hadrian returned to Riddle Manor and appeared before his father. The older man threw a paper in front of his son, eyes narrowed.+

Two Weasleys In The Hospital! Whole Family Bankrupt!63

The title of the article glared at Hadrian, unmoving.+

"What is the meaning of this?" Marvolo asked. "Molly and Ginevra Weasley hospitalised as they are in a coma, and the family suddenly without a single knut? I'm sure you would want to get back at the Weasleys for kidnapping you, but this is going a bit far. We can not have the dark blamed for this because of your incompetence!" He snapped. Hadrian flinched slightly, not wanting to make his father angry.16

"I thought that this would be adequate punishment for taking me." Hadrian muttered. Marvolo sighed, and beckoned for Hadrian to stand.8

"You shouldn't have let yourself be taken in the first place." Marvolo said with a slight smile. "Anyways, the Malfoy's ball is tomorrow, and I expect you to be prepared for it. You know what to wear." 2

"Of course Father." Hadrian replied with a smirk.9

"You're dismissed." Marvolo stated, waving a hand and going back to his work. Hadrian let out a sigh in relief, before walking out and heading to his room.+

~•~•~•~•~4

"Zolton. Go to the Potter Vaults at Gringotts and get the cloak that is in there. Take the key, and don't let anyone see you."16

~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°2

Another chapter done! Yeesh, I never expected to get to 23, and there's still more to come! I have so much stuff that I need to resolve in this story, and a lot of it is stuff that you guys don't know yet, so it's really exciting! Hope you guys liked it!4

Amber Silverwood1

The day of the ball was here, and Hadrian was more than ready to show off with his father. They would both be wearing dark green robes, but Marvolo's would have silver trim and Hadrian's would have black. 1

After finally finishing with his hair, Hadrian walked to the floo and waited for his father.15

"Hadrian, are you ready?" Marvolo asked as he walked down the stairs. Hadrian nodded, and stepped into the floo with his father.11

"Malfoy Manor."1

~•~•~•~•~2

The Malfoy's ballroom was filled with wizards and witches of all ages, with most of the children in their own groups. Hadrian saw Draco and some other Slytherins off in a corner, but ignored them and stuck with his father.+

"Lord Riddle." Lucius said, walking over to them.1

"Lucius, thank you for hosting this event. It was very kind of you to invite the light families as well." Marvolo replied, both of them knowing that he was praising his own work. Hadrian snorted slightly at this, earning a warning glance from his father.13

"Lord Peverell, it's a pleasure." Lucius said, nodding towards the younger Riddle in greeting.+

"The pleasure is all mine, Lord Malfoy." Hadrian replied. In his peripheral vision, Hadrian could see Dumbledore walk in, seemingly as if he owned the place. He nudged his father slightly, gesturing over to the old man. Marvolo's eyes narrowed, not liking the fact that Dumbledore was here.9

"Lucius, let's greet Headmaster Dumbledore, yes?" Marvolo suggested. Lucius nodded, and guided them through the crowd.1

"Headmaster, what a surprise it is to see you here." Lucius started. +

"Lucius my boy, always a-" Dumbledore suddenly stopped, gazing at Marvolo with wide eyes.15

"Headmaster Dumbledore, it's such a surprise to see you so far from the school. I am Lord Riddle, my son attends Hogwarts." Marvolo greeted.+

"Tom?" Dumbledore whispered.+

"No, my name is Marvolo." He replied, keeping up appearances of not being a dark lord.77

Dumbledore struggled to keep a smile on his face.+

"Well. It's nice to see you Mr. Riddle, Lucius, Marvolo." Dumbledore said, and walked away.+

"Mr. Riddle?" Marvolo asked Hadrian.1

"I asked that he not be on such familiar terms with me. It is much better than 'My Boy'." He replied. Marvolo smirked, and went off to greet other people with Hadrian close behind him.18

~•~•~•~•~2

"Thank you very much for joining us here today at our annual ball. It is with great gratitude that I thank all of the families that are new to this for coming, and the ones that are familiar for returning. So please, a toast, to a new and better future for the purebloods!" Lucius said, raising a glass. The people in the ball room also raised their glasses, before returning to what they were doing.13

"Lucius, what a nice speech." Weasley senior said as he walked up to them with what was left of his family.9

"Arthur, what a... pleasure." Lucius replied. Marvolo gave a warning glance to the blond, placing a hand on Hadrian's shoulder.4

"Yes, as always." Arthur said dismissively, glancing at Marvolo and Hadrian.+

"Lord Weasley, I'm sure you remember me from our little encounter at the station, yes?"2

"Of course, Lord Riddle. I remember you. And your son, Hadrian is it?" Arthur replied.+

"Yes." Hadrian nodded +

"Well of course-"+

"He remembers him!"+

"Who would forget-"+

"The one they tried to keep-"+

"Captive!" Fred and George exclaimed, looking at Hadrian. Arthur opened his mouth to protest, but Marvolo cut him off.139

"Yes, that matter has already been taken care of, and there are no hard feelings. It is getting late Lucius, I think that Hadrian and I will be heading home now. Thank you Lucius, Lord Weasley." He stated, and went to the floo with Hadrian behind him.2

"Hey Riddle!" Hadrian heard from behind. Turning around, he saw Ron running up to him, Arthur yelling out to him to stop. Raising an eyebrow, he waited patiently for the redhead to stop before him. Instead of Ron doing that though, he continued running and eventually tackled the surprised Hadrian, starting an onslaught of punches to the face.41

"How Muggle of you." Hadrian sneered as Arthur pulled his son off of him. He spit out some blood, wiping his mouth with his hand and waiting patiently as his father healed his face.20

"Well then." Marvolo stated as he stood by his son. "Perhaps you should put a better leash on your children." He said, and then through the floo powder down, murmuring 'Riddle Manor'.34

~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°2

Physical Assault! I sue you Weasley! Anyways, *Clearing throat*, I hope you liked the chapter, and sorry it took so long! Thanks!64

Amber Silverwood+

"Father, I'm fine, you already healed me." Hadrian said as he watched his father pace.2

"Which curses did you place on the Weasleys?" Marvolo asked, still pacing.+

"The variation of the Gold Rigger and the Cursed Witch. Why?"44

"I'm beginning to think that their punishment for kidnapping you was too lenient." Marvolo stated. There was silence for awhile, just the crackling of the fireplace being heard. "No matter. Now tell me, how was your school year?" 48

"It was fine. I found the Chamber of Secrets and met Tylin and Salazar, and also found this." Hadrian replied, placing his father's diary on the table.+

"Where did you find this?" Marvolo asked, grabbing the book.4

"Ginny Weasley had it on her. She gave it to me after seeing your name." Hadrian said. Marvolo sighed, sitting down.+

"And I'm assuming you spoke with it?" Hadrian nodded. "Well, I guess I'll be explaining this to you sooner than I thought. 8

"There is an ancient and very dangerous piece of dark magic called Horcruxes. They are pieces of a soul that are attached to an object to grant immortality to the person. I created seven of them, however when I went to get you from the Potters, Dumbledore got in the way and I had to find a way to mark you. I made you my eighth Horcrux."48

~•~•~•~•~3

"Excuse me?" Hadrian said after a long silence. "You just made me a Horcrux instead of placing a tracker or something on me?!"36

"Dumbledore would have gotten rid of that, and being a Horcrux may also ensure your safety." Marvolo replied calmly.2

"What do you mean?" Hadrian asked.+

"A normal, non living Horcrux can not be destroyed by any spell or magical object. I have yet to find what can. I am not sure if this applies to you, however if it does, then you are basically immortal." He answered. Hadrian stared at him, then calmly asked,25

"Immortal? As in, never dying, as in, living forever?" Marvolo nodded affirmative. "This, this is amazing! I could learn every spell known! I could watch history unfold and know exactly what happened! I could, I have all the time in the world!" Hadrian exclaimed, running through possibilities.34

"Hadrian, be careful. Immortality is not something to be trifled with. You are a Horcrux, and that is enough. You have no need to make your own." Marvolo warned.2

"Father, how could you say that? If I make my own Horcruxes, and find the other Deathly Hallows, I will be invincible! Nothing could stop me!"104

"Hadrian!" Marvolo yelled, standing up and stopping his son's ranting. "There will always be a way to kill someone, even with that many back up measures." He said.12

"And of course you would say that. You only have Horcruxes, and nothing else. If someone destroys them, then poof! You're gone. Me though, I have Death on my side. Death! I'm unbeatable!"66

"Not right now though. At this moment, you only have two of the Deathly Hallows. You don't have any Horcruxes, and Dumbledore might already have a way to destroy them. Right now, you're at the mercy of others. Get the Elder Wand from Dumbledore, and then you can say something about being unbeatable." Marvolo finished, and motioned for Hadrian to get out. 27

"I'll show you Father. I'll show you how strong I can become." He promised, and went to his room.54

~•~•~•~•~3

"Zolton, in five minutes I want you to throw this rock in this veil here." Hadrian instructed. Zolton nodded, and watched as his master entered the array of colors.+

Inside, Hadrian looked around, smiling. He had made this pocket of space during the school year after the Sorcerers Stone fiasco. He hadn't needed it during that year, but took the time to perfect it in his second year. 33

It was much like he had invisioned it when he came up with the idea. A pocket of space in time that would stay put as the river, or in this case the real world, flowed. Five hours here would be five minutes there. 66

He had configured the space to be much like an apartment building, with a kitchen, bathroom, bedroom, and living room. He had added another room though, a storage room. He left all of his most prized possessions there, so that no one could take them. He had the Resurrection Stone and the Invisibility Cloak there, as well as the Sorcerers Stone, which his father left in his care. Other things, such as rings and books, littered the floor.23

Searching through the many trinkets, Hadrian finally came upon the Resurrection Stone and the Invisibility Cloak. Putting them to the side, he grabbed a piece of chalk and drew a circle with runes in them. Finishing it, he placed the stone and cloak in the center and cut his wrist, letting his blood flow over the runes. 12

Minutes passed, before darkness suddenly clouded the area, leaving Hadrian unable to see anything.+

"I had a feeling you would call me, though the timing was a bit unexpected." Hadrian heard. The darkness took shape, forming a handsome young man with unnaturally pale skin and white hair. His eyes contrasted the white though, being black where the white usually is and having gold for pupils. His voice was also unnatural, sounding as if he were speaking through a Muggle electronic.75

"Death?" Hadrian asked. The man nodded.36

"If you wish to call me that. What is your reason for summoning me here?" Death asked, giving Hadrian a maniacal grin. +

"I think you know why." He replied. Death laughed, throwing his head back and causing his spiky hair to move.+

"I like you, boy. Are you not afraid of me?"+

"Of course I am. My father and I share that trait. Though I don't find reason to show that fear when I know you won't kill me." Hadrian said. Death looked him over, still grinning.14

"You share more than one trait with him. Though I think you look even better than him, with Xerthea being your mother and all. Strange that a woman like her, one that didn't fear me at all, would share blood with a boy who fears me and me alone." Death remarked, still looking Hadrian up and down.3

"If I knew that you were a pervert, then perhaps I wouldn't have called you to help me."87

"Naw, you still would have. It's in your nature to dance with me!" 87

"Will you do it or not?" Hadrian asked, dismissing the remark about his tendencies to do dangerous things.4

"I'll get the wand for you, but only 'cause you're a very good looking boy." Death said, and left. Hadrian stood there embarrassed, his cheeks slightly red from blushing.677

~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°1

Hello guys, say Hi to Death! If any of you are wondering what he looks like, find a picture of Hichigo from Bleach. Hichigo is the main character's (Ichigo's) 'Dark Side', and I must say, he's hot! So, yeah. That's my reasoning. Anyways, I hope you liked the chapter! Thanks!83

Amber Silverwood+

Okay, I'm not saying I'm awesome, but... I'm awesome! I just paired HARRY POTTER with DEATH! No one has ever done it before! Nobody! OMG I am like freaking out right now, I mean, I just paired THE Harry Potter with DEATH. As in, Death. Wow. Just wow.122

The next time that Hadrian saw Death came with a rather strange encounter. He had been sleeping peacefully, dreaming of torturing Dumbledore, when he was awoken by a strange tickling on his face. Hadrian did not like being interrupted while sleeping, so he opened his eyes to see Death hovering above him.163

"What the hell!" Hadrian yelled as he fell out of the bed. Death looked down at him from the bed, grinning in amusement. 14

"Hello." +

"What are you doing?!" Hadrian asked, glaring.19

"Well, I was going to tell you that I got the wand from the hairy marshmallow, but you were sleeping and looked absolutely adorable so I decided to watch you instead." Death replied, looking serious.206

"Look, just- wait, marshmallow?" 11

"Ya, marshmallow, cause he was wearing all white and even had white hair." Death said. Hadrian stared at him in astonishment.15

"Aren't you supposed to be Death? I expected you to be more serious, since you've lived since forever." 3

"Well ya. I've lived so long that I've gotta find amusement somehow." He replied. Hadrian shook his head, wondering if he was dreaming.22

"Look, can I just have the wand now?" He asked, holding his hand out.+

"Mm, no."+

"What? Why not?" Hadrian exclaimed.+

"I just went through the trouble of seducing Lady Hogwarts into letting me go into Marshmallows office, and let me tell you, I am not into women like that at all. So you'll have to compensate for that somehow." Death explained, looking disgusted as he talked about Hogwarts.153

"What do you want me to do then?" Hadrian sighed, just wanting the wand.+

"I wanna be able to stay with you whenever I want. No complaints, just companionship." Death smirked. Hadrian sighed yet again, and nodded in agreement before taking the wand. He had no idea what he just got himself into.257

~•~•~•~•~6

The first few days were fine because Death had stuff to clear up in 'Death Land' or whatever. Hadrian honestly didn't care. But it got crazy when Death decided to show up when he was having breakfast with his father.28

Marvolo is the kind of person to curse first and ask questions later, but that didn't really work because the curses went right through Death.38

"Hello Hadrian's father! I'm your son's companion!" Death greeted, before sitting down and grabbing a piece of bacon.61

"Hadrian?" Marvolo asked his son.2

"Don't bother. It's a really long story and I'd rather not explain. All you need to know is that he won't hurt anyone. Well, that doesn't make sense. He-"11

"I'm Death." Death said seriously, cutting Hadrian off. There was silence for awhile, before Marvolo finally sat down and just stared while Hadrian finished his breakfast and Death ate the bacon.121

"I'll be in my room." Hadrian said after he finished his food. Marvolo nodded, still staring. Shrugging, Hadrian walked to his room with Death right behind him.105

~•~•~•~•~4

The day went by with Hadrian reading and occasionally talking with Draka and Death watching him like a stalker. It got awkward at times because Death didn't want to leave Hadrian's side, so that meant using the restroom with a perverted old man watching him. There was nothing he could do either, because spells and all magic passed right through him and Hadrian was smaller than Death, meaning he couldn't push him out. Trying that only amused Death, which Hadrian found out the first time he tried.105

"Look, I agreed to letting you follow me around, but that doesn't apply to following me into the bathroom." Hadrian stated, aggravated.1

"You said I could stay with you whenever I wanted. I want to now." Death replied, not moving from the doorway. Hadrian pulled out his wand, and threw a curse at the man. Instead of causing his intestines to fill with maggots, it went straight through him and hit the wall on the other side of the room.3

"That won't work on me." Death teased. Hadrian resorted to wandless magic, trying to force him out. That didn't work either.3

"Wow, I think I felt something! Oh wait, that was the nonexistent wind." Death said sarcastically. Fed up with his teasing, Hadrian charged, attempting to knock him down. Death did not expect that, and ended up with Hadrian on top of him. Grinning, he flipped them over and gazed down at Hadrian, liking their position.189

"Get off me!" Hadrian growled.+

"I don't think I will." Death whispered in Hadrian's ear. He felt the boy shudder beneath him, trying not to succumb to the hormones raging inside him. "I think that you like it, ne?" 281

"Get... off." Hadrian panted, and then Death was suddenly standing in the bathroom, looking down at him in amusement.+

"Weren't you gonna use the bathroom?" 49

~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°2

Whew! Some action between Hadrian and Death! I'm thinking of giving Death a kind of 'nickname', something that he would be called in front of other people. Please tell me if you have any suggestions! Thanks!131

Amber Silverwood+

Hadrian stared. Death stared right back. They had been doing this for the past twenty minutes, and neither were letting up. Marvolo had walked in a while ago, watched for a second, and immediately left. Hadrian twitched, getting annoyed.92

"Forget it, I can't do it anymore." Hadrian exclaimed, throwing his hands in the air and standing up. Death smirked, feeling accomplished. +

"~Master lost?!~" Draka questioned, astonished.3

"~Yes he did.~" Death replied. Both Hadrian and Draka stared at him in awe.1

"How can you speak Parseltongue?" Hadrian asked in English.+

"I'm the one who gifted Salazar Slytherin with the ability. It's only natural that I know the language that I created." He replied smugly.+

"What other things did you make then?" Hadrian asked curiously, sitting back down.10

"Well, I made all of the dark creatures, where as my counterpart made all of the light ones. In fact, I created the first zoometamorphagus." He stated.+

"Who was the first?"+

"A man named Hadrian Harmonia. Your mother Xerthea named you after him." Death replied. Hadrian appeared confused, though only his eyes showed it.1

"Why would she do that." Hadrian muttered, not really to anyone at all.9

"Xerthea believed that you would do great things, just as your ancestor did. She believed that you would surpass him." +

"And what did he do?" Hadrian asked. Death smiled sadly.3

"That is a story for another time." He said.+

"I want to know." The raven demanded. Death sighed in exasperation.8

"Fine, fine. But this will take awhile." He warned.+

"I don't care." Hadrian replied. Death nodded and shifted, getting into a more comfortable position.+

"Hadrian Harmonia was not a kind person, however he was smart and knew right from wrong, though he did have a slight... disability, however that didn't really matter. He was a student of Merlin and learned many things, including the truth about the world. He wanted to share this truth with the rest of the magical population, however they did not accept it. They instead cast him out and sealed his magic, because he was too powerful to simply be let loose. I met him six months after his exile, however he still wanted to share the truth. I decided to let him live, and also gave him his magic back and the ability to change into any animal he wanted.3

"After mastering his ability, he rounded up some wizards and witches, and all of the magical animals, and laid siege on the wizarding community in an attempt to take over. This failed however, and ended up with the discrimination of dark creatures and the death of Hadrian Harmonia. Of course, he had me on his side, so he didn't die. +

"This little story doesn't really show how brilliant he actually was, so I'll tell you. Hadrian was the first ever zoometamorphagus and was able to change into whichever animal he wanted. He brought all of the magical creatures together and managed to almost completely take over the wizarding community. Not just Britain, but the whole world. And most importantly, he discovered the truth." Death finished.+

"And what is the truth?" Hadrian asked. Death grinned.27

"You'll have to figure that out for yourself." He replied. Hadrian scowled.+

"Whatever." He muttered. Death stood and stretched, looking at the clock to see that it was already time for dinner. +

"You should get going. You wouldn't want to keep Marvolo waiting."1

~•~•~•~•~2

September first came around quickly, which brought up the question of what Death would be doing.+

"I'll only be visible to you. Everything and everyone will just pass through me." He explained.42

At the platform, Hadrian met up with Draco and the other Slytherins and found a compartment. Death seemed to be doing his best to embarrass him as much as possible, by whispering things in his ear and touching him all over. Hadrian did his best to keep a straight face without looking constipated.114

"How was your summer Hadrian?" Pansy flirted, sitting down next to him.9

"Fine, Pansy." Hadrian replied stoically. Death was glaring at the girl now, and cast a few spells to make her look ridiculous. The girl screeched, and ran out of the compartment and to the bathroom. Death sat where she had been, sniggering.31

"Tch. Idiot." Hadrian muttered.9

"Did you say something Hadrian?" Draco asked, looking up from his candy.2

"No." He snapped. Draco looked confused, but went back to stuffing his face with candy. 12

"Heh! You sure are the laughing stock here!" Death exclaimed, throwing an arm around Hadrian's shoulders. Hadrian visibly twitched, closing his eyes and trying not to stand up and scream at the white haired man. He subtly pushed the arm off, only for it to find it's way back to a part of his body that nobody should be touching.136

"Wow, for a thirteen year old, you sure are big!" Death said, rubbing him.484

"Hadrian, are you okay? You're kind of red in the face." Draco asked.5

"I. Am. Fine." He stressed, trying to ignore his growing length. Seconds later, he stood up and walked out of the compartment, leaving Death feeling accomplished and Draco confused.167

~•~•~•~•~1

The sorting ceremony was boring, as the first years didn't seem to have much potential. Though, Death seemed to have a good time making fun of them. Especially the newly sorted Hufflepuff that had large glasses and buckteeth. 26

So far, the only thing that would make this year exciting was the escape of Sirius Black, which Hadrian thought was hilarious. Everyone thought that he was a follower of the Dark Lord, but he was actually a firm believer in Dumbledore. Though, he would have been a good asset.14

A few months after school started, Hadrian followed McGonaggal in Hogsmead and learned that Sirius Black was the godfather of Harry Potter. It was then that Hadrian remembered who he had once been.11

It was difficult for Hadrian. Was he Harry and Hadrian, or just Hadrian? What if his father had never taken him back, and he had grown up as Harry Potter? Would he still have been Hadrian?2

Death seemed to sense his inner conflict, and left for a short while to "Death Land", or whatever it was called. This left Hadrian with a night to himself for once, free of weird albinos trying to get in his bed.79

Hadrian went to sleep heavy-hearted.1

~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°3

So I brought back the whole thing of 'Who Am I? Hadrian or Harry?' and have decided to do this for third year, since Hadrian already knows who Sirius is. Please tell me if you want me to have Sirius become dark or 'stay' light. If he turns dark I might want to pair him with Lucius, but I'm not sure. Thanks!187

Amber Silverwood+

Hadrian had been thinking for two weeks about his identity, Death not interrupting it at all. He had come to a conclusion.+

Father,+

Do to past revelations, I have decided that I will not be coming to Riddle Manor for Yuletide this year. Instead, I will be spending time with Sirius Black to get information. Please tell Nagini for me.3

Hadrian+

He had decided to see what Black thought of this conflict, since he would have been close to Harry Potter. +

He spent the next few days tracking the man.+

~•~•~•~•~1

Hadrian found Black in a cave near Hogsmead, sitting and staring at the walls.+

"Hello Black." Hadrian said, stepping out of the shadows he had been residing in.+

The man stood quickly, instinctively reaching for a wand, before realizing he didn't have one and opted to glaring+

"Who are you?" Black asked.+

"I have many names." Hadrian replied, not wanting to say who he was yet.+

"What do you want from me?" The man barked, getting angry.+

"I have an offer."+

"What?" Black growled.+

"You have two choices." Hadrian started.8

"Just tell me already!" Black snapped.+

"The first is that you give me the information I want and I release you from all of your charges. The second is that I kill you right now." He stated bluntly. Black's eyes widened, worried about the obvious threat.4

"What information do you want?"+

"So you are a smart man. Of course, you are a Black. A pureblood like me."+

"What. Do. You want."2

"I have a problem that needs immediate fixing, and your opinion will help me immensely. I will first tell you my names though." Hadrian started. "My birth name is Hadrian Salazar Riddle. I currently live with my father, Tom Marvolo Riddle. My second name, one forced upon me, is Harry James Potter." 5

Black stood unmoving, a deep growl coming from his throat.+

"Do not lie to me. I would know my pup when I see him."82

"Oh believe me, I am telling the truth. How about we sit down, and I'll tell you a story." Hadrian suggested, conjuring two chairs and sitting down in one. Black sat across from him, still conscious of the fact that this kid said he would kill him.3

"Now then. Let's begin with my birth. I was born on July 31, 30 seconds before midnight. Lily Potter also had a child that same night, a couple minutes before me, but the baby died because it was premature. 14

"On my first birthday, a traitor killed my mother and took me to the Potters, going through a blood ritual to change my looks and make it seem as if I was Harry Potter. The Potters spent the next couple of months flaunting me to the Wizarding World, making sure they saw Harry Potter. The child you thought was your godson was me. The actual Harry Potter was dead. My father attempted to take me back on Halloween and killed the Potters, however I was taken by Dumbledore and my father lost his body. I believe that you people on the light call my father 'He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named', or Voldemort as he likes." Hadrian finished. By now, Black was gaping, half terrified and half amazed.+

"You're You-Know-Who's kid?!" He exclaimed, standing up. Hadrian nodded, and motioned for him to sit back down.11

"Now, I would like to have a civil conversation like the Purebloods we are. You are the godfather of Harry Potter. Do you think of me as Harry Potter or Hadrian Riddle?" He asked.+

"You are not my godson. My pup is dead. I would never take a replacement." Black stated after a moments hesitation.66

"Thank you for your time. I will have you released by the next week." Hadrian replied, shaking the man's hand.+

"And how will you do that?" Black asked, unbelieving. +

"I have connections." Was all Hadrian said, before he stepped into the shadows and went back to the common room.61

~•~•~•~•~1

Death came back a few days later, looking like he had just been ravaged by wolves.3

"Employees." Was all the albino said, before collapsing on Hadrian's bed and passing out.48

The next day, Death was still asleep, so Hadrian did his homework in his room since it was a Saturday and watched over the man, slightly worried.4

At 2 o'clock, Death woke up groggily, before seeing Hadrian and immediately perking up.+

"Good morning my little snake!" Death greeted, getting up and sitting next to the raven.29

"It's two in the afternoon." Hadrian mumbled.17

"Oh." Death replied. There was silence for awhile, which was rather strange when both were in the room.3

"Are you..." Hadrian cleared his voice. "Are you... okay?" He mumbled again, feeling awkward about asking how the other man was.6

"Aw, was Hadrian worried about little ol' me?" Death teased, leaning into the teenager.+

"Of course not! I was just being polite!" Hadrian exclaimed.13

"Mhm. To answer your question, I'm good now."+

"What happened anyways?"+

"To put it simply, the souls that work for me don't seem to be able to work without me guiding them. They rely on me too much." Death said dramatically, shaking his head.2

"Souls?" Hadrian asked, suddenly curious.+

"Yep. Any souls that were bad in life come to me and work for me."+

"What, so you mean that there is actually Heaven and Hell?"+

"Ya. All souls go to Heaven, but any evil ones are led to "Hell" for punishment in the afterlife. Really though, you only spend a couple years in Hell, depending on the severity of your crimes, and even then it isn't that bad. You just have to work for me, and I try not to push souls too hard."33

"What work do they do?"+

"Filing documents of souls that have passed, guiding souls to Heaven, or just giving me food when I want it." Death explained.21

"So there is a God."+

"Of course! And he's really awesome too! When I was made, it was when Adam and Eve took the apple from the Tree of Knowledge, and it was so that there was no eternal life for things on Earth. But when I was made, he was super chill about me being Death and all, and he even gave me a job to do! So ya, he's cool. And has an awesome sense of humor." He replied. Hadrian raised an eyebrow disbelievingly.181

"So if I die, I might have to work for you?"+

"You never know. I'm just a creation of God like you. I can't predict the future." Death said. Hadrian nodded, and went back to his work.+

Inside, he still thought Death was an idiot.36

~•~•~•~•~1

"Don't you have a name?" Hadrian asked one day.+

"What do you mean, snake?"+

"Don't you have a name besides Death?" +

"Sure. I'm called Ash, for the ashes that were once the bodies of the living." Death replied.77

"Ash." Hadrian muttered, testing the new name on his tongue. "Ash."+

"Ring around the rosie, pocket full of posies, Ashes, Ashes, we all fall down!"242

~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°1

Yay! A new name for Death! Special thanks to SAK01248 for the suggestion! The "Ring around the Rosie" song is about the Black Plague. Black Plague = Death! I thought it was a fitting theme song for Ash. Thanks!33

Amber Silverwood+

Yule passed smoothly, with Hadrian occasionally talking with Sirius and long nights of talking with Ash in bed.102

Hadrian had gotten used to the albino sleeping in his bed with him, so he simply gave up on trying to push him off. Ash was more than happy with this relinquishment.+

He also accompanied Hadrian to his classes, making them far less boring than before. The man would play pranks on all the annoying brats in the class, though Defence was usually quiet since it was an actually useful class. Defence also brought up certain conversations of his life.+

~•~•~•~•~1

"Does anyone know what a Boggart is?" Lupin asked. Granger waved her hand in the air as usual, answering the question strait from the textbook. Hadrian always wondered why she wasn't in Ravenclaw.47

"You all will be facing one right now. The Boggart will change into your greatest fear and you will change it's looks to make it seem funny, by using the spell Ridiculus. You should know though that the Boggart can change into more than one thing. Pansy, how about you start." Lupin explained, gesturing for the girl to come forward. She sauntered forward and pulled out her wand, waiting for Lupin to start. He opened the closet, and out came a large spider, glaring at the small girl. Quivering, Pansy shouted out 'Ridiculus' and made the spider look as if it were wearing a pink tutu and a tiara.23

"Alright, now line up." Lupin instructed, and waited for the students. Draco was first, while Hadrian was last. "Alright, let's get started."+

Draco's fear, which was a flock of birds continuously circling him, changed into them having their wings stuck together. Daphne's fear was a giant snake, which strangely resembled Draka. She changed it to be slippery so that it couldn't stay upright, flailing along the floor.7

This continued on, with some fears being funny and others being just plain stupid. When it finally got to Hadrian's turn, everyone held their breath. The Boggart didn't change into anything for awhile, trying to find something that he was afraid of. When it finally took form, the whole room was confused.2

The boggart now looked like someone that might be in their year, wearing round glasses and having messy hair. But his smile was sad and depressing.+

"You killed me. You stole me. You took my parents from me." The Boggart said, trying to get under Hadrian's skin.54

"You never knew your parents. You were dead before you got into this world. And it's your fault that your parents were taken. If you had stayed alive, they would have been alive." Hadrian replied, taking a different route for dealing with the Boggart. He simply got over the fear.+

The Boggart started changing again, with Harry Potter not being one of Hadrian's fears anymore. When it took shape again, Hadrian knew he should have said the spell and been done with it.+

In front of him stood his father. But not just his father. Death was beside him.+

"Which one will you choose, Little Snake? Your own father? Or his and your greatest fear? Me!" Death grinned maniacaly.5

"You would never make me choose, Ash." Hadrian replied, eye's narrowing.+

"And how would you know that? Do you actually trust me? Do you actually trust Death?!" Death laughed in his metallic voice. Hadrian flinched slightly, knowing the absurdity of that truth.1

"Yes. Ridiculus." Hadrian muttered, not letting anyone hear him. The force of the spell sent the Boggart flying backwards and into the closet, Hadrian locking it shut behind them. When he turned around, he found that Death was standing next to him, looking pained, and the whole class was silent.5

"Hadrian." Death whispered.1

"What are you looking at!" Hadrian yelled, more to Death than the rest of the class, even though they thought he was yelling at them.+

"Class dismissed!" Lupin said, trying to cool down the atmosphere. Hadrian stalked out of the class, leaving Death. Inside, Hadrian was seething.+

~•~•~•~•~5

He couldn't believe how stupid he was! Even though the students didn't have any idea what that was about, he still had shown weakness, and that was unacceptable. His father would be so disappointed.+

"Hadrian." He heard from beside the bed.+

"What do you want Death."+

"What happened to calling me Ash?" Death asked. Hadrian didn't reply.+

"What's wrong with you, Hadrian? Just because you're afraid of me doesn't me you can't talk."1

"I'm not afraid of you!" Hadrian yelled, sitting up and staring at Death. "I'm afraid of what you can do! You could take my father from me, the only family I have left, in the blink of an eye! Why wouldn't I be afraid of that!" He finished, looking at Death for an answer.+

"I'm not going to take your father from you. He already has slipped me up once, and I care too much for you to do that. It would break you." Death answered.24

"I'm already broken." Hadrian muttered, and laid back down to go to sleep. He felt the bed shift, and knew that death decided he wouldn't leave him alone. He felt arms wrap around him, pressing him to Death's chest.101

"Goodnight, my Little Snake."236

~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°2

This chapter was pretty short, but I packed a lot into it! The next chapter is Chapter 30, a big benchmark for me. I honestly never thought I would get so far in this story, but I'm glad I did! I'm hoping for the next chapter to be double the length of an ordinary one, but I can't make any promises. Thanks!5

Amber Silverwood+

The next few weeks were tiring for Hadrian. With all of the emotional drama that came after the Boggart incident and final tests coming up soon, Hadrian couldn't wait for the school year to be over. A good thing that came out of this though, was that Hadrian got to know Sirius better. It turned out that the man had a dark core, but didn't like his family so he wanted to rebel. He went to Dumbledore and met the Potters, eventually forming the Marauders.6

Dumbledore managed to sway him and blinded his views for awhile, but when he was thrown in Azkaban, he managed to see things clearly.+

Even though Sirius wasn't Hadrian's actual godfather, the man wanted to be. He apparently cared for Hadrian a lot, and wanted to be a part of his life. Hadrian couldn't care less.31

And so it was decided that Sirius would go live with Marvolo at Riddle Manor, but would become a Death Eater after his trial. It wouldn't do good to have the mark when they already thought he was a Death Eater.2

~•~•~•~•~4

With Sirius now gone, Hadrian's only intelligent conversation was with Salazar and Tylin, both whom were glad to have the company.13

Salazar also helped Hadrian with his studies, explaining a form of dark magic for him or giving a history lesson. The most useful one would be happening today.+

As Hadrian entered the chamber, he could tell that Tylin was excited to hear this story, which was strange since he was a snake that had lived for thousands of years. He should have already known what it was.1

"Hadrian, come in. You will enjoy this lesson." Salazar said. His shoulder length black hair swayed as he stood and walked to the table in his portrait, and his bright green eyes watched Hadrian as he sat down.1

"What is it that has Tylin so excited?" Hadrian asked, raising an eyebrow. Salazar rubbed his short goatee mysteriously.+

"Today you will be learning about the House of Harmonia, your family on your mother's side. My family has long since been in contact with them, and have been friends since Merlin's time.+

"Let's start with the first Harmonia, Hadrian Harmonia. Ah, but, you already know about him, don't you. From your companion there." Salazar smirked.+

"How can you see him?" Hadrian demanded. Ash quietly laughed behind his hand, where as Salazar obviously laughed at Hadrian, not even trying to hide his grin.8

"Hadrian, I am already dead. Of course I can see Death." Salazar stated, amused. Hadrian scoffed, turning his head and not replying.12

"Whatever." He muttered.+

"Anyways, skipping Hadrian's creation into the first zoometamorphagus, let's learn about the actual family. Each pair of parents only had one child, as was the "curse" of being a zoometamorphagus. Hadrian had a daughter, named Zara, who married an elf named Rivaille. Of course, the blood of a zoometamorphagus trumps all others, so any elf blood was wiped clean and changed into the top blood. This continued on, with each child getting one less animal, occasionally two less, until Zaria, a male, married a Valkyrus, who are bird hybrids."54

"Did you say Zaria? Valkyrus?" Hadrian suddenly said, interrupting Salazar.10

"Yes, why?"+

"He's the man who made my wand. And he was blonde with blue eyes, and looked twenty something years old." Hadrian stated.10

"Well, as I was saying, Zaria was a strange one. He wanted to be a wand maker, loved it with a passion. He created a Horcrux to ensure immortality, and went into hiding. Based on what you said, I assume he took his dead husband's name, and applied a major glamor to himself. Zaria Valkyrus. Your great grandfather. I don't see why he changed his name though.28

"Moving on, Zaria had your grandmother, Zohara, who married Hayden Ravenclaw, a direct descendant of Rowena Ravenclaw. They then had your mother, Xerthea, who eventually married your father Tom. And that's that. Here we are." Salazar finished.5

"You forgot to mention the name of Zaria's husband." Hadrian mentioned. +

"His name was Thorn." Death butted in. Hadrian stared at the man. "What, he had cool hair that I just couldn't forget. It was a shame when he died. Xerthea didn't get his half black half white hair." 121

"Half white?" +

"Ya, it was literally split in the middle. Very awesome. And natural, completely free from dye." Death stated. Salazar shook his head, worried about Death's strange facination with hair and eyes.77

"Anyways, do you have any other questions?" Salazar asked.+

"Only one. Is there a faster way to find out what my animal forms are?" Hadrian asked.+

"Well, there is one..."+

~•~•~•~•~2

Hadrian immediately regretted having asked that question. The next sessions they had were filled with Hadrian making potions upon potions and mixing the potions with other potions to make a different potion that was actually the same potion as the other potion that he had mixed with the other potion. 136

The potion he was trying to make would forcefully make his body change into each of his animals, giving him a basic sketch of what he was working with. After figuring out which animals he had, he would then have to master each one as if he didn't know what they were. That meant it would take at least a year to master each form.+

Salazar did his best to help with the potion, whereas Ash did his best to ruin it. Though, when he finally got the first part of the potion finished, Ash was kind enough to leave it alone.+

"Now that you finished mixing the basilisk scales and dragon teeth, you need to add the wormwood and phoenix tears. Stir counterclockwise twice and then stir clockwise every minute for four minutes." Salazar instructed. Hadrian did as told, and when he finally finished, he only had to add the final ingredient. His blood.1

"How much?" He asked, preparing the silver knife over his wrist.+

"Seven drops." The man said, gazing down at the cauldron. Slitting his wrist slightly, Hadrian dropped the blood into the cauldron slowly, watching as it turned from green to a clear white. It slowly stopped bubbling, and eventually settled, ready to drink.10

"I just drink it, right?" Hadrian asked, bringing it to his lips.+

"Yes. It's going to hurt." Salazar warned. Hadrian nodded, and swallowed the concoction from the vial he had put it in. +

Nothing happened at first, and Hadrian began to wonder if he had done something wrong. But then a burning came from his throat, spreading down his body until every inch of him felt like it was on fire.3

He felt his body changing into the familiar wolf, with it's white fur and green eyes. The mirror that he had conjured earlier gave him a clear reflection of himself, and he admired the way his muscles moved under the fur. 2

Then the burning came back, and he changed into his crow form. The emerald eyes shown in comparison to his black feathers, but it still looked inconspicuous.+

When he felt his body burning again, he didn't know what to expect. But when he found himself with his belly on the ground, he wasn't all surprised. He appeared to be a Black Mamba, with the usual green eyes. However, Black Mambas usually had a venom that wasn't as strong as a Sea Snake's, but he could feel the strength of the venom coursing through him, and knew that it was probably stronger than a Basilisk's.35

The next time, he found himself as tall as he was in his wolf form. Instead of being a dog though, he was a cat. A snow leopard. His paws were larger than in his wolf form for some reason, but it was probably because he was a bit taller.9

He then found himself even taller, as a stallion. But not any kind of horse. A thestral. His wings were long, stretching across the room, and he was taller than the mirror he had set up, so he had to crouch down to see himself.7

His sixth form was rather interesting. He appeared to be some kind of hybrid between a fly and a scorpion. He had a stinger, but he was smaller than an ant. He had to fly right up to the glass to see himself.31

His seventh and final form was the most surprising of them all. It was completely unheard of for animagus, and there were rather few of them as was. Even Ash and Salazar were shocked, but not as much as Hadrian himself.+

His seventh and final form, was the epitome of Death itself.21

A Dementor.371

~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°1

Yay! Chapter 30! I finally managed to come up with all the creatures Hadrian would be, and I'm rather happy with my choices. Please vote for what you want Hadrian's main creature to be as a comment. 9

1. Arctic Wolf83

2. Crow18

3. Black Mamba (Snake)55

4. Snow Leopard41

5. Thestral80

6. Nargle116

7. Dementor258

YOU CAN VOTE FOR TWO. I'll wait awhile for people to vote, and then update again after I get enough. Thanks!23

Amber Silverwood+

Arctic Wolf - 918

Dementor - 669

Thestral - 52

Snow Leopard - 42

Black Mamba - 36

Crow - 2+

Nargle - 221

Some of these votes are from followers at my school. Not all of them are from Wattpad, so sorry for any confusion! These are the votes so far, but I'll keep updating this and the next chapter should decide his main animal.4

~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°+

"Hadrian." Death said cautiously. Hadrian, in his dementor form, didn't move at all, not taking his eyes off the mirror.+

"Hadrian." Salazar said after Death, worried about his heir.1

"Hadrian!" Death finally yelled, throwing Hadrian out of his shock.+

"What?" Hadrian tried asking, only for whispy sounds to come out.+

"You okay?" Death replied. He seemed to understand the language that Hadrian had spoken in, though, he was death, so it was only natural.+

"Oh, I don't know, it's not like I just found out that I can turn into fear and death itself!" Hadrian sarcastically replied in that whispy sound.1

"Hey, it's not that bad. Now you can talk to the dementors that are here." Death said in a happy voice. Hadrian glared at the man, and tried to turn back to his usual self. As he did though, he felt something pushing him to change into something else. He didn't know which one though, so he continued with returning.24

~•~•~•~•~3

Back as his usual self, Hadrian left the chamber and went back to the dorm, finishing his homework. He ended up helping Draco along the way, leading Draco to ask questions since they were alone.+

"How do you know so much?" He asked.+

"I'm smart." Hadrian replied dully.+

"How are you so smart?"+

"I pay attention in class, unlike you."10

"Ya, but we don't actually learn things, so where did you learn?" Draco kept pestering.+

"Draco. Shut up and do your work." Hadrian growled.+

"But-"+

"Draco!" Hadrian finally snapped. "Where's that self preservation of yours? Or is it all daddy's orders?" He said. Draco looked at him wide eyed, and nodded, looking back at his homework.+

"My father just wants to know more about you, since he had never heard of the Riddles before, except for one person that he said was terrifying and most definitely wasn't related to you. Of course-"6

"Crucio!"276

~•~•~•~•~1

Performing the Unforgivables on an actual human being was more exhilarating than he had originally thought it would be. The feeling of power that flowed through him as he watched Draco writhe on the floor felt so good, he could do it forever. But of course, Dumbledore just had to tell that someone had performed the Cruciatus Curse by Hogwarts, and come rushing to the dorms.27

Sensing the old man coming, Hadrian used a spell to erase the history of the curse and instead broke a few vases with the bombarda curse and stupify. When Dumbledore ran through the door with Snape and McGonaggal in tow, he was already on the floor with Draco, tears in his eyes as he tried to wake the boy up.24

"Mr. Riddle! What happened here!" McGonaggal asked him. Hadrian looked up, eyes red with tears.+

"I-I don't know. One s-second we were doing homework t-together, and then some man came up to us and c-cursed Draco! I tried to fight him off, but he ran away. Please, I-I don't know what do!" Hadrian sobbed. McGonaggal ran up to him and levitated the twitching Draco out the door and to the infirmary. Hadrian followed closely behind, with Dumbledore glaring at his back and Snape wondering what the heck was going on.90

"Oh my, I didn't know it would be this bad!" Madam Pomphrey said as she took Draco to a bed.+

"Now Mr. Riddle, I would like to know what happened." Dumbledore demanded.+

"I already told you." Hadrian replied.+

"Yes, but-" +

"Albus! Take this somewhere else! I have a patient in need of serious treatment!" Pomphrey reprimanded, shooing them out. "Mr. Riddle, go back to your dorm. The teachers will talk now." 2

Hadrian nodded, and walked off. He briefly heard then whispering,+

"Albus, I don't care if he's You-Know-Who's son or not! He is just a child and I will not have you interrogating him for no reason when it is clear who did this!" Pomphrey said. Hadrian moved into the shadows to continue listening, interested in what they had to say.2

"We do not know if Sirius Black did this or not, and it would do no good to assume it was." Dumbledore replied.17

"So you're going to blame it on an innocent boy? You already checked his wand, and he had no signs of any Unforgivables. You are the one who should not be making assumptions." She hissed back. Dumbledore sighed.17

"I will not blame him then." Dumbledore replied. Hadrian left then, and went back to his dorm, pleased with himself.3

~•~•~•~•~1

"Hadrian! What happened to Draco!" Daphne asked as he walked into the common room. The whole of Slytherin was there, wanting to know what happened.+

Hadrian smirked.+

"Draco was hit by the Cruciatus Curse. The professors believe that it was the doing of Sirius Black." He informed them with his smooth and sensual voice that everyone was drawn to.1

"Was it you that did it?" A seventh year asked haughtily. The boy was slightly taller than Hadrian, standing at 5'10" compared to Hadrian's 5'8".21

"What would you like to believe, Rowen?" Hadrian replied with a cool smirk on his face. 1

"Callan, just let it go." A young girl whispered from behind him.+

"No Delane. I won't let it go. So what if this guy is the heir of Slytherin? He's just a third year, probably only knows six spells." The boy, Callan, said.16

"Would you like to test that theory of yours?" Hadrian asked.+

"I will. We'll have a duel tomorrow, midnight, at the trophy room. My second will be Dolohov."40

"Mine will be Zabini." He replied, and shook hands with the seventh year. The girl behind Callan looked up hesitantly at Hadrian, and he grinned back, imitating Death's grin.24

~•~•~•~•~2

All of the Slytherin house was piped up about the duel coming up, and even the other professors could tell. The usually well mannered and quiet table was now whispering everywhere, attempting to be subtle but failing with so many people.+

Hadrian was not worried at all about the duel, in fact, he was excited. The seventh year he would be facing was at the top of the class, and held the most authority in the house. If Hadrian beat this kid, he would instantly get the respect that he only had by the fourth years and below. If he pulled this off, all of Slytherin would bow to him.+

That thought alone had Hadrian smirking.17

The classes went smoothly, and eventually they were all over, dinner passing as well. Everyone was on their toes, anticipating the upcoming duel.+

The news had spread through the houses throughout the day, and kids from Ravenclaw, Hufflepuff, and even some Gryffindors, were coming to see. +

Hadrian sat in the common room, finishing his homework and inconspicuously talking to Ash. They were finally on good terms, and Ash was back to his usual snarky self. +

"Ready?" Blaise said as the clock struck 11:30. Hadrian stood and walked out the door with him, a confident stride in place.+

~•~•~•~•~1

As he entered the room, hundreds of students turned to look, cheering him on or Callan. Blaise walked to the side of the dueling ground, leaving Hadrian to face Callan at the center.+

"I will be judging this duel." Vincent, a sixth year said as the spectators quieted down. "There will be no physical contact or use of magical objects. You can only use yourself and your wand. Bow!" Vincent said, finishing the rules and starting things up. Hadrian and Callan bowed, and walked back as Vincent counted up. On three, they whirled around, and Callan threw the first spell.11

"Crucio!"104

~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°1

Chapter 31 is done! I feel bad doing this stuff to Draco, but he is a bit of a prat. Anyways, I hope you liked the chapter, and KEEP VOTING!!!!! Thanks!+

Amber Silverwood+

"Crucio!" Callan yelled, earning gasps from the crowd. Hadrian tilted his head to the side, dodging it without even moving from his spot. He stayed where he was and didn't lift his wand, opting to subtly move to dodge the curses thrown at him. 9

After awhile, Hadrian started moving. One step forward, and then another, Hadrian looked like a cat stalking it's prey. He was looking up through his eyelashes, a slight smirk painted on his face.1

"Incendio! Reducto! Expulso!" Callan kept firing off spells, and Hadrian kept moving forward. Callan started to look nervous, sweat dripping down his face and his confident grin replaced with one of worry. A plan formed in Hadrian's mind, one of trickery and mind games. 9

He blended with the shadows, seemingly disappearing to the onlookers, and went behind Callan.+

"Is this all that the seventh year's have?" Hadrian said, his voice echoing around the silent room. Callan turned around, firing off a spell, but not hitting anything. "Is this all that the best of Slytherin can do? Salazar Slytherin would be ashamed." Hadrian continued in his calm and quiet voice.+

"Where are you?! Face me!" Callan yelled.+

"I am facing you. Can't you see me?" Hadrian placed the image of a devilish looking creature into the visual cortex of Callan's mind, making it seem as if he was the only one who could see it. Callan screamed, yelling curses at thin air, trying to hit his opponent. Hadrian materialized right behind Callan, whispering in his ear.+

"Can't you see me?" He said. The boy screamed more, scrambling away and falling down in his haste. Hadrian slowly stalked towards him. "Poor. Little. Callan." He said on each step. "Can't beat a simple third year." Hadrian whispered, a pitiful look on his face.10

"G-get away from me!" Callan yelled, raising his wand.+

"Try it." Hadrian said as the boy opened his mouth to say a curse.+

"A-Avada Kedavra!" He screamed. Hadrian watched as the bright green light flew towards him, and waited patiently as it sped past his ear.24

"Are you ready?" Hadrian suddenly asked. Callan looked confused. "Crucio." Hadrian muttered. 9

Callan screamed, tearing at his body and writhing on the floor. Someone ran forward, holding Callan as he experienced the curse.+

"Step away girl." Hadrian said. The girl, Delane he remembered, looked towards him with tears in her eyes.19

"Please, stop it!"+

"Step away." He repeated.2

"No, please, I'll do anything, just stop!" She screamed.+

"I said, step away." Hadrian growled, finished with giving her chances.3

"Please, just stop!" 7

Hadrian stopped the curse and looked the girl in the eye.+

"Sectumpsempra." He muttered. The girl's stomach was cut open, blood flowing out quickly. Nobody moved.96

"The winner... Hadrian Riddle." Vincent said. Hadrian stopped the girl's bleeding and turned to the crowd that had gathered.3

"You will find that you are unable to speak, write and in any form communicate with people of authority about this. Of course, your peers will be able to. As heir of three of Hogwarts's founders, her magic holds you to this law. Goodnight." Hadrian said, and walked away to the Slytherin dorms.51

~•~•~•~•~1

The next day, everyone knew about what had transpired. Callan and Delane were in the hospital wing, but none of the teachers knew what had happened. Hadrian was happy.+

Draco was also out of the hospital wing, finally recovered from the Cruciatus Curse. Strangely enough, instead of shrinking in fear whenever he saw Hadrian, Draco would lower his eyes and bow his head, recognizing Hadrian as more powerful. +

The other students noticed Draco's change in attitude and tried to talk to him about it, but all he would say was that he learned a very important lesson. Many were confused, however some understood instantly. Blaise was one of them.+

"Why did you curse Draco?" Blaise asked him when they were alone.+

"What do you mean?" Hadrian replied innocently. Blaise stared at him. Hadrian sighed. "He needed to be put in his place. Malfoys are born to bow, not lead." He said nonchalantly. Blaise gaped at him.+

"Lucius Malfoy is one of the most influential politicians the wizarding world has ever seen! And you want to say he isn't a leader?!" Blaise exclaimed.4

"Lucius is a puppet to the Dark Lord. Lucius simply carries out his master's orders." Hadrian replied. Blaise went quiet. "Anyone not in power will always be forced to bow. They may try to rise in the ranks, but they will always be lesser to the Master. And the Master knows that. Perhaps, Blaise, you should think about that. But you are a smart boy, and I'm sure you'll figure it out soon enough." Hadrian finished, starting to walk away. Blaise suddenly gasped, his eyes wide as he stared at Hadrian's back.4

"You're the Dark Lord's-" Blaise suddenly stopped. Hadrian turned his head slightly and threw a smirk at the boy, pleased with him. Apparently there were some intelligent people in this generation.49

~•~•~•~•~1

Father,+

I have found that many people are willing to follow without question, even the smart ones. I had dueled a seventh year, the top of his class, and immediately earned the respect of the whole school. The professors know nothing.+

Callan Rowen was his name, and he seemed dependent on the Unforgivables. He had a sister named Delane who I put in place.+

Draco has recognized me as sovereign, though he didn't put up much of a fight, which I find disappointing. Blaise Zabini also managed to figure out who I was to you, and has bowed to me already, just like Draco. Theo Nott and many of the girls have followed their lead.+

On a seperate note, I have found my seven animals, though not my main one as of yet. A snow leopard, arctic wolf, Black Mamba, Nargle (a very small thing that is a cross between a fly and a scorpion), thestral, crow, and dementor are my forms. Death seems particularly pleased with my final form, yet Salazar and Tylin are most happy with the Mamba. 25

Sincerely,+

Hadrian +

~•~•~•~•~3

Hadrian,+

Congratulations on your victory. I am sure that many have learned who is the better. The Rowens are purebloods, who tend to interbreed with their sisters and brothers. I find the thought rather repulsive, as marrying a cousin is much more profitable. Incest in siblings tends to bring about squibs.261

It is good that you have gained many followers. The Malfoys are a good source of political power, as well as the Zabinis. It will do the Death Eaters well that their heirs are following my own.+

It is rather strange that you have those particular animals. I don't recall Xerthea having any of them. Perhaps Death or Salazar could give you more information.5

Marvolo 1

~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°1

Yay! Chapter 32 is done! I hope you all liked it, and next chapter will have Hadrian's main animal. KEEP VOTING!!!!!! Thanks!1

Amber Silverwood+

Salazar had no answer as to how his animals were different from his mother's, so he went to Ash. And even then, the white haired man was very vague.+

"It could be many different reasons, so you'll just have to find out yourself." Ash said. Hadrian sighed, and left for the library.7

~•~•~•~•~1

"I am sure you all know why we are here. Minerva, why don't you begin." Dumbledore said.4

"The students have been great, and the first years are doing very well. However, I have found that many of them look up to Mr. Riddle for help and advice. It is rather unnerving how he smiles at them when they ask for help. It's like he's planning something for them, but I don't know what." She said. Sprout was the next one to speak.+

"I agree with Minerva, but not that he is unnerving. Hadrian is a very good student, always helping his peers, even the Hufflepuffs and Gryffindors! He is a very good role model, and I find it difficult to believe that you think he is some spawn of the devil." She stated.1

"And of course you would believe that. Riddle may be good at what he does, but he is a simple minded fool that believes he is better than everyone. I find it repulsive." Snape snapped. 104

"I have found that he is quite the opposite." Lupin said, speaking for the first time. "He is a very good student, working very hard, and doesn't gloat when he gets a spell on the first try. I think he is my best student." He said. No one dared tell him that Hadrian was the Dark Lord's son, in fear that he would report back to the other werewolves.49

"Thank you Remus. It is always good to hear positive things about the students." Dumbledore smiled, eyes twinkling. Lupin smiled back shyly, accepting the praise.37

The meeting continued on, mostly revolving around Hadrian, and almost always coming to the same conclusion.+

Hadrian liked kids.255

It started with the fact that he would help them out. Minerva always noticed the look on his face, one of peacefulness and tranquility, as if that was the only place he would ever want to be. He would always correct their mistakes in a calm and understanding voice, and not once did they talk back to him. The kids adored him, and would always listen to what he had to say. 7

It was a blessing and a curse.+

Everyone, except for Lupin, knew that Hadrian was the son of Voldemort. So the fact that he could sway children to follow him meant that all of the kids might turn dark for him. Even the ones from light families.20

"Is there anything else to be said?" Dumbledore said, ready to close the meeting.+

"Might I ask, why you are not keeping a better leash on him." Snape asked with an eyebrow raised in question.26

"Mr. Riddle is a student, and so I don't have much control over him, Severus. I only know so much about his parents, but they never appointed someone godparent as far as I know."3

"I believe that Lucius and Narcissa are the godparents." Snape mentioned.+

"How did you come by this information?" McGonaggal asked, surprised.+

"In the year before the Dark Lord's fall, there was a ball to celebrate the marvelous heir. They were appointed godparents there." He snapped.16

"Thank you Severus. Now that we are all done, why don't-"+

"Who is the mother?" McGonaggal cut in. Dumbledore gave her a surprised look.+

"I thought you would know, since they were inseparable in school."+

"Xerthea!" McGonaggal exclaimed. Dumbledore nodded.36

"Thank you all for coming, and have a good rest of the year." He closed.3

~•~•~•~•~1

In his room, Hadrian finally had a chance to take out all of the Deathly Hallows. As he stepped out of the pocket with the items, he saw that Ash had left, before shrugging it off and placing them on the bed.+

They looked perfect together, with the silky texture of the cloak and the smoothness of the stone and wand. As he picked up the wand, he could feel the power coursing through him, and he felt more connected to it than his Black Yew wand. 8

Ash suddenly appeared, pupils dilated and a heated look on his face.28

"What happened to you?" Hadrian asked. Ash licked his lips.40

"I made those items, so they're connected to me. I can feel what they feel. And I just felt the most delicious magic ever." He said, walking up to Hadrian. He backed away from the advancing man, not liking where this was going.95

"Ash?" Hadrian asked quietly.+

Ash was suddenly on top of him, sucking on his neck and licking the skin. Hadrian gasped, grasping the sheets in his fists.232

"Ash. Get off." He muttered, weakly pushing on the man. Ash suddenly bit down, sending a shock wave of pleasure down to Hadrian's groin. He felt something inside of him changing, shifting with the pleasure, and he was suddenly in his mind, looking at a mirror. 113

He saw himself, but then the image changed. He was wearing a cloak, a white cloak, that looked strangely similar to that of a dementor. But dementors were black, so why was his cloak white?27

~•~•~•~•~ (Minutes Earlier)+

"Hadrian won't discover his animal without a shove. He has too complex a personality. He is much like the dementor, cold and willing to take a life when they want, but also like a wolf, fiercely loyal to those he loves, even if he doesn't know that it's love, and also a leader. He is willing to overthrow the hierarchy to be on top. Give him that shove. For him." Marvolo said. Ash nodded.102

~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°1

Here are the final votes!+

Dementor - 930

Arctic Wolf - 93

Thestral - 6+

Snow Leopard - 5+

Black Mamba - 41

Crow - 2+

Nargle - 22

Because I know that a lot of you wanted the wolf, I decided to mix the wolf and dementor. You'll see how it plays out in future chapters! Thanks!14

Amber Silverwood+

(PS - Wolf is such a cliche, I had to change it somehow!)5

When Hadrian came out of his mind, Ash was lying next to him, looking bored.+

"Finally in the world of the living?" He asked as Hadrian turned.5

"How long was I out?" Hadrian asked.+

"Just a couple of hours. Oh, and nice cloak. it looks good on you." Ash said. It was then that Hadrian realized he was wearing the cloak that he had seen in the mirror. He stood up quickly, looking down and examining it. It had a fur like substance on it, making it much softer. Suddenly, something shifted against the back of it.+

"Ash. What is that?" Hadrian asked slowly as he turned to see.+

"Oh. My. Snicker Doodles." Ash said loudly as he approached Hadrian.87

"Ash? What is it?!" He asked again, raising his voice. Ash suddenly broke out in laughter, reaching under the cloak and pulling out something white and fluffy.+

"You have a tail!" Ash laughed. Hadrian gasped, turning in circles trying to see the other ligament. Finally, he managed to grasp onto it, and found that it was very soft, so soft, that he couldn't even get a grip on it.45

Ash kept laughing, covering his mouth with his hand, while Hadrian attempted to gain control of the addition to his body.5

"Ash, it's not funny! I have a tail. A tail! I don't even know how to get rid of it!" Hadrian exclaimed.+

"You just need to get over the pleasure that you had experienced." Ash said, finally managing to stop laughing.+

"Excuse me?"+

"I said, you just need to get over the pleasure. Eventually you'll be able to turn into that thing at will, but for now you'll have to save that for last and deal with it whenever I decide to have fun with you." Ash snickered.48

"Why would I save it for last? This thing seems very useful." Hadrian asked.5

"That's your main form, second to only your original, human body. If you get something wrong, you could end up in that form for days. It's best to start out slow and get the feel of transforming into your other forms, and then you'll be able to try."+

Hadrian nodded, understanding why he couldn't do it.+

"I've already mastered my crow and wolf form. What should I do next?"+

"Whatever is closest to the wolf or crow. Your leopard form is the closest to the wolf, however the thestral would be like a mix between the wolf and crow. It would be more of a challenge." Ash explained.+

"I'll start with the thestral then."+

~•~•~•~•~2

The easiest part for all zoometamorphagus was becoming the animal. The hardest part was moving naturally in it. For Hadrian, he would have to learn two things for his thestral form. How to move in it and how to fly in it.+

He first started by going in the Forbidden Forest and stretching out his wings, which was not too hard. Once he had moved them in all directions, he began walking. He failed spectacularly.9

Trying to walk on hooves was like trying to walk on wooden poles for Hadrian. Taking even one step forward caused him to fall on his stomach.+

After a few hours of practice, Hadrian finally managed to walk normally, so next was trotting and then cantering, and, eventually, galloping.1

Trotting was much easier now that he had learned to walk, and he quickly moved up to cantering. It was much like trotting but smoother and quicker. Galloping was very difficult.2

Putting his feet down at the right time was the hardest coordination trick he had ever done. Right left, right left continually without stopping had him tripping over his legs and releasing his wings at random times. It would take a long time to master this, and he hadn't even started flying.4

~•~•~•~•~1

"Turn to page 394." Snape said as he walked into the defence classroom. Lupin was out sick, so Snape would be subbing in.86

"Sir, we haven't gotten to that section yet." Granger said.+

"Did I ask for your opinion? Turn to page 394." He snapped. Hadrian turned to the page and found that they would be learning about werewolves. Could Snape be any subtler?23

It was obvious that Lupin was a werewolf, so why would Snape be shouting it out to the students?+

They spent the period learning about the differences between werewolves and other animals, while Hadrian wrote a letter to his father. Snape didn't seem to care.+

Father,+

Our Defence Professor, Remus Lupin, is a werewolf, and Snape appears to have a grudge against him. Any ideas as to why?+

I have begun learning to use my thestral form, as I have already mastered my wolf and crow forms. After the thestral, I will learn them as follows: Leopard, Nargle, Mamba, Dementor, and then what I have begun to call my Canis Dementor form.+

Ash had done something to me which forced my main form to appear. As I have a mixed personality, it showed as a wolf and dementor cross. I had the dementor cloak, however it was white and made of a soft fur, and I also had a tail.31

How is Nagini? Draka continues to whine about not being able to see her. I can only hope that Nagini does not do the same.1

Draka has grown very much for some reason. Her venom has become even stronger, and she is now at least seven feet long. She claims that she'll grow to be even longer.8

Hadrian+

~•~•~•~•~1

As he was practicing in his thestral form, Hadrian suddenly remembered his promise to the thestrals.1

He had said that he would release them from slavery, and yet he had done nothing to try. He would now.+

Stretching out his wings, Hadrian started to trot, before speeding up into a full gallop. He jumped up and tried to beat the air with his wings, but ended up back on the ground, still running. He tried again, this time hovering for aa couple of seconds, but ultimately ending up on the ground. Stopping, Hadrian closed his eyes and thought of what it felt like to fly in his crow form.8

Hadrian started trotting, still keeping the feeling in his mind of the air pushing against him and lifting him up. Going into a canter, he imagined his wolf form, sprinting with Draka on his back. Now in a full gallop, he let his wings unfurl and let the wind pick him up, raising him above the trees and into the night sky.+

Grinning inside, Hadrian let out a whinny, trying to find the other thestrals. He flew above Hogwarts, watching as some students snuck past teachers in an attempt to stay out. He flew to the ground at the other side of the school, where the half giant lived, and entered the forest there. He went to the clearing where the oaf held his lessons, and went farther in, stepping over branches with his long legs.+

A snap to the side of Hadrian alerted him to the presence of a raccoon, it's masked face staring up at him in awe. Hadrian continued on, following the hoofsteps that had been left by the thestrals.21

It was rather fun being in this form. The other creatures saw him as a mighty being, much more powerful than themselves. And they should feel that way. Hadrian was more powerful. Some might call it arrogance, but he was just confident in his abilities. His father could atone to that.6

Hadrian enjoyed the silence of night, almost forgetting his objective. Then he came across them.+

The thestrals were in their herd, like a big family. Little colts and fouls were prancing around and playing with each other, while the older ones feasted on the animals they had caught. It was a beautiful scene in his eyes.7

They looked up at him when he entered the clearing, staring at Hadrian. The little ones cautiously strode up to him, sniffing the area around him. He lowered his head to them and didn't move, not wanting to startle the older ones. They would surely be able to beat him in a fight. He hadn't fought in this form before.+

The thestrals all eventually came up to him, and he was able to find the 'leader' of the herd. It was the one he had met in second year.+

It had a strange white star on it's head, coupled with white eyes instead of black. It approached Hadrian.+

"~You have come to us as promised.~" It said.+

"~Yes.~"1

"~And you will grant us freedom?~"+

"~Yes.~" Hadrian replied. It turned to the other thestrals and addressed them.+

"~This young one is one of us. He is of our herd. I claim him as my chosen, should my own colt pass.~" It said. It then turned to Hadrian. "~I am Velox, named for my speed. Your name will be chosen once you are a full member of the herd. This is Fortis, named for his strength. He is my colt, and will lead the herd soon.~" Velox explained. Hadrian did his best to understand the terms, following Velox as he introduced him to the other thestrals.10

"~I will go and get your freedom.~" Hadrian stated as they finished with names. There was Beatus, named for his happiness, a colt, and his brother Tristis, named for his pessimistic attitude towards life. Veloces was named for being swift, and her mate was Vitiosum, named for his viciousness in battle. They had a foal named Mitis, named for being very gentle. Then there was Fortis, Velox's colt, who was still young but already had a mate named Austerus, who was named for being very stern with things. Velox's mate had died, so there was no one else able to lead but him.14

"~Thank you Hadrian. Your name will be chosen after your first battle.~" Velox said. Hadrian nodded, and watched as they all flew away. He turned and flew off towards the castle, already formulating plans.5

~•~•~•~•~1

He tried to ignore it most of the time. But it was a constant struggle. A struggle between him and it. Who would win? Who would be king? No one could help. No one knew. They might have an idea, but they did not know. No one knew. Who would win? Who would be king?70

~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°2

This was a pretty long chapter! I just finished and it's now 9:45. Anyways, Hadrian finally met the thestrals and got some control over his thestral form. All the names are in latin, and I'll list them here.3

Velox - Quick+

Fortis - Strong2

Beatus - Happy16

Tristis - Sad6

Veloces - Swift+

Vitiosum - Vicious2

Mitis - Gentle4

Austerus - Stern+

Hope you all liked it!5

Amber Silverwood1

(P.S. The creatures Hadrian meets may just be appearing in future chapters.)5

PLEASE SEE As I have no intentions of ever discontinuing this story, after more chapters (maybe up to 50) I will create another book that will be a sequel to this. It will pick up where I left off and this one will be completed. That won't be happening any time soon though!+

~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°1

"Minister, something has been brought to my attention that is very concerning." Hadrian started.+

He had gotten a meeting with Fudge as soon as he could, preparing on how to get the thestrals free.+

"How can I help you, Mr. Riddle?" Fudge asked.+

"I am sure you know of the thestrals?" Fudge nodded here. "Well, they have been enslaved by Dumbledore." Hadrian said bluntly. 1

"Mr. Riddle, I must inform you that thestrals are dark creatures and are being used for good at your school. Although I did not know of this, I-" +

"Are you able to see them, Minister Fudge?" Hadrian interrupted.+

"N-no, Mr. Riddle, I am not." +

"So you have not seen Death before. A shame. Thestrals are marvelous creatures. And I can assure you that they are being unfairly treated." Hadrian stated. Fudge sighed.+

"I do not think that-"+

"Would you like being enslaved because of what you were born as? I have interacted with the thestrals, and they are very gentle beings. Very considerate creatures. I believe that if you were able to see them, you would think differently about them." Hadrian finished. Fudge started sweating.13

"Look now, Mr. Riddle, I can not simply retract a-"+

"Yes you can. You are minister. Everyone looks up to you. If you were to state that Hogwarts is no longer able to use thestrals as servants, the populace would agree. Period." Hadrian said, again cutting Fudge off. It was rather fun seeing him sweat like this.53

"I will do what I can, but I make no-"+

"Promises. Promises are fickle things. They can be broken, and often are. That is why I want a vow. An Unbreakable Vow." Hadrian said calmly.3

"Now Mr. Riddle, I will not be taking orders from a-" +

"Lucius agrees with me." Hadrian said quietly. That shut Fudge up.3

"Lucius does?" He asked. Hadrian nodded.+

"Yes. I am very good friends with his son Draco, and have often talked to Lucius about the laws around Hogwarts. He agrees with me on a lot of things. In fact, why don't we bring him in now?" Hadrian suggested.2

"Yes, yes, let's do that. Susan? Would you fire call Lucius and tell him to come here?" He said. A woman walked in and nodded, stepping out to do that.1

Two minutes later, Lucius walked in and sat down next to Hadrian, looking warily at him. Apparently Lucius couldn't get over the fact that Hadrian was Voldemort's son.4

"Thank you for coming Lucius. I was just talking to Mr. Riddle here about the thestrals at Hogwarts. He claims that you agree with him that they are being unfairly treated." Fudge said with confidence. Lucius looked hesitantly at Hadrian, who was almost glaring at him to obey.+

"Yes, Cornelius, I do. I was going to be speaking with you about that soon, as well." Lucius replied.+

"Well, with both of you saying that, I guess I will have to talk to Albus about the thestrals. I can guarentee you, Mr. Riddle, that the thestrals will be free by the end of the week." Fudge sighed.7

"Thank you very much for your time Minister, as well as you Lucius. I appreciate it very much that you are willing to do this for me, as well as the students. Have a nice day." Hadrian said as he stood up, and after Fudge also said goodbye, he walked out of the room with Lucius and turned the corner to exit the building. Before they came across anyone, however, Hadrian pulled Lucius aside and into a dark corner, covering both of then with the shadows.+

"If the thestrals aren't free by next week, I guarentee that you will become well acquainted with the Riddle Manor dungeons." Hadrian hissed. Lucius looked wide eyed at him, nodding. Hadrian took a step back into the light and smiled as if nothing had happened. "Thank you very much for your time, Lucius. I will see you later."66

Lucius nodded and walked the opposite direction that Hadrian was going, obviously trying to get away. When he was gone, Hadrian pulled back in his magic and brushed away imaginary dust, before turning and apparating on the spot.6

~•~•~•~•~1

"Hadrian, where have you been?! You missed the Slytherin vs. Gryffindor game!" Draco exclaimed as Hadrian walked into the common room.+

"I was taking care of some business. Besides, I already know that Slytherin won. The Gryffindors don't stand a chance against us." Hadrian smirked.2

That sent Draco into a rambling about how the Gryffindors were good for nothing imbeciles that weren't worth the nonexistent dust on his shoe. Hadrian walked off and left him to talk to himself.21

"Ash?" Hadrian called out as he entered his room.+

"What." Ash growled.+

"Geez, I didn't even say anything." Hadrian replied.+

"You leave at 5 in the morning, knowing that I hate getting up early. You don't even leave a note, and instead make it seem as if you broke up with me. Explain please?" The man snapped. Hadrian sighed in annoyance.155

"I left early so that you wouldn't bother me while I was speaking with Fudge. I didn't leave a note because I can take care of myself and no one can even kill me. And what do you mean, break up? We were never together to begin with." Hadrian replied as he took off his cloak. Ash whined, coming up behind Hadrian as he held his chest.3

"But Haaadriaaan. Don't you love meee?"49

"No." Hadrian deadpanned. Ash fell on the bed, faking death.145

"You've killed me." Ash whispered, not moving. Hadrian continued removing his garments, placing his rings on the the bedside table as well. 25

"You're Death. You can't die." Hadrian muttered. Ash stayed silent, mulling over that fact.32

"I guess you're right." He finally said, and moved over a bit to let Hadrian one the bed. They lay next to each other, silent for awhile as Hadrian tried to fall asleep.8

"I'm done with the thestral form." Hadrian said in the darkness.+

"Mm." Ash hummed.+

"I'll start with the leopard tomorrow."+

"Tomorrow's Monday. You have school."+

"I'll do it after and skip dinner. Zolton will bring me food." 5

"Mm."+

"Goodnight."+

"Goodnight, Little Snake."50

~•~•~•~•~1

The time was coming. He could feel it. With third year having only two weeks left, he would be back home and safe. But then he would come back. Then he would be closer to it. And it would devour him from the inside out, killing the ones he loved and rendering himself disabled. Who would win? Who would be king?161

~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°2

Another chapter done! This one was shorter, but now the thestrals are free and Hadrian has mastered his form. Leopard next! Thanks!1

Amber Silverwood+

The next day found Hadrian eating breakfast with the Slytherins, idly chatting with his peers. Apparently, Draco's favorite Quidditch team had won a game against their rivals, Pansy's hair had frizzed up because of the Weasley twins, Theo's mom had entered her fifth marriage, and Blaise's dad had left to Romania for the Ministry. All very uninteresting.67

This, however, was the price to pay for going to a school like this. Perhaps he should have gone to Durmstrang, or another school that taught dark magic?38

Of course, his father would never stand for that.+

By now, classes were going to start soon, so he walked with Draco to Ancient Runes, while the others went to Potions. Ash trailed behind him silently.+

"Today, we'll be translating these runes into English using our current knowledge of them. This will be a big assignment and we will continue it for the next week." The teacher said as they all got settled. She then gave them all a three foot long piece of parchment, covered in runes. Hadrian immediately started, going through the runes and writing the translation on another piece of parchment. Ash corrected him when able.50

~•~•~•~•~3

With classes over, Hadrian went out to the forest and sat down with Ash, trying to relax in the dark. He closed his eyes and focused on the next form. That of a leopard.+

He could feel the change happening and finally opened his eyes, noticing that things were much lighter than he expected. Shifting his weight, he experimentally moved around, feeling his new body. It wasn't much different from his wolf form, except that he wasn't covered in thick layers of fur. Moving was much easier because of that.+

Hadrian ran off, jumping over roots and bushes with his 'night vision'. He suddenly stopped, Ash catching up to him and asking what was wrong.+

"Someone is coming." He growled. He didn't know if Ash could understand him, but he hoped he did. Hadrian quietly padded over to a bush and knelt down, waiting for the person to pass by.2

"I swear I saw him coming in here! He couldn't just disappear!" A boy yelled. The group passed by, revealing Weasley, Granger, and Longbottom.8

"Ron, maybe you were just imagining things. It was probably just a magical creature playing tricks on you. We should get out of here." Granger said. Longbottom nodded with her.+

"No! I saw him going here!" Weasley replied. Hadrian smirked, deciding to give them a little scare. He changed into his wolf form and stalked out from behind the bush, growling lowly. They slowly turned around, eyes wide as they stared at his monstrous form. For a second, they just stayed there, before Weasley finally screached like a banchee and ran off with his friends. Hadrian laughed at their stupidity.39

He changed back to being human and turned to Hogwarts, starting the trek back to the castle.10

~•~•~•~•~1

"Today, I would like everyone to try the Patronus charm. Although many of you will not be able to do it, a simple try would be good." Lupin instructed. "As you all know, it is used to repel dementors by thinking of a happy thought, a powerful one. The stronger the memory is, the more corporeal it will be. The animal it becomes will be a reflection of your personality. Begin." Lupin said.42

Hadrian went off with the Slytherins to a side of the room, preparing to practice. He first watched as other people tried, including Draco. On Draco's first try, he managed to get out a little sliver of light before falling to the ground on one knee, apparently hurt. A lot of other Slytherins ended up like this too. Perhaps it was because this was a light spell, and there cores were dark?17

Hadrian turned his attention to his memories, going through them as he tried to find a good one. He stopped at the first time he saw Riddle Manor with his father. Holding onto the memory, he did the wand movements and said the incantation, Expecto Patronum. A sliver of light came out of his Black Yew wand, and he frowned.3

He then moved on to a different memory. The first time he met Draka. Again, only a bit of light came out, but it was brighter this time.+

He thought back to more recent memories, ones with Ash and his different forms. He settled with one. Before he cast it, however, he put away his Black Yew wand and took out the Elder Wand. The wand hummed in his grasp, and he lifted it up.10

"Expectorate Patronum!" He said. A burst of light came forth, morphing into something. It was blurry, and Hadrian wasn't able to tell what it was before it vanished from sight, leaving Hadrian exhausted. He wasn't good at Light magic.15

Ash snickered from behind him, amused at his fail.+

"You know, your core is gray. You should be able to do this. Though I understand that you aren't exactly a fan of Light magic, so you haven't practiced much of it." Ash commented. Hadrian glared.13

"Shut up."+

"Yeesh! I was just commenting!" Ash exclaimed.+

"Mr. Riddle, is there a problem?" Lupin asked as he saw Hadrian muttering.+

"No." Hadrian replied. He raised his wand again and held onto the memory, trying again. Just like the last time, it only held for a second and left Hadrian tired. He sighed, sick of trying Light magic.+

"I hate light magic." He muttered.15

~•~•~•~•~1

Hadrian,+

It has come to my attention that Dumbledore will be planning something against you. I want you to keep and eye on him, by whatever means necessary. Whatever information you gather must be reported back to me as soon as possible. Be careful. 16

Marvolo+

Hadrian reread the letter, trying to discern what Dumbledore could possibly be planning. Because it had to with himself, it may have to do with the whole Harry Potter issue. If not that, then his relationship with his father.+

Standing from his bed, he went up the stairs to the common room and silently walked through the halls, ending up outside in front of the castle. He transfromed into his crow and flew off, circling the castle to find Dumbledore's office. When he did, he landed on the window sill and looked in, finding Dumbledore talking to his phoenix.5

He couldn't hear anything though, so he slowly slid his beak through the crack and pushed the window open slightly, just enough to hear and not let too much of the cold night air in.+

"-if he does? I don't want anything happening to the students, but this is a risk I must take. Tom can try to fight all he wants, but the light will always prevail." Dumbledore muttered, stroking the phoenix. The bird cooed, rubbing it's head into Dumbledore's hand.+

"You understand, right Fawkes? Young Hadrian is a darkness that will not go away without a strong light. And he himself will be that light. Ironic, isn't is Fawkes? That the son would kill the father, just as Tom did himself." Hadrian heard. His eyes widened. Dumbledore wanted to use him as a tool to kill his father? He had no idea how that would work, seeing as he had Death on his side, which, though not noticeable, had a reasonable mind.13

Hadrian stayed silent, listening as Dumbledore mumbled about random things. Was this guy insane? The genius man that everyone talked about didn't seem to be here. All there was was a shell of a man, insane and bent on winning a war that was already lost.6

Hadrian flew off, having gotten all the information he could get from that bumbling fool.8

 ~•~•~•~•~2

Father,+

Dumbledore plans to use me to kill you. How, I do not know, but even through his insanity, the old coot is smart. He will think of something. You know what to do if Dumbledore somehow manages to control me.+

Hadrian+

Their agreement was a cold one, but necessary. Ash knew what it was as well.+

Looking up, he gazed at the white haired man on the couch. He was strange, considering he was Death. The energetic and sarcastic man was not what anyone would guess Death to be like. Though he did have his moments, Ash acted more like a child than anything else.19

Despite this, however, Hadrian had grown fond of him. He was a nice diversion to the dark days that were coming.+

And even though Ash was perverted, Hadrian enjoyed their ceaseless banter, something his father would probably frown upon.11

Casting these thoughts aside, Hadrian gave the letter to his owl, Cerphus, and watched as the white bird flew away.+

"Sooo. Hadrian. Mind telling me what Dumbles is planning?" Ash asked.+

"He wants to use me to kill my father. I'm not sure how though." Hadrian said.+

"I'm gonna be leaving for awhile, so I won't be able to help you with this." Ash replied seriously.+

"Where are you going?" +

"I have an important job coming up, and I need to be the one to bring the soul, since it's an important person." Ash explained.32

"Who is it?"+

"Now, I can't tell you that, now can I?" Ash reprimanded.+

"I'm the Master of Death, I should be able to know." Hadrian replied.13

"Hm." Ash sighed, and stood up. He placed a hand on Hadrian's head, ruffling the hair affectionately. "I'll be back soon. Don't do anything reckless." He said, and disappeared without a sound. Hadrian sighed, and went back to his assignments.13

~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°4

Sorry this took awhile! I've recently been going on a Markiplier Marathon and have been trying to find some good video games to play. I like games like Kritika, Moonlight Online, Assassin's Creed, and other games with good graphics. If you have any suggestions, just leave a comment! Hope you all liked the chapter, thanks!47

Amber Silverwood1

Hadrian,+

I wouldn't put it past Dumbledore to try something like that. Stay alert, and make sure that Ash is with you at all times.+

Marvolo +

Hadrian sighed, putting the letter down and rereading the vague message. Ash was gone now, so he wouldn't be able to follow that order. But why would he want Ash by him anyways? It's not like Dumbledore will actually succeed at somehow making him a puppet.7

~•~•~•~•~1

"Hadrian, look! Sirius Black has been cleared of all charges!" Draco exclaimed as he walked into the Great Hall. Hadrian took the paper as he at down, skimming over the page.3

Apparently his father had done good work with the trial of Black. He had gone to the trial himself and asked questions to Black who was under Veritaserum. Then, pandemonium. Everyone started questioning the minister, and Black was quickly released and given 250,000 galleons in repentance, which was a very big loss to the ministry.14

Black was still not very happy, but was grateful to Marvolo for getting him his freedom and had decided to stay at Riddle Manor.4

Setting the paper down, Hadrian started eating breakfast, undisturbed by the news. The Gryffindor table was the loudest, yelling about the 'horrible' news of Black's freedom.3

"Hadrian, what will you be doing over the summer?" Pansy asked, leaning in.+

"I will be with my father." He said, being vague.+

"You should come over to my manor at sometime." Draco butted in.7

"I have things I need to do. I don't have time for playing around." Hadrian replied, looking up at the blonde. Draco sighed, nodding his head in defeat. He knew better than to argue with Hadrian.32

This brought to mind, however, the fact that there was only a few days of school left. Then he would be back with his father, safe. So would Dumbledore execute his plans next year?8

~•~•~•~•~1

The ride on the train was more boring than ever. Draka was sleeping the whole time, Draco wouldn't stop talking, and the other Slytherins were either playing annoying games of exploding snap or yelling at the top of their lungs how cool they were.4

Sighing, Hadrian opened a book and tried to tune out the ruckus.+

I wonder what would happen if I cursed them all right now. I could use a silencing charm and just watch as they all writhe in pain. Hadrian thought, his fingers twitching for his wand. He shook his head though, throwing that thought out. But it crept back up, knawing at the back of his mind. His head twitched to the side noticeably, causing Draco to look at him strangely.10

"Hadrian? You alright?" He asked.+

"Fine." Kill him. 35

"You sure? You're looking rather pale." Draco continued.+

"I'm fine." Hadrian growled. Kill him. It'll be easy.35

"If you say so." Draco sighed. Hadrian fingered his wand which was now out of it's holster, the yew smooth against his hand. The elder wand was now in his left hand as well, ready to serve it's master.5

Kill him. Now. Hadrian started raising the yew wand, his magic gathering. He stopped suddenly though, eyes widening. Why would he kill Draco? The boy wasn't a threat, and killing him would make things much harder politically. Why would he even think of killing him? Hadrian slowly put his wand down, just as the train came to a stop at the station.4

"See you guys in September!" The girls waved as they walked off the train. Hadrian and Draco followed behind, looking around for their parents. Draco spotted his dad first, the platinum blond hair standing out like a light at night. Hadrian went with Draco and greeted the elder Malfoy, bowing in respect.+

"Lucius. A pleasure." Hadrian said. +

"As always, Lord Peverell." Lucius nodded back. Marvolo suddenly appeared behind Hadrian, placing a hand on his shoulder. +

"Hello Hadrian, Lucius, Draco." He nodded, a ghost of a smile on his lips.+

"Lord Riddle." Lucius replied, bowing. Marvolo smirked.+

"Hadrian, we must be going. Until next time." He said, and apparated the both of them out.+

~•~•~•~•~1

Hadrian let out a sigh of relief as he landed on the ground of Riddle Manor. The urge to kill had been so strong, he worried that he might have. Marvolo glanced at him from his side, before stepping into the manor with Hadrian close behind.+

"There will be a Death Eater meeting tonight. I'd like for you to attend." Marvolo started as they walked up the stairs to the rooms. Hadrian raised an eyebrow in question.+

"Oh really?"+

"Yes. You will not have a mask, but you will wear the robes that I give you." Marvolo stated.4

"Good." Hadrian nodded. +

"Be in the ballroom at seven. No more than two minutes late."3

~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°2

So sorry this took so long! I've been working on a Pirates of the Caribbean fanfic, as well as a Bleach fanfic, and the end of the trimester was coming up, so I barely had any time at all to write! But guess what guys. I just went up for ranking for karate, and I got my next belt! Yay! Anyways, hope you guys liked the chapter! Thanks!11

Amber Silverwood1

In his room, Hadrian looked in the mirror at his dark reflection, the candle at his bedside being the only source of light. His green eyes shown in the night, and his raven hair cast a shadow over his face. +

He had grown in the past years, no longer a child. All baby fat had disappeared, and he had grown even taller, now standing only a few inches shorter than his father. Draka, too, had grown. Now eight feet long and with a girth of half a foot, she had taken to sliding on the floor next to him, rarely on his shoulders anymore. For this night though, she would.20

Opening the door, he stepped out of his room, cloak billowing and the light shining on Draka's scales.+

"~You will be late.~" Draka said. Hadrian nodded.+

"~I know.~" They walked in silence the rest of the way, and by the time they reached the double doors, it was exactly two minutes past. Sighing, Hadrian pushed the doors open, silence falling as he walked in.+

"My followers! My son, Hadrian, will be joining us this night and forward. You will respect him as you do me." Marvolo said as he stood up, gesturing for Hadrian to come forward. He stopped in front of the stairs, looking down at the Death Eaters.+

"My Lord, I hardly think a child should be with us during-" A Death Eater started. Hadrian stepped forward, cutting the man off. He slowly walked to the man, the others parting the way for him as he advanced.21

"What is your name?" Hadrian asked quietly in a whispy voice. +

"D-Devlin, Alec Devlin. Young Lord." The man sneered, though still on the ground.+

"Devlin. I've heard that name before. You're a half-blood, are you not? You're mother was a mudblood, and your father left the wizarding world for her?"2

"Yes." Devlin smirked. +

"Why are you here?" Hadrian asked bluntly, cocking his head to the side. Draka moved on his shoulders, showing off her head as she flicked her tongue out.+

"~Stupid humans. Waking me from my sleep.~" Draka hissed.30

"~So sorry dear Draka. This fool thought it funny to insult me.~" Hadrian cooed.+

"~Then I shall kill him.~" Draka snapped, sliding off his shoulders and to the ground, rearing up before the man.+

"~Calm, Draka. I must instill fear within them without your, or father's, help.~" Hadrian replied, holding out an arm and letting Draka slide back up his body.2

The man was shaking now, feeling Hadrian's magic sweep over the room.+

"Now Alec, don't be afraid. It's not like I'll kill you or anything." Hadrian started, crouching down to be eye level with the man. 31

"Well, I certainly didn't expect you to. You're only, what, fourteen? You probably haven't killed in your life." Devlin sneered. Something flashed in Hadrian's eyes, making him tighten his hands into a fist around his wands.5

"I'll have you know, Alec, that I only kill those who are worth the trouble. No one has shown up yet, unfortunately, that has offered me a decent fight for life." Hadrian sneered. 2

"You sure are full of yourself." Devlin replied. 3

"Get up." Hadrian ordered, turning around to walk closer to the steps.+

"Wha-"14

"UP!" Hadrian yelled, flashing back around and raising the yew wand which was in his left hand. Going into the stance he had made, Hadrian kept his left arm out and brought his right arm to his side, bent at a forty five degree angle. The left hand, which held the yew wand, was ready for defense as the wand was made to. The elder wand, strengthening his magic, was prepared for attacking as the shield was up. There were no flaws because he was ambidextrous, able to use both hands equally as well. 19

His legs spread shoulder length, bent slightly and ready to move as his body turned to face sideways. Devlin raised his own wand, eyes narrowing in anger.1

"You'll regret this kid." He said. Hadrian scoffed in amusement.+

"We'll see about that." Hadrian replied, and put up a sheild quickly as Damon threw the first spell.13

Do not make me regret letting you do this. Hadrian heard Marvolo in his mind, the warning clear. If he lost this duel, the consequences would be unimaginable.1

Don't worry then. Hadrian replied, and went back to the duel. +

Throwing a curse at Devlin, Hadrian switched to an offensive position by turning his body to face the other direction. The elder wand went back and forth speedily, curses being fired every second. Devlin was quickly overpowered, and when he was finally on his knees, Hadrian stopped. +

He bent down to lift Devlin's face up, grabbing the scruffy jaw. +

"Who's regretting now?" Hadrian whispered, bringing his wand up slowly to throw out one last curse.+

"Avada-" Before Hadrian could finish, Devlin jumped back and drew his wand again.+

"Morsmordre!" He yelled, the green light fast approaching Hadrian.+

What? That's not a curse, that's a charm to show Father's mark. Hadrian thought as the light leaped towards him. Just before he was hit, Marvolo appeared in front of him, throwing off the curse and gliding over to Devlin swiftly.+

"One of the first things I teach my Death Eaters is that only I mark my followers. Any other who does will die. And not by me, but by the magic drained from them. You, Alec Devlin, are a disgrace to the Wizarding World. Avada Kedavra!" Marvolo yelled, killing the man.39

Hadrian stood in shock, watching as the man was killed. Marvolo turned to face, worry in his eyes only. 1

"Let this be a warning to you all. Hadrian is far more powerful than you, as you have seen. As well as that, my curse mark is not for insufferable fools to use. From now on, only my inner circle will be permitted to use it. To the rest of you, Obliviate!" Marvolo finished, raising his wand toto the ceiling and mass obliviating everyone but his most trusted followers.25

~•~•~•~•~2

"How was it?" Marvolo asked. The meeting had finally finished, and everyone had left except for the inner circle. They were currently in the his office, while the inner circle was waiting in the dining room.+

"Boring. All I did was listen to idiots ramble on about their accomplishments." Hadrian sighed, resting his chin on his hand. Marvolo breathed out a laugh, agreeing.1

"Yes, the meetings with my inner circle are much more interesting." He replied.33

They got up and walked back downstairs, entering the dining room and sitting down, Marvolo at the head and Hadrian at his right.2

"Now, let us begin."+

~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°1

IMPORTANT NOTE HERE, PLEASE READ +

Hello again! I hope you all liked this chapter, as I did my best to get it up as soon as possible because of the delay of the lest one. I'd also like to mention that I'm taking oneshot requests now. Any pairing (Death/Hadrian, Marvolo/Xerthea, etc.) is accepted, and I'll do my best to post it as soon as I can after you request it. I'll even do outlandish ones too! (Marvolo/Hadrian, Death/Marvolo (though that isn't outlandish), etc.). Thanks!74

Amber Silverwood+

The months continued on in an endless cycle of the same thing over and over again. Wake up, eat, read, train, eat, sleep, and repeat. His father did his best to make things a bit more exciting, by taking him to Paris, Japan, America, and Australia, but they did little to brighten his days. His father apparently had an explanation, though.28

"Hadrian, I understand that you have been rather bored lately." Marvolo started.+

"No, I've been having the time of my life." Hadrian stated sarcastically. Marvolo stared, unamused.+

"You miss him, do you not?" He asked. Hadrian stared in confusion. "You miss Death."37

"That sounded wierd." Hadrian muttered.13

"You do though. You had grown dependent on him, and then he left. I am correct, yes?" Marvolo continued. Hadrian twitched in his seat, irritated.2

"Father, I hardly think this is-"+

"But it is." Marvolo cut in. Hadrian narrowed his eyes, not liking where this was going.+

"I have things to do." He muttered, standing up and leaving his father's room.+

"Hadri-" Hadrian shut the door, cutting him off. He stalked down the halls to his room, a dark aura surrounding him.16

Entering his room, he kicked the door shut and sat at his desk, silent.+

"I need a break." He muttered, before disappearing into the shadows right before the door opened and his father walked in.1

~•~•~•~•~1

Hadrian appeared in France, frustrated and exhausted. He entered a hotel, and approached the desk.+

"Donnez-moi une chambre." He muttered to man, handing a few galleons on the table.111

"Chambre 666." The man replied, handing him a set of keys.127

"Merci." Hadrian said, and walked off.9

After finding his room and entering, Hadrian immediately lied down on the bed and closed his eyes, not bothering to change.+

~•~•~•~•~2

Hadrian awoke to singing birds and a bright sun the next day, and groggily got up from the bed to prepare for the day. +

Changing from the robes he had been wearing to nice dress robes with a flick of his hand, he called to Zolton and ate the breakfast he was given.+

"The newspaper, from both France and England." Zolton said, handing him two papers. Hadrian grabbed the French one first, the headline catching his attention.+

Tournoi des Trois Sorciers, qui se tiendra en Angleterre et Hogwarts! It read, shocking Hadrian. The Triwizard tournament was not mentioned anywhere in the England newspaper, so why was it here? 48

He went downstairs, going to ask the clerk at the desk.+

"Pourquoi le Tournois des Trois Sorciers n'est-il pas mentionné en Angleterre?" He asked, resting his arms on the table. The man laughed, leaning back in his chair and running out of breath.63

"Ils pensent qu'ils sont si forts qu'ils n'ont pas besoin de s'entraîner!" The man exclaimed, throwing his head back yet again in laughter.88

"Merci." Hadrian muttered, walking away.+

Dumbledore was such a fool, Hadrian thought. England would not win the cup if no one even knew about it. Unless, of course, he manipulated some poor kid to cheat. Which he wouldn't be surprised if actually happened.5

He walked the rest of the way to his room, contemplating his next move. He could enter his name into the tournament to make sure nothing happened to anyone else, but that may be what Dumbledore would be trying to do. In that case, he would get some random Gryffindor to do it, and hope that France or Bulgaria was kind enough to not kill them. Maybe.+

~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°1

Donnez-moi une chambre - Give me a room+

Chambre 666 - Room 6666

Merci - Thanks+

Tournoi des Trois Sorciers, qui se tiendra en Angleterre et Hogwarts - Triwizard tournament to be held in England at Hogwarts7

Pourquoi le Tournois des Trois Sorciers n'est-il pas mentionné en Angleterre? - Why isn't the Triwizard Tournament mentioned in England?2

Ils pensent qu'ils sont si forts qu'ils n'ont pas besoin de s'entraîner! - They think they're so strong that they don't need to train! 3

Sorry if I got any of the translations wrong! Google can't always be trusted.30

I am soooooo sorry everyone! I got sick awhile ago and couldn't stop sleeping (a horrible flu), so I wasn't able to update. However, I was just barely able to get this one in without throwing up on my kindle, so yay! Hope you all liked it, and sorry it was so short!3

Amber Silverwood+

September the first came slowly, with Hadrian relaxing the whole time and letting his body cool down from the rough training his father had been putting him in.+

Packing his trunk, Hadrian shadow stepped to the station and entered the train with his trunk shrunk in his pocket.12

Finding a compartment, he sat down and waited for the other Slytherins while idly chatting with Draka. Draco came first, sitting down and saying hello to Hadrian.+

"Did you know about the Triwizard Tournament?" Hadrian asked, leaning forward in curiosity. Draco looked shocked at his words, obviously not knowing of it.+

"No, I didn't know a thing. It's happening this year?" He asked. Hadrian ignored him, thinking hard.+

"No one knows, if no one knows then Dumbledore doesn't know, but that's not right he always knows so he did know but kept it secret but he needs credentials and forms so the minister knows but the minister would tell so why didn't he but if Dumbledore had-" He stopped mid sentence, looking up to stare at Draco with wide eyes. By now the train had started moving, and the rest of the group were watching Hadrian's genius show.1

"The minister is under the Imperious." He whispered, still wide eyed. 22

He stood up, pacing, Draka opting to look on in amusement from the sun shining through the window to hit the seats. +

"If the minister is under the Imperious, that explains why all of the laws have been towards segregation of dark creatures and more banning of "dark" spells. That also would explain why Lucius didn't know anything about the tournament, which would explain why Father didn't know anything. But how would Father not know? He should know more than anyone. It was only by luck that I was in France at the time I was. Conclusion: We need Fudge gone." He finally finished, sitting back down and closing his eyes. He never noticed the amazed looks of the teens in front of him.20

Father, Fudge is under the Imperious Curse. We need him gone or we won't get any information from Lucius. Hadrian said over the link his Father and he had from the Horcrux.+

I know. Marvolo replied. Hadrian opened his eyes in shock.+

What?+

While you were gone off on vacation, I was being productive and searched the ministry. It's obvious that Fudge is being controlled, so I have already taken steps to insure that he goes. Or Dumbledore goes and Fudge's usefulness shows itself again. Marvolo stated. Hadrian sighed in frustration. He still hadn't beaten his father in terms of mental prowess.5

Returning to his current environment, Hadrian examined the eyes staring at him.+

"What was that?" Draco asked bluntly.+

"A competition between my father and I. Unfortunately, I lost." He replied bitterly. +

Draco raised and eyebrow.+

"What?" Hadrian snapped.+

"Nothing." He replied, shaking his head. Hadrian groaned quietly, annoyed with the world around him.+

Why, why did everything have to be so confusing, and annoying, and hard, and plain, and beautiful enough that it got him wanting to destroy it? Why?! 40

~•~•~•~•~2

"This year, a very special event will be taking place. The Triwizard Tournament." Dumbledore started, circling the covered pedestal.+

Whispers broke out among the students, and even some of the professors looked surprised.2

"Three students, one from each school, will be participating in this tournament. And a new rule, to insure maximum safety, is that the student must be of seventeen years or older." And with that outraged cries broke out. The Weasley twins were yelling from there seats, while others stood in disbelief. Hadrian sat quietly, eyeing the crowd.1

"Silence! Two other schools will be joining us, from France and from Bulgaria. Mr. Crouch will be overseeing the tournament as well." At this, Hadrian let out a loud laugh, drawing attention to himself. Bending over, he waved his hand as if shooing the people staring at him away.18

"Sorry, sorry, don't mind me. I just don't see HOW, in MERLIN'S NAME, that guy is qualified to oversee some kids kill each other in a tournament that will give you one day of glory before people get bored and move on to the next catastrophe." Hadrian said, addressing Dumbledore mostly. Crouch's face turned red, something that his son never would have done.29

Unlike Barty Jr., Crouch Sr. was not at all handsome in any way, the only thing in common with his son being the eyes. 37

At his outburst, the whole student body as well as the professors turned to stare at him in shock.+

"Mr. Riddle, Mr. Crouch is more than capable of overseeing the tournament." Dumbledore replied, an edge in his voice which Hadrian could tell was a warning.+

"Alright, but don't come crying back to me when Death Eaters raid the school." Hadrian said nonchalantly, causing the students to panic.+

"Mr. Riddle, what could you possibly mean by that?" Crouch asked nervously.+

"Everyone already knows that your son is a Death Eater, right?" Hadrian stated, looking around as chaos broke out. "Oops. Guess not." He smiled sheepishly.150

~•~•~•~•~2

"I can't possibly fathom why you would purposely ruffle Dumbledore's feathers and get detention because of it intentionally." Snape snapped as he watched Hadrian clean cauldrons from his desk.14

"... I did it for the students. So that no one will enter. Hopefully." Hadrian muttered, slowing down his scrubbing as he answered thoughtfully.26

Snape stayed silent, opting to finish paperwork than reply to the strange comment. +

~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°4

So sorry for not updating in such a long time! Christmas brought along video games and wasted time, as well as time spent away from wifi at my grandparents house in LA. I will be posting the Christmas Special I made though, well, a late Christmas Special. Hope you all liked it!3

Soooooooo... What'd you guys get for Christmas? Post in the comments your favorite gift! (Mine was my three cartilage piercings... Or Omega Ruby... Or Fire Emblem Awakening...)35

Amber Silverwood +

"No."2

"Come oooooon Haaaadrian! Have a little Christmas spirit!"7

"I said no."+

"It's plenty warm downstairs!"+

"S'not the same as bed." Came the muffled reply.15

"Fine." For a moment, there was no movement, before Hadrian was suddenly grabbed from the bed and lifted into the arms of a warm body.+

"Hey! Put me down!" Hadrian yelled, thrashing. A sigh was heard, and then a thud as Hadrian hit the ground hard. "I said put me down, not drop me." He muttered.+

"You didn't exactly specify if you wanted to be placed on the ground like a pretty little princess."11

"Shut up Ash!" Hadrian replied, blushing. Picking himself up, he walked behind the white haired man as he led them to the living room. Upon entering it, Hadrian saw that Ash had taken it upon himself to decorate the whole room with green and red lights, as well as putting a giant tree by the fireplace, covered in ornaments and lights, with an angel on the top as well.16

"Merry Christmas, little snake." Ash whispered in his ear as he led the younger to a couch.13

"What did you do to my house?" Hadrian whined, still tired from being woken up at four in the morning.19

"I just added a bit of pizzaz to your bleak and dreary home. All of the shenanigans were taken care of by my assistants." Ash replied, running over to the tree and grabbing a small little box from underneath it. "For you, my little princess."36

"Shut. Up." Hadrian growled, snatching the box from his hand.+

Sighing, Hadrian opened the box and took out the jewel, turning the clear and glowing stone in his palm. +

"This is-" +

"Yes, a Limitless Stone. The only one of it's kind. I just barely managed to get it from the core of the world. That magma was not a very pleasant thing to swim in." Ash explained, cringing at the last bit. "Although it would usually only increase your magic, I added some charms to it, so that you'll always be safe, even when I'm not around. That's also a promise, that you'll always live as long as I serve as Death. Because if you die, I will never hesitate to return you." He finished seriously. 58

Hadrian sat quietly, turning the stone in his palm for a minute.+

"... I don't have anything for you." He finally muttered. Ash let out a loud laugh, grinning in amusement.+

"What I want from you, is something I could take whenever I want. But for now I just want you to promise me something." Ash replied.40

"What is it?" +

"Promise me that you won't give yourself to another. Not even a kiss."107

"...Alright. I promise."194

~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°+

Merry Christmas, and Happy New Year! I'm updating this late because I just got back from LA, where I don't have wifi, so I couldn't update on Christmas Day. Sorry for the delay!2

Amber Silverwood+

The night that the goblet was open for entering came, and half of the room was filled with foolish Gryffindor's daring each other to enter. The Weasley twins then came in, carrying a potion and flaunting their work to all. Hadrian remained in the shadows, watching.6

In perfect harmony, the twins drank the potion and hopped in the circle, still for a moment. Finally, the Gryffindors cheared as they put their names in the cup, grinning, before being thrown out by Dumbledore's magic. Angry, the twins tackled each other, a circle forming around them.17

Hadrian left the comfort of the shadows, stepping into the dark room and unnoticed by the other students. He stalked around the circle, analyzing the magic surrounding it.+

The magic itself was blaring white, courtesy of Dumbledore, but the cup was surprisingly dark. It wasn't easy to see, what with Dumbledore's magic, but he could faintly see the outline of the dark magic. Merging with the shadows yet again, he reappeared in the circle and touched the cup, his body halfway in the shadows. +

The cup hummed when he touched it, and magic flowed from it, almost as if it were alive. Reaching out with his own in curiosity, he quickly recoiled as the magic turned aggressive and pulled some of his own in. 35

Shocked, he slid back into the shadows and waited for his heartbeat to slow after the panic he experienced. +

Great. This is just... brilliant.2

~•~•~•~•~+

"The Champion for Beaxbatons, Fleur Delacour!" Dumbledore exclaimed, cheers coming from the French ladies. Hadrian eyed the young woman who stood up, examining her magic.+

It was rather light, but not as blaring white as Dumbledore's. She had gentle features, and seemed to be fairly powerful. But not enough to win. +

"The Champion from Durmstrang, Viktor Krum!" He continued.9

A burly man stood up, the people surrounding him patting him on the back, and walked up to Dumbledore and went to the area that Fleur had gone.+

His magic was much darker, and he was noticeably more powerful than Fleur. The feel of his magic insinuated that he had cast at least one of the Unforgivables before, which gave him an advantage in the tournament.+

The students silenced once again as Dumbledore reached for the paper that had flown out of the cup.+

"And the champion from Hogwarts, Cedric Diggory!" Hadrian cursed in frustration. A Hufflepuff. He had been hoping that one of the Slytherins would get picked, as they would be least likely to get injured, but now it was almost guarenteed that a student would get seriously hurt.33

Dumbledore began his closing words, but was interrupted when the cup spat out yet another piece of parchment.+

"Hadrian Riddle." Dumbledore muttered in astonishment. Hadrian's head snapped up, hearing the faint words that the students hadn't heard. "Hadrian Riddle." Dumbledore spoke up this time, looking around the room.+

"I was right." Hadrian whispered in astonishment. "It's living."+

"Hadrian Riddle!" Dumbledore roared, eyes blazing with anger.58

Hadrian elegantly stood up, crossing the room towards the old man. Raising his occlumency shields, he locked eyes with Dumbledore and remained calm, even with the eyes burning holes in the back of his head from the Gryffindors.+

"Did you put your name in the cup?" Dumbledore asked angrily.54

"No, however I am assuming that you didn't bother 'noticing' that the cup is living. And that with even one touch of magic, the cup will decide if it likes you or not." Hadrian replied with not a hint of emotion in his voice.1

"So you did." Dumbledore growled.+

"How was I supposed to know that it would take my magical signature?!" Hadrian snapped, whispering quietly. "You're the one who should have told us how the thing works! Not me!"4

"Go with the other champions then. You are apart of this competition now." Dumbledore finished, and shoved him over to the doors.11

"Useless piece of cow dung. Can't see truth if it were right in front of him in a blaring sign made of candy canes and lemon drops." Hadrian muttered, hands shoved in his pocket while walking down the stairs.38

The other champions looked up as he entered, Cedric walking over to him.+

"Is something wrong?" He asked. +

Cedric was one of the students that often went to him for help, despite being younger. Even though he hadn't learned the material before, Hadrian was often able to help by glancing and learning it himself. +

"Ask Dumbledore. He's the one who messed up." Hadrian muttered in complaint.+

"What do you mean?" Cedric started, before Dumbledore came barreling through the doors with the other school heads behind him.+

"We can't exactly take him out, he is bound by a magical contract." The Beaxbatons headmistress stated.+

"He's just a boy." McGonaggal cried. Hadrian looked over at her, seeing the distress of her face. He would not have expected her to side with him, a Slytherin and the son of Voldemort. Perhaps she was different.23

"Why don't we let the boy decide?" Snape drawled, glaring at the others.+

"Hadrian?" Dumbledore asked, going over to him.6

"I'd rather not have my magic taken from me, so I will participate." Hadrian stated, staring straight into Dumbledore's eyes.2

"Very well then. Let us begin."3

~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°+

I. Hate. History. No, actually I don't hate history, I hate my teacher. She assigned four projects, each worth 50 points, and gave us two weeks to complete all of them. But anyways, I won't give you guys any excuses as to why I haven't uploaded in awhile. I'm just sucky at uploading. Gomen!88

Amber Silverwood+

It was rather strange walking around the castle after the announcement of his participation in the tournament.+

Before, many of the students would nod as they pass by in acknowledgement, and yet now they avoided him like the plague.+

Only the Slytherins remained loyal, and the Gryffindors took great joy in pointing out the fact that he had lost all of his protegés' trust. The second youngest Weasley only further deepened the wound.+

"Hey Riddle! Still moping alone, like always?" Weasley yelled from the other side of the corridor.6

"Hello young Weasley. Good day to you too." Hadrian responded in fake cheerfulness as they grew closer.+

"Tch. It's alright, you can throw the insults now. No one cares about you anymore." Weasley sneered. Hadrian sighed quietly and started walking on.+

"Hey! Don't think you can run away from me you queer!" At that, Hadrian stopped in confusion. Queer? When did the rumor start that he was gay?108

"What?" Hadrian asked, turning his head slightly.+

"You heard me. Everyone knows that you're a queer. Why else would you spend so much time with guys and never with girls?"55

Thinking back, Hadrian did notice that he tended to spend more time with the same sex than the other. And maybe he often would shove off girls attempting to flirt with him, but that was only because he found them annoying.3

Besides that though, why was being gay weird?41

"Why do you?" Hadrian asked, throwing the question right back at him.+

Weasley sputtered, horrified that he would ever suggest such a thing. Face turning red in anger, he turned on his heel and stalked away, but not before throwing back one last thing.1

"Like anyone would ever want to have your kid anyway."38

Hadrian's brows burrowed in confusion. Draka had never explained this part of wizarding society to him. Were gays even accepted?116

Shrugging it off, he continued to the dorms to get ready for bed.3

~•~•~•~•~1

That night was lonely for Hadrian. His father was still disappointed in him, Draka was nowhere to be seen in the castle, Draco was avoiding him for some reason, and Ash was still gone from the world of the living. He had no one to ask.12

Of course, this didn't mean he was completely alone. He still had himself, right? Though, assuming that he was a normal person, that wouldn't count. But then, he wasn't normal.7

Getting up from bed, Hadrian decided to go to the room of Crouch to figure out what the first test would be. Shadow stepping out of the room, he swept through the halls as a phantom and enjoyed the caresses and whispers of the shadows of Hogwarts.+

One could easily become lost in the pleasure of the shadows, and that was when Hadrian realized that he was never alone. The shadows would always be there, as long as there was light.19

He finally found the room, and entered to see Crouch pacing endlessly, muttering incoherent words to an unknown beat. Sliding into the man's shadow, he focused on a select few words and pieced them together.+

'Boy' was a recurring word, as well as 'tournament' and 'Dumbledore'. Then, he finally picked out the key word. 'Dragon'.  Pulling back, he went through the halls again and collapsed on his bed, exhausted. Melding with a person's shadow took more out of him than circumnavigating the world, which was quite a feat.+

Taking a breath, he ran a hand through his now tousled hair and changed into nightclothes while flicking his hand to clean his teeth. In the morning, he would take a shower, but for now, he would sleep.+

~•~•~•~•~1

There was darkness. Only darkness. Hadrian stood up from where he was lying and tried to walk forward, only to trip over something. Looking down, he saw white. A scream was heard. Hadrian, face white with shock, stumbled back as he saw the body.+

Snow white hair framed a pale face, and golden eyes surrounded by black stared blankly up at him. The usually white cloak was now splattered with blood, for once giving him color.+

There was no indication of murder except for the ripped open torso, which exposed the man's vital organs. Intestines were strewn about, and Hadrian caught a glimpse of a kidney and heart before turning around and puking.8

It looked as though Ash had been ravaged by a wild dog, and yet Hadrian knew that was not the case.6

Residual black magic floated in the air, telling Hadrian all that he need to know. Tortured and killed, Ash had been brutally murdered by a creature not of this world, for no mortal could have such potent magic.114

Shaking, he stilled as he suddenly felt liquid running up his leg. He turned around slowly to see the blood flowing out across the floor, surrounding him with red. In panicky movements, he scrambled away from the blood, only to hit a wall behind him. +

The blood slowly rose rose higher, creating a pool of red. It eventually engulfed his senses, drowning him. He flailed around, running out of breath quickly until his movements slowed to a stop, and he felt himself sink to the ground.3

Just as he hit the bottom of the room, blackness overtook him, and he found that there was no way out of it. Yet the darkness was comforting, and he only wished to stay there. +

He never noticed the tendril of light, slipping into his mind and putting him to sleep.66

~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°+

Happy Oscars! I'm so excited that Whiplash and The Imitation Game got so many awards! I absolutely loved Miles Teller on the drumset, and you can never get enough of Benedict Cumberbatch! Hope you liked the chapter!2

Amber Silverwood+

Marvolo got the news first, as he was doing paperwork in his office. A barn owl had flown through the window to land on his desk with a letter in it's beak.+

After opening and reading it, he had immediately apparated to the gates of Hogwarts and stormed in, a dark aura surrounding him like a cloak.+

The doors of the main hall burst open as he neared them, and all of the students of the school who had been eating dinner fell silent upon seeing him.+

They immediately knew who he was due to his uncanny resemblance to his son, but what was more noticeable was the hard and angry glint in his red eyes.+

He stalked up to Dumbledore with graceful wrath before coming to a stop right at the edge of the table.+

"Where is my son." Marvolo demanded quietly, letting only the old man hear him.12

"Hello Tom, it is such a pleasure to see you again. Would you like to sit and eat?" Dumbledore replied pleasantly.24

A loud thud sounded as Marvolo's fist hit the table, quieting the whole room yet again.+

"I will only ask once more. Where. Is. My son." Marvolo snapped.+

Dumbledore sighed, taking his spectacles off.+

"I do believe we should take this to the infirmary."+

~•~•~•~•~+

There wasn't much he could do except watch. Of course, he was able to entertain himself in his mind palace.18

Though, it wasn't as much a palace as it was a library. Large, redwood double doors made way to a circular room with a large book in the center, which was filled with memories.+

More bookcases were on the walls, with each book representing one memory. The one in the center was the index.+

Hadrian let out a sigh, a faint smile on his lips. He walked up the spiral staircase and entered the first door, which was a bedroom.+

Floral smells hit him, and like a drug, dragged him deeper into his mind.+

A large bed in the center of the room was surrounded by flowers of all kinds, and birds of every part of the globe flew near the high ceiling. Serpents from garden snakes to basilisks dwelled on the ground, and the sun seeped in through large glass windows, lighting up the room and heating the rocks for the snakes. It was paradise.+

However much Hadrian liked this room, though, the one next door was better. Leaving the bright room, he went up the staircase farther and entered the next room.+

This one was the opposite of the sun room. There were still flowers, and birds, and snakes to dwell on the ground, but they were no longer bright.7

Black and blue roses were a common theme in the room, and crows and ravens took the place of the tropical birds in the other room. 1

This was where Hadrian felt at home. In the center of his mind and core was the darkness that gave him comfort in the day.+

Walking to the windows, he basked in the moonlight that illuminated the bed, appreciating this wonderful part of himself.+

He then lied down on the bed, deciding to take a nap. It's not like it would hurt to get more rest.+

~•~•~•~•~1

"He will not be staying here." Marvolo stated with finality.+

"I am afraid I cannot allow you to take him." Dumbledore replied bluntly.12

Slowly turning, Marvolo cast his unnerving gaze upon the old man in anger and frustration.+

"You have no power that allows you to keep me from giving my son proper treatment." He snapped. Madame Pomfrey, who was standing near them, approached the men quickly.+

"Young Hadrian may go wherever his father decides. I am sorry Albus, but Lord Riddle is correct. You have no right to keep him from proper treatment." She said.+

"Now dear, young Hadrian is only asleep. There is no need for him to go to St. Mungos." 3

"Only asleep! My son is in a magical coma and you have the audacity to say he is only asleep!" He then stalked briskly towards the old man, coming face to face with him. "I know this is your doing Dumbledore, and I will not allow you to get away with this. Hadrian has allies that you haven't even heard of, and they will be out for your head after tonight." He snapped quietly.10

Marvolo then picked Hadrian up from the bed and apparated them to Riddle Manor, a glare set on his face as he saw Dumbledore smirking.45

~•~•~•~•~+

"What of the boy?"+

"He will be dead by the end of the month."75

"And the tournament?"+

"If he somehow does manage to survive, it will be waiting for him. This is, after all, the month the champions have to prepare."+

"Albus, Tom will not take this lightly."+

"All the better Minerva. If Tom is angry, he will not make as good of choices as he might with a clear head."15

"I hope, for your sake and ours, that you are right."13

~•~•~•~•~+

"Sir, there is a message for you."+

"Hm?"+

"It is from one Tom Marvolo Riddle of Earth."1

"What does that stupid immortal idiot want?!"12

"It is about a Hadrian Salazar Riddle."+

"What does it say? Summarize."+

"Apparently the boy is dying by the hands of one Albus Percival Wulfric Brian Dumbledore."34

"Great timing. Just great. The one time that I can't go to Earth is when that kid gets injured."15

~•~•~•~•~+

"The young one loses his will."+

"I have seen it as well."+

"Will we fight?"+

"Not yet. The time is not right."+

~•~•~•~•~+

"The hatchling may die."+

"All hatchlings die."+

"But this one is special."+

"Yes, he is. His Deathly Hallows won't save him now though, for this death is of his own doing."+

"Shall we do anything?" +

"Let Death decide the hatchling's fate."12

~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°+

Alright! Marvolo has one month to save Hadrian or he dies! What are these allies that Marvolo speaks of, and how will Dumbledore react to a knock on his door? Hope you enjoyed it!12

Amber Silverwood+

Besides playing around in his mind and watching the outside world occasionally, there wasn't much to do in his mind. +

"Master, play with me." Baby Draka whined. She was only two feet long right now.14

"No." Hadrian replied.+

"Maaaaasteeeer." +

"You're a figment of my imagination. Why would I ever create such an annoying version of you?" Hadrian asked.+

"Because you love me." Draka said happily.+

"...Why are you so strange?" Hadrian questioned in wonder.+

He then got up from where he was sitting and looked out the window that showed the outside world.+

His father was sitting beside him, reading a book on spells that affected the core. Of course, he never really got anywhere.+

As he was watching, he failed to notice a presence behind him.+

"What are you doing?" A voice asked, startling him out of his reverie. Hadrian sighed, recognizing the voice.+

"Why would my mind procure you up?" He questioned, turning around to face the man.+

"'Cause you love me so much." The albino stated sarcastically. Hadrian snorted, turning back to the window. "But you also know that I am not from your memories." +

"Why are you here then Ash? You know what happened to me."+

"I am here because you can not leave the land of the living yet." Ash replied.+

"That's ironic. You're Death and inside my mind, yet you refuse to take me." Hadrian said. Ash frowned slightly.3

"Why do you wish for me so much? Are you not happy with your life? You have a caring father, a faithful companion, friends your age, and magic that could be stronger than your father. What more do you wish for?!" Ash snapped. +

"It is for all of those reasons that I wish to die. My father has only been in my life for a few years, my best friend is a snake, and my so called 'friends' will only ever be followers. Why would I not want you?"+

"...Perhaps you should think of the ones who do care for you. Your father. Draka. Nagini... Me. They wouldn't want you dead." Ash replied quietly. Hadrian sighed.+

"But they would understand. You would understand."+

"Even if they did, how would you even die? You are the Master of Death, now an immortal being." Ash stated, walking closer to Hadrian.+

"You can't trick me Ash. I am the Master of Death. I could order you to kill me."+

"And I would immediately bring you back to life." 2

"Ash." Hadrian let out quietly, a knot forming in his throat. "You don't understand." +

"What don't I understand little snake?" Ash asked in a comforting manner.+

"Everyone will leave me eventually. Draka will die, Father will want to, and my followers will as well."+

"And what about me? I am death. I cannot die and I would never leave you."11

"But you're the one that would take away all of them! Every person in the world will fall to your power, and I won't be able to do anything because it is your job to administer death!" Hadrian shouted, standing up from his seat. "Everyone will fall, and it is because of you."3

Ash looked down, glaring at the floor.+

"You will see eventually, son of the Dark Lord. You will see the extent of my power, and also the beauty of it. But only if you live. Hadrian, I swear to my father that I will not ferry your soul until I deem the time right. You will live for as long as I wish, and serve me in death for as long as I wish. You are my master in life, but you will never be my master in death. Now wake." Ash finished, disappearing from his mind.2

"We'll see about that Death." +

~•~•~•~•~+

"Your son is very persistent. However, he will never die as long as I am death." Ash stated.4

"Thank you Ash. I appreciate it." Marvolo replied. He was still sitting by the bed, looking down on his son. Ash stood behind him, like a guardian to the young boy. 4

"His allies have decided not to interfere, so I will decide Dumbledore's fate." Ash said quietly.+

"Don't kill him yet. I want him to be betrayed." Marvolo replied darkly.43

~•~•~•~•~+

A knock on his door startled Dumbledore, for he did not notice any presence outside his office.+

"Come in." Dumbledore said. A man then walked in, hair white as snow and in a cloak of white silk. His eyes were an unnerving golden color.9

"Hello Dumbledore. I have come on behalf of the magical creatures of this world, as well as the other." The man stated.+

"Other world?" Dumbledore questioned.+

"Yes. My name is Death."+

"Death? I'm sure that you must be a very powerful wizard, but you cannot fool me." Dumbledore replied, smiling.12

"You will be betrayed by one close to you, in one year. You will fool yourself into thinking that you were doing the right thing and that the person killing you was actually on your side, however they will kill you for their pleasure alone. Have a nice year." Death finished. Dumbledore's smile was gone, as well as the usual twinkle in his eye.78

"What makes you-" He started, but the man was already gone.21

~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°+

Hey guys, hope you liked the chapter! I don't have water polo for the spring, so I'll hopefully be able to update more often. So yay to that! Have a nice day!1

Amber Silverwood+

Because Marvolo wasn't able to help Hadrian like Ash was, he instead spent his time planning Dumbledore's demise.7

He wouldn't be able to do it himself, but someone else would. He could use Lucius' boy perhaps, and as a safety measure send some death eaters to make sure he was killed. By then, Hadrian would be awake, and he could play his own part in it. +

~•~•~•~•~+

It had been two weeks, and Hadrian was still not budging. Ash would stop by every now and then, but it was really up to Hadrian whether or not he would waken.3

Even though he would not be allowed to die, he could still stay in the recesses of his mind, and Ash could not change that.+

It was now evening, and Marvolo was having dinner, so Ash decided to drop by.+

"Hello little snake." He greeted as he appeared in Hadrian's mind.+

"Hi." Hadrian replied stoically. Ash scowled in frustration, and went to grab a book from the many shelves.+

"'Changing Positions'?" Ash read aloud, looking down at the title of this particular book.3

Hadrian smirked, recalling the memory from his childhood. He was three when this happened, but he still remembered it clearly.+

~•~•~•~•~4

"Boy! Get the dinner ready!" Vernon yelled. Harry stood up, short legs shaking from kneeling for so long, and walked to the kitchen.5

"Hurry up!" Vernon yelled again. He ran into the kitchen, grabbing a pot to make pasta. As he was waiting for the water to boil, Harry let the little snake he had found out from under his shirt, letting it go on the counter.1

"~Now is the perfect time to put them in their place.~" The little snake said.+

"~But what if I get hurt because of it?~" Harry asked quietly.+

"~That won't happen. When you're finished with them, they won't bother you anymore.~" It replied. Nodding, Harry gathered the energy inside of him as the snake had instructed him and let it manifest in his hands as a little ball of light. It was small, but powerful, and would leave a nasty burn on whatever it touched.+

"~You remember what to do?~" The snake asked.+

"~Give them a nasty look when they tell me to do something, and when they try to grab me, touch them with the magic.~" Harry replied.+

They stayed quiet for a few minutes, not making the dinner or cleaning.+

When Petunia finally came down and saw that he wasn't doing anything, she called out to Vernon with a smirk on her face.+

Vernon walked into the kitchen, face purple in anger.+

"What do you think you're doing boy! Make the dinner!"+

"No." Harry replied defiantly. His small fists were curled up, hiding the light in the right hand.+

"That's it! You're done boy!" Vernon yelled, charging toward him in anger.+

Harry stood still, waiting for the walrus to get close enough. As Vernon stretched out his hand to grab the small boy, Harry sent his hand into the man's stomach, making him scream. Harry kept his hand there, watching the man writhe in agony. The noises and movements fascinated him in a grotesque way. 6

Stepping back, Harry let the light die out.+

"I will not be your slave. I am far greater than you will ever be, Muggle, and I will not allow you to think otherwise. From now on, I will not be doing the chores. I will eat whatever food I want, and leave the house when I wish to. Are we clear?" Harry finished. Vernon nodded, pain and anger in his eyes.+

~•~•~•~•~4

"You certainly weren't an innocent kid." Ash muttered.+

"What did you expect? An angel?" Hadrian snorted. He was lying on the black bed, basking in the moonlight exuding from the windows.7

"No, just not such anger at the age of three." He replied. Hadrian shrugged in nonchalance. 29

"It was necessary." He said.+

"No one deserves that kind of childhood." Ash insisted, setting the book back. Hadrian sat up on his arms, looking at Ash strangely.+

"Of course not. But I couldn't exactly do anything to change how the Dursley's thought of me." He explained. Ash shook his head, sighing.+

"Perhaps if Draka had not-"+

"If Draka had not found me then I would be exactly what Dumbledore had wanted me to be. I would have ended up killing my father one way or another, and I never even would have met you." Hadrian interrupted.7

"You don't know that." Ash replied, lying down on the bed next to him.2

"No I don't. But it's an educated guess." He continued. They lay down in a comfortable silence, enjoying the peace in Hadrian's mind.2

"How is father?" Hadrian quietly asked after a few minutes.+

"He is taking out his anger on his 'death eaters'. Besides that, he spends his time looking for ways to help you, and doesn't seem to be sleeping the amount that is necessary for humans." He replied calmly. Guilt flashed in Hadrian's eyes for a moment, before disappearing as soon as it had shown.+

"Still annoyed with the name?" Hadrian asked, smirking. Ash scowled.+

"Those pesky humans aren't exactly eating me right now, are they?" He replied. Hadrian laughed, for the first time in awhile.227

"I'm glad you find my problems amusing."+

~•~•~•~•~+

"I'm getting there. He laughed today, if that gives you any comfort."+

"Yes, thank you Ash. I just hope that he is as close to you as you assume." Marvolo replied. +

"Yes, I do as well. The month is almost over. Dumbledore can only die next year, as that is his time. If you try to kill him before, I will intervene." Ash stated in his business voice.2

"I am well aware Ash, and I will not try. There is no need to warn me." Marvolo said, chuckling.+

"Hadrian is afraid of me taking you. I worry that I may have to anyways."2

"You won't." Marvolo replied, glaring. Ash narrowed his eyes, and disappeared.5

~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°3

45 down, many more to go! I think I may stop this book at chapter 50, and then continue another one that takes place after Dumbledore is dead. Suggestions or complaints? Leave 'em in the comments or PM me! I really appreciate it!1

Amber Silverwood+

The month was almost over. Hadrian had three days to awaken for the first part of the tournament, or he would be disqualified and potentially lose his magic. Marvolo spent his time with his death eaters, planning the next year, while the Slytherins did their best to survive the assault of the Gryffindors without their leader. Ash's attempts to coax Hadrian into waking became more vicious, and closer to making the young boy feel guilty and that whatever happened to the world would be on him. It did little to help.+

"Shut up Ash! I'm not the one who decides where the world will go in the future! You can't guilt trip me into waking!" Hadrian shouted.+

"So you'd rather lose your magic forever, and spend the rest of your life as a Muggle?" Ash snapped.+

"You don't know that will happen Ash. It's only a possibility!"+

"Of course it will happen you idiotic hairless monkey!" And with that, Ash left.1

"Hairless monkey? Where did that come from?" Hadrian asked in bewilderment.7

"Heehee. Master is a monkey." The little Draka giggled. Hadrian glared, and left the bedroom to go to the pool.37

~•~•~•~•~1

"Maybe I should go." Hadrian whispered to Draka as he relaxed in the hot tub.+

"Master, I'm only a figment of your imagination, but I'm sure the real me would really miss you. I did raise you." She replied. Hadrian nodded, a whistful expression in his eyes.+

"You did raise me. You know, I have the resurrection stone at my disposal. Perhaps I should meet my mother? " Hadrian suddenly thought.+

"That would mean waking up." Draka replied.+

"Yes, I know, but I really would like to meet her. And I still have to kill Dumbledore! I swore that I would, and I keep my promises. Well, most of them." By now, Hadrian was out of the water with a towel wrapped around his waist, pacing. "I have so many things I need to do Draka! Why did I not think of this before!" 6

"Master, calm do-"+

"I need to get out of here." Hadrian muttered. He closed his eyes, and focused his magic into doing just that.+

~•~•~•~•~+

"That's it. It's the end of the month." Marvolo whispered as he heard the clock start counting to 12, signaling midnight. Just as he stood up though, he felt a stirring in the air. A dark and powerful magic was brewing, slowly building up around Hadrian.+

At the first toll of the clock, the magic formed around his head, pushing past barriers and shredding spells.+

At the second toll of the clock, Marvolo rushed to his side, feeding the young boy his own magic to aid in the process.+

At the third toll of the clock, Ash appeared in Hadrian's soul to break the bonds keeping him in his sleep.+

At the fourth toll of the clock, Hadrian started to disappear from his mind, leaving behind a happy snake.3

At the fifth toll of the clock, Draka entered the room, placing herself next to Hadrian to offer support.+

At the sixth toll of the clock, Hadrian Salazar Riddle awoke.+

At the seventh toll of the clock, he stood on shaking legs and had his father apparate him to Hogwarts, Draka around his shoulders.+

At the eighth toll of the clock, Ash healed his body and magic in preparation for the tournament.+

At the ninth toll of the clock, Dumbledore's smile of accomplishment was replaced with fury as Hadrian showed up at the Quidditch Pitch.+

At the tenth toll of the clock, Hadrian stepped into the tent, wand at the ready to face his challenge.+

At the eleventh toll of the clock, Death himself appeared beside Hadrian, a hand on the young boy's shoulder.+

At the twelfth toll of the clock, all hell broke loose.96

~•~•~•~•~+

"What a surprise! It turns out that there will still be a fourth champion after all, as he faces off against the mighty Hungarian Horntail!" The announcer shouted. The Slytherins cheered, shooting colors into the sky and making a raucous. Then, the dragon was brought in.3

Hadrian smirked, not even moving as he laughed at Dumbledore's stupidity. He had believed that Hadrian wouldn't wake up, so he made the first task something that would be challenging for all but him+

"~Calm yourself, mighty serpent. I wish not to harm you.~" Hadrian said, slowly approaching the mighty being.9

"~A speaker?!~" The dragon exclaimed, stopping it's movements.+

"~One of the eggs in your nest is fake, and I need to retrieve it. I will not harm your hatchlings. I understand their importance to you.~" Hadrian replied. The dragon nodded, and backed away from the nest. He grabbed the egg slowly, keeping a clear radius from the real eggs, and walked back and let the dragon handlers take it away. +

Hadrian turned to face the judges. 7, 3, 8, and 10, the 3 being from Dumbledore and the 10 being from his father's death eater.48

Ignoring the scores, he instead walked back to the tent and to his father and Ash, Draka still resting on him.+

"It is so nice to have you back Hadrian." Marvolo said, pulling him into a hug.2

"~Don't you ever do that again hatchling.~" Draka hissed, tightening around his shoulders.1

Stepping away from his father, Hadrian turned to Ash. The white haired man was frowning, disappointment in his eyes.2

"I expected more from you, boy." He snapped, and disappeared. Hadrian's chest constricted, a lump forming in his throat.106

Ash. +

~•~•~•~•~+

"Everything is fine now, Hadrian. You can go back to Hogwarts if you wish." +

"Alright. Thank you, father, for not giving up on me." Hadrian replied, smiling up at the wizard.+

"Stay safe, Hadrian." Marvolo said in farewell, and apparated away, leaving Hadrian in the great hall with Draco and Draka.1

"It's so good to have you back Hadrian! The Slytherins were lost without you." Draco happily exclaimed as they walked down the hallways and to the common room.3

"I'm glad to be back. Are there any matters that need taking care of right now?" Hadrian asked.+

"Only the Gryffindors. They've been walking around the castle like they own the place." Draco sneered. Hadrian nodded in understanding.1

"They will be taken care of." With that, they entered the common room, and Hadrian made a beeline towards his room as the students cheered at his arrival.+

Closing the door behind him, he let the magic of the wards wash over him, relaxing in it's potency.+

He sat down on the couch and pulled the resurrection stone out of his pocket, having retrieved it awhile ago.+

He turned it in his hand, thinking, and finally looked up.+

"Hello mom."24

~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~+

Hope you guys liked this chapter! I'm gonna try and make a habit of updating on Sundays and working on the chapter the other days of the week. Also, happy Spring Break!+

Amber Silverwood+

"Hello Mom." 4

"Hello Hadrian." The woman said, smiling. Hadrian bit his tongue, forcing down the burning sensation in his throat that always brought along tears.9

"Father misses you." Hadrian bit out.+

"Yes, I imagine Marvolo would. I am deeply sorry, though, Hadrian. I never got to see you grow up, and instead condemned you to misery with the Muggles." She sadly stated, snapping at the word 'Muggles'. Hadrian shook his head slowly.2

"No, if I had not been raised there, I would not be who I am today. Though, it certainly would have been easier to deal with my abilities if you were here." Hadrian laughed quietly. Xerthea smiled.+

"I'm sure Marvolo told you of what I usually was?" She asked with a smirk.+

"Ya, foxy lady." Hadrian snorted. Though, his mom was rather beautiful. Her long and straight black hair was feathered, giving her a wild look, and her green eyes seemed to glow. She had soft features which Hadrian did not inherit, and was only a few inches shorter than Marvolo.11

"And you? I would presume that you have already discovered all of your forms?" She asked.+

"Yes. My main form is rather strange though. I used to not be able to transform into it, but now that I have almost mastered all of my forms, I can. Would you like to see?" Hadrian stated. She nodded. Hadrian closed his eyes, focusing on the strange creature he could become. He hadn't transformed into it in months, so it was difficult.+

He then felt the familiar pull in his gut, and let the transformation take place.+

"Wow." Xerthea gasped, amazed at the beauty of his form. His white cloak seemed to be a part of him, and his tail swished behind him flamboyantly. Suddenly though, he felt a disturbance outside. He took out the elder wand, grasping it loosely.3

"I'm sorry Mother. I guess our time is up." Hadrian said sadly.+

"I'm glad I was able to meet my son. You have grown into a fine man, and I'm sure you will do amazing things Hadrian." She replied. Hadrian watched as she faded away, before turning his attention to the door. +

Feeling around with his magic, he discovered that it was Theo Nott who was being a pest outside his door.+

Smirking, he let his tail flick around and stroked his wand, ready to freak out the kid. Changing back to his human form, he merged with the shadows and appeared begind the boy, wand out and ready.3

"And what do you think you're doing Nott?" He questioned. The boy twirled around quickly, his own wand out as well.+

"What have you been up to Riddle? I know who you are, and sure I'm following the Dark Lord, but that does not mean I'm following you. So why are you rallying the Slytherins together?" He questioned. Hadrian smirked.+

"I'm back for only a day, and already I have those who would question my authority. I'll tell you this Nott. Don't get in my way. I'm not the Dark Lord's son for no reason." He sneered, and left to the shadows.+

He appeared in his room yet again, and held the wand above him as he lay down on his bed. He stroked the wand, enjoying the feel of it's power after not being able to for a month. He suddenly felt a shift in the room.2

"~I'm sick of this!~" Ash shouted in Parseltongue, stalking towards him. Hadrian shot a confused look towards him. "~I'm sick of this power you have over me! This need I feel in my gut, everytime you call upon my power. I refuse to bow to you, for I am the master! Now bow to me!~" Ash yelled, and trapped Hadrian on the bed, leaning over him with his hands by the young teen's head. Hadrian stared up at him in shock, paralyzed by the fear of what was to come.101

"I already told you this, boy. Everytime you use that wand, I feel it. Everytime you stroke it, you stroke me." Ash whispered in his ear. Hadrian shivered, the burning in his gut growing despite the fear in his mind.196

"Ash. Stop." Hadrian breathed out as the albino bit and licked his earlobe. Just as his lips were about to be captured, the lust in Ash's eyes lifted as he saw the fear Hadrian was experiencing. 44

A clarity shown through Ash as he looked down at the growing young man beneath him. Despite the magical strength the boy possessed, despite the power of his occlumency shields, he still experienced the emotions of normal hormonal teenage humans. +

Ash was not one of those. He should be the mature one, not this child. He shouldn't be giving in to these very human emotions.+

With that thought in mind, Ash slowly rose from his position, sitting down on the edge of the bed as Hadrian sat up on his elbows.+

"I am very sorry, little snake. It seems that with my many years of walking beside humans, and enjoying there finest alcohols," Ash added with a wink. "I have developed some of the more human aspects of life. Emotions, being one of them. And with those emotions, brings lust. I am sure you have noticed that you aren't exactly hard on the eyes, and many suitors are going after you.+

"When you declared yourself Master of Death, you contracted yourself to me. I am yours, as you are mine. What you do, I will know. What you feel, I will feel. Hadrian, I can feel the passion in you, the lust you feel, but you are a fourteen year old teenager. I cannot take advantage of you like that." Ash stated. Hadrian stared at him for a second, before wrapping a leg around the man's waist and pushing him down on the bed, staying there for a moment.38

"... Fine." Hadrian muttered, and got off the man.67

~•~•~•~•~2

Yuletide came about slowly, bringing the excitement of the Yule Ball that would be taking place.+

As one of the champions, Hadrian was forced to find a partner quickly and learn the dance, which he was surprisingly good at. Dancing felt like flying, and brought a peace that he hadn't felt in years.5

Choosing a partner was difficult though. He wasn't interested in the girls, and there were very few boys who would ever think of going with a guy. +

Draco was going with Daphne, Theo and Blaise were going with some Ravenclaws, and Hadrian didn't know or like the other Slytherins enough to ask them. So that brought him to this strange predicament.14

"I honestly never thought you would ask, but wouldn't this be really weird? 'Cause you're supposed to be the leader, but I obviously would be instead, so... Actually, you know what? Sure. But you better learn the girl's part, and fast."16

"Thank you so much Ash! I don't know what I would've done. All of the girls are annoying, and none of the guys are hot or swing that way, so thanks." Hadrian grinned, sighing in relief.44

Hadrian didn't know what made him think of asking Ash, but as he was practicing his curses with the Elder Wand, it dawned on him that the albino would be more than willing to come with him.10

It took little persuasion on his part, so now all he needed was for Ash to get actual dress robes, as he couldn't exactly come in his cloak.9

"Come with me to Diagon Alley, and we can get some robes for you." Hadrian stated. Ash scowled, but nodded. Hadrian then apparated to the alley, and walked to Madam Malkins as Ash appeared beside him.1

Entering the store, Ash materialized and waited as Hadrian picked out a few things.1

Hadrian would be wearing black robes with silver trim, and a dark, emerald green shirt. To compliment this, Ash would wear the same robes but with a dark golden shirt instead, to compliment his eyes.+

The days dragged on slowly for Hadrian. He did little to prepare for the next task, and rarely ate.+

Ash did not know what to do, and opted to watching and waiting for Hadrian's depression to lift.5

"Bring her back Ash. Please bring her back." Is what Hadrian asked every single day.21

He still went to classes, but didn't listen, and instead roamed the recesses of his mind. +

Weeks passed, and the third challenge came upon him.1

The Hogwarts band played there song as the students cheered, and Hadrian kept his face in a calm expression. 2

"Good luck Hadrian." Cedric said, smiling towards him. Hadrian looked over at him with a blank expression, before turning back to the maze.+

For weeks, Hadrian hadn't said a word, and thankfully the professors didn't push him. Silence was bliss for him now, so he would rarely go into the great hall to eat, instead having Zolton bring him food from the manor.1

"Champions! As Mr. Riddle is in the lead, he will enter the maze first, followed by Mr. Krum, Mr. Diggory, and finally Ms. Delacour. Before you go in, however, I must warn you. People have changed in this maze. It will test you unlike any other challenge. Now, when the cannon goes, you may enter. Rea-" Dumbledore was cut off with the sound of the cannon, having been shot off by Filch.11

Hadrian stepped into the maze, nodding to 'Professor Moody' along the way. He took out his wand, and started to run.+

~•~•~•~•~+

Exercise wasn't necessarily Hadrian's thing, but running was a soothing experience that calmed his mind. His surroundings became clearer, more focused, and he could sense the magic of the maze better. He pushed all of the dark thoughts and experiences of the past months into the back of his mind, and focused on the task at hand.+

Hadrian didn't encounter anything for awhile, and couldn't sense any malicious beasts either. That is, until he heard a scream.+

Rushing over to where he felt Fleur's magic, he took out his Yew wand and prepared for a fight. When he fell upon the scene, he laughed.+

Karkroff's magic was all over Viktor, holding him under the Imperious. Hadrian flew a spell towards the boy, knocking him out. He then went to Fleur and watched as she was pulled into the walls of thorns, his face void of emotion. Shooting a red flare into the sky, he continued on his way through the maze.3

~•~•~•~•~1

Being alone with his thoughts seemed to not be as good as he had hoped for himself. Instead of feeling the calm of it, Hadrian found that his mind wandered without the distraction of other people. +

His occlumency skills could do nothing about the onslaught of insanity that had once been suppressed. +

Draka had been the major anchor that prevented him from losing himself, but with her gone, he had no one to confide in, and most importantly, no one to hold the extra magical power.+

Draka had been his flush, a way to drain the extra power that had come with his inheritance. Hadrian Harmonia, as Salazar had once explained, was cursed with insanity because of the power that came with his zoometamorphagus abilities. He had had no one that could drain his powers for him, and thus became all consumed by magical power.1

Hadrian, unfortunately, seemed to have been cursed with this as well. Insanity was a powerful force, one that all wizards cringed at the thought of. Few experienced it, but those who did were never the same, and all had one thing in common: Death.13

For Hadrian Harmonia, this came in the form of all his family and friends dying.+

For Salazar Slytherin, this came in the form of the betrayal of his closest friend, Godric Gryffindor, and his daughter being murdered by him.3

And now for Hadrian Riddle, it came in the form of Death himself. 1

Hadrian closed his eyes, raising his occlumency shields up as far as they went, and using the power of the Horcrux to enhance it. It helped only in the way of putting off the effects until later.+

He focused on the task at hand, that is, getting the cup and going home.+

He started running again, feeling that he was getting closer to it. With that though, he also felt Diggory coming closer. Hadrian didn't want the boy involved, but it seemed that would be inevitable.+

He picked up his speed, turning around a corner sharply only to see gthe cup there with Diggory on the other side. He set his face in determination, and broke out in a sprint. As he got closer, Diggory did too. Just as he grabbed the cup, so did the other boy, and they were both pulled along as the portkey activated. 2

When he opened his eyes, he really did wish that he had gone faster and not dragged the boy along. Because as unstable as his mind was right now, he still cared for the children of Hogwarts.8

~•~•~•~•~+

"Father?!" Hadrian shouted in disbelief. Marvolo was standing in the center of the graveyard, his inner circle of death eaters there as well. Ignoring Diggory who was on the ground, he walked up to his father and raised an eyebrow in question.2

"I have decided that I will make my appearance now. I will go with you back to the school and announce my presence. And Dumbledore will die." He stated. 1

"And you never thought to tell me this?" Hadrian huffed. +

"Hadrian?" He heard Diggory call out. Turning, he saw that the boy was almost pissing his pants in fear.+

"Oh, I'm so sorry Cedric. It seems that you die here today. But don't worry! It'll be completely painless!" Hadrian smiled happily, approaching the boy with the elder wand in his grasp. 51

"Hadrian, perhaps you should let me do this." Marvolo said, stepping up. Then in a whisper, "You haven't killed anyone before. You're only fourteen."1

"Father, I am more than capable of doing this. Besides, who better to have as a first kill than a little Hufflepuff?" He laughed. Marvolo stared him down, but nodded briskly and stepped aside.25

"Hadrian, you don't want to do this!" Diggory yelled, scrambling backwards.14

"And how would you know?" He asked quietly, turning his head to the side. Then suddenly, in a random outburst, "HOW WOULD YOU KNOW!"1

Everyone flinched at the anger seeping in his tone. The young teen had a powerful voice, one that could scream for hours and not get torn. It forced people to submit. 16

"HOW, would you INSOLENT HUMANS, know what I want to do? I have tried, little Cedric. I have tried to understand what runs through the minds of you stupid wizards, but I have given up now. I am just done." Hadrian whispered, shaking his head.14

"Please Hadrian, I thought we were frie-"33

"Avada Kedavra!" He yelled, cutting the boy off. Hadrian smiled down at the now dead body, happy with his small conquest.49

"We have to go now." Marvolo stated, placing a hand on his son's shoulder. Hadrian nodded, and went to the portkey with the small group.+

"Let's go kill a bird!" Hadrian smiled.69

~•~•~•~•~+

Death had never broken the rules before. So because of this, he didn't know the consequences. +

For the entirety of his existence, he prevented unnecessary deaths and caused the necessary ones without a single thought. So this one shouldn't have been any different.+

Except it wasn't.+

He had three choices in this scenario. He could allow the old man to die at the hand of the little snake, and thus cause the young wizard to loose his mind entirely to the shadows. Or he could prevent the little snake from killing the old man, and loose the trust and friendship of both father and son. And finally, he could kill the little snake and set history back on the right course.+

The third option would be the right choice. It would fix the mistake he had made so long ago of loving the human called Hadrian Harmonia and giving him the powers of the zoometamorphagus, as well as stabilizing the balance of light and dark.32

But in the end, Death knew what choice he would make. The souls of Hell knew as well. And the angels of Heaven too.+

Because Death was the anomaly, created by the choice of the first humans, and would forever be different, but would always be the same.+

So as he sat on his throne, Death smiled sadly, and went back to Earth.4

~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°+

What will Death do now? How will he choose what to do with Hadrian, and what is this talk of Death loving Hadrian Harmonia? Hope you guys liked it!2

PS - So sorry for being a whole week late! As I get closer to ending this story, I find it harder and harder to choose how to continue. My family doesn't support (or care for that matter) about my accomplishment here on Wattpad, so I don't really have anyone to ask most of the time. Thank you so much to you guys though! We have made it so far, and I can't wait to see how it all turns out. Thanks!9

Amber Silverwood +

Anticipation swelled in all corners of reality. The dead anticipated the decision of Death, while the living simply anticipated the end of the Triwizard Tournament.1

They could feel it though. The living could sense the power that was rising in the air. They did not know what it was, but it still put them on edge.+

The crowd waited with baited breath as the hour mark passed. Only one flare had gone up, and Ms. Delacour had been retrieved, but the other contestants were still racing for the cup.+

Just as they started to relax, the sudden appearance of a large group startled them into silence. The scream of one of the onlookers broke the calm, releasing the dam of chaos stored in the crowd.6

Hadrian grinned as he watched them run. They were like mice - all trying to fit into the one hole in the wall that could save them and only ending up making things worse.+

He pulled out the elder and yew wands, grasping them lightly and relaxing in the sense of familiarity.+

"Tom. Hadrian. What brings you here?" Dumbledore asked, stepping up to face the group of dark wizards.+

"My death eaters have grown impatient. Suffice to say, so have I. Your supposed 'light side' has been destroying the wizarding world, and will kill us all. You must be stopped." Marvolo replied firmly.+

"You seem to think that I'm the bad guy here Tom. Why don't we talk this over a cup of tea, hm?" Dumbledore stated, taking out his own wand.26

"A cup of tea indeed." Marvolo muttered snarkly, and shot off the first spell.2

Hadrian ran to the other side of the makeshift ring, turning into his Nargle form when no one was watching. He flew up and into the crowd, swerving in between the people like one would in an obstacle course.1

Using his fly-like sight, he spotted Draco in a corner and flew to his side, landing on the blonde's shoulder.+

He nugded the boy to move into a secluded area with Legilimency, and held on as Draco was pushed and shoved by the terrified wizards.+

When they were alone, Hadrian shifted back and turned to the surprised boy.+

"Hadrian?! What are you doing here? Aren't you supposed to be in the maze?" Draco asked.+

"I was, but complications arose. Draco, the war starts now, and I need you on our side." Hadrian growled. Draco nodded firmly, and followed after him.9

~•~•~•~•~+

"Come on Dumbledore! Is your age catching up to you? Or is it just the madness of your own plans?" Marvolo shouted over the howling wind and destructive spells.4

"You're the only mad one here Tom! I only wish that I had been able to prevent that while you were at Hogwarts!" Dumbledore replied, robes billowing in the wind.2

Marvolo gritted his teeth, trying to think out a plan. Hadrian was taking too long, and Dumbledore was starting to crack his shields. Any longer than ten minutes more and the playing field would be leveled for Dumbledore.+

He spun out of the way of another deadly curse, barely managing to stay calm. Out of the corner of his eye, he could see Death standing silently, staring at the fight. His surreal eyes seemed to glow in the moonlight, only adding to the eeriness of his being.+

The look on his face, however, was what really scared him. Guilt and determinedness were the only emotions available to his mortal eyes, but it was enough to set him on edge.+

Someone was going to die tonight, and it most likely wasn't going to be a light wizard.55

~•~•~•~•~+

"Dumbledore is going to die tonight, but we will still need you at Hogwarts. There is a cabinet in the Room of Requirement that is connected to one in Knockturn Alley. You will fix it, and then next year we will invade Hogwarts." Hadrian explained hurriedly.+

"What about you? Aren't you coming back to Hogwarts?" Draco asked.+

"In the unlikely event that Dumbledore survives, no. And even if we succeed tonight, I still won't come back. There is too much that I need to do." He replied. Draco nodded understandingly, and ran back to the castle. Hadrian closed his eyes for a moment, and then headed back to his father and Dumbledore.+

~•~•~•~•~•~+

Hadrian's face was set in determination. He knew that Dumbledore was strong and that his father would need help, but he needed to get there quickly.+

The sight that he came upon sent him into shock.+

His father was kneeling on the ground, almost collapsed, Dumbledore standing above him, fully healed. However, there was a woman at his side.+

She was beautiful, with dark ebony hair and fair skin. Hadrian had seen her before though. In a dream.+

"Aria." He heard Marvolo spit out.17

"Elvish magic is a powerful thing, Marvolo. I'm sure you can attest to that now." She stated. Marvolo stayed silent, glaring.4

Snapping back into focus, Hadrian ran over to his father and placed himself in between the two, both wands out. Aria's face broke into a smile.+

"Hadrian! Thank you so much for joining! I remember when you were so small, just a baby. You were the cutest thing!" She said happily.2

"You betrayed my father and killed my mother. You have no right to speak to me like that." Hadrian growled.+

Her smile became forced, a dangerous glint appearing in her eyes.+

"Now now Hadrian. I don't think you understand the situation. I'm more powerful than you. I can kill you." She replied. Hadrian scoffed, smirking.+

"Why don't you try." He challenged. A dark red glow appeared in her hand a second later, slowly moving towards his gut. Just as it was about to touch, it stopped.+

"I strongly suggest that you do not do that, bloodtraitor." Ash said quietly. Her eyes widened in shock, recognition crossing her features.14

"I can't believe it. For centuries, my people have searched for you. Yet here you are, protecting a boy that doesn't even know what you have done."+

"I know that, bloodtraitor. I also know the sins of your people, of which I cringe at the thought of. And yet you wonder why I don't answer your call." Ash replied in disgust.+

"Don't interfere Ash." Hadrian butted in, trying to push his way past the taller man.+

"If I hadn't, you would be dead right now." He stated.+

"I can't die tho-"2

"She would have locked your soul in Hell, preventing even me from retrieving you." Ash snapped. Hadrian shut his mouth, cutting off the sarcastic remark that would have come.3

"Thank you Ash. For protecting him." Marvolo said through gritted teeth. Ash said nothing, staring down the woman in front of him.+

"Leave." He muttered in a dark tone. Aria huffed, before grabbing Dumbledore by the arm and apparating, leaving the three men alone.+

"Are you okay father?" Hadrian asked, turning around and helping him up.3

"I will be. Let's go back to the manor." Marvolo replied. With a nod, Hadrian shadow stepped the both of them back to the manor, Ash following soon after.+

~•~•~•~•~+

"The war begins now, Hadrian. I will need you at my side." Marvolo said, sitting up on the bed.+

"I know father. I already have plans to help our side."+

"Plans?"+

"Most of the dark creatures will follow me. If I can convince them to fight, we will almost be guarenteed victory." Hadrian explained. Marvolo nodded.1

"Then you will leave tomorrow."+

~•~•~•~•~+

"Stay safe. Make sure to call Zolton everyday for all three meals, and always have both wands with you. Always stay in the dark areas, shadow step instead of apparating." Marvolo muttered, fussing over Hadrian.26

"Father, I know how to take care of myself." He replied, swatting away the hands that had gone to his hair. Marvolo sighed, retreating.+

"You had better take care of him." He warned, looking at the albino next to Hadrian.+

"When I am with him." Ash replied. Marvolo nodded and stepped back to his place in front of the Death Eaters.10

"Well then." Hadrian started. "Goodbye Father, Lucius, Narcissa, Evan, Barty." And with that, he left on his journey across the world.9

~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°+

Guess who just lost thirty minutes of their writing. I did! Ya, Wattpad is stupid and uncooperative when you need it most. Anyways, PLEASE SEE THIS - I NEED INPUT. 4

Should I make the next chapter a full chapter, or an epilogue/preview of the next book? Suggestions? Thanks!3

Amber Silverwood+

There was a throne, in the deepest and darkest parts of Hell. This throne was where Death would sit, watching over Earth and making sure that each human died at a certain moment.+

He would occasionally come down, but only when there was an interesting human.+

The first time he stayed for a long time, was when Hadrian Harmonia was almost killed. Death decided right then and there that he would change the course of history.+

So he created his race of shapeshifters, and followed each and every one of them as they grew up. Eventually, the wizarding world became unstable, and in an alternate reality, one in which Death had never let one human live, the light would have taken over. +

But alas, that was not how things played out. Because Death had indeed let the human live, and thus changed the Plan. The Plan had been good, and would have ended with magic eventually balancing out, but Death had disobeyed.+

Death had been punished for two centuries, under the rules that he would not be able to interfere again during that probation. Then, when the time was up, he went down to Earth and looked down at the child named Hadrian Riddle.+

The baby was but nine months old, but could already speak, hear, see, taste, and touch as well as a two year old.+

On the outside, there seemed to be no flaw, and Death considered letting that thought take over as he let the child grab onto a finger.+

But at that touch, he realized that the child was more flawed than any other. Not even a year old, and Death could already sense a darkness creeping up from his soul and into his mind. 1

Death drew back, ignoring the frown that the child gave him, and went back to Hell.1

At the time, Death hadn't wanted to interfere with the child's life. But he couldn't ignore a direct call. +

So he went down yet again, and entered the child's life. Through all of the flirting and teasing though, Death was worried. The darkness had almost engulfed the child's mind, and if he interfered again, he would get an even harsher punishment.11

And so he watched.+

~•~•~•~•~+

When a human dies, their soul goes to one of two places. Heaven, or Hell. Humans who were good in life, and made it there life goal to help others in some way, went up. Humans who were evil - who killed, maimed, raped, or committed any of the horrible sins - went down. 8

Of course, it was rarely their fault, and so they became pure in Hell and then, after they repented, were released by Death to go to Heaven.+

But there were always the rare cases. Those humans went to a third place - Purgatory. There, the human's mind and soul would be recreated, and put back on Earth to continue their work. Of course, it wasn't the actual human that had died in the first place. 11

The human was changed into a new person, into a new mind and body. The soul stayed relatively the same, with minor changes as the new human grew up. +

This only happened once every few centuries though. There were rarely enough humans that had such ideals that they would go to Purgatory, but when it happened, Death would want to get involved.7

And that was when things would change.+

The soul would change too much from Death's influence, and the future itself would change.+

~•~•~•~•~+

"Let's have a party!" A shout came over the explosions in the castle. A ball of white flew over the heads of the wizards fighting, drawing all attention to itself. The fighting stopped.7

"Please, let's have a party! I love parties! I really want a party! GIVE ME A PARTY!" The voice screamed. The students fighting quivered in fear at the insanity in the voice. 10

"Oh please don't cry. I hate crying, I really do." The voice said, even though sobs could be heard in between the sentences.1

"Avada Kedavra!" Someone in the crowd yelled, a stream of green light now racing towards the figure. The wizards waited with baited breath as the seconds passed. Suddenly, the figure fell from it's position in the sky. With a thud, the body hit the floor, blood starting to pool around it.+

A man ran over and crouched down next to it, lifting the head.+

"Hadrian, wake up." He whispered. A minute passed, the crowd forming a circle around the two. By now, Hadrian's white robe and tail had disappeared, but his black hair had grown another white streak.1

Green eyes suddenly shot open, a bright glow in them fading as he looked around.+

"I would really like to know who just killed me."78

~•~•~•~•~+

They stood in silence as they watched the world crumble. Everyone was dead. Half of the Death Eaters, and all of the light wizards. The Ministry of Magic was being reformed, and the Muggles had been completely cut off from their world.+

"Maybe... Maybe things could have been different." Hadrian whispered as they looked at the body before them. A hand reached out and grasped his own, squeezing in support.+

"Perhaps."54

~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°8

That's it. Hadrian Salazar Riddle is complete. It is a complete story, that I can mark as complete on the site so that everybody knows and I am SO EXCITED! I can't believe this! Thank you guys so much for all of your support, and comments, and anything and everything! I've already set up my next book, so here's the title once I post the first chapter.10

Hadrian Riddle Harmonia - A Harry Potter Fanfiction+

Or you can just look at my profile and find it there. Again, thank you guys so much!+

Amber Silverwood+

Three years have passed since Hadrian Riddle competed in the Triwizard Tournament. The light has a new ally, while the dark loses their strongest to gain more. And in the midst of the chaos, a strong relationship forms that will change the course of history yet again. But has it happened before? And how will this affect that relationship? +

The sequel to HSR is now up! You can find it by searching the title of this 'Chapter', or by going through my works in my profile to find it. I hope you guys all like it, and thanks to everyone who has made it this far with me!2

Amber Silverwood23

Anticipation swelled in all corners of reality. The dead anticipated the decision of Death, while the living simply anticipated the end of the Triwizard Tournament.1

They could feel it though. The living could sense the power that was rising in the air. They did not know what it was, but it still put them on edge.+

The crowd waited with baited breath as the hour mark passed. Only one flare had gone up, and Ms. Delacour had been retrieved, but the other contestants were still racing for the cup.+

Just as they started to relax, the sudden appearance of a large group startled them into silence. The scream of one of the onlookers broke the calm, releasing the dam of chaos stored in the crowd.6

Hadrian grinned as he watched them run. They were like mice - all trying to fit into the one hole in the wall that could save them and only ending up making things worse.+

He pulled out the elder and yew wands, grasping them lightly and relaxing in the sense of familiarity.+

"Tom. Hadrian. What brings you here?" Dumbledore asked, stepping up to face the group of dark wizards.+

"My death eaters have grown impatient. Suffice to say, so have I. Your supposed 'light side' has been destroying the wizarding world, and will kill us all. You must be stopped." Marvolo replied firmly.+

"You seem to think that I'm the bad guy here Tom. Why don't we talk this over a cup of tea, hm?" Dumbledore stated, taking out his own wand.26

"A cup of tea indeed." Marvolo muttered snarkly, and shot off the first spell.2

Hadrian ran to the other side of the makeshift ring, turning into his Nargle form when no one was watching. He flew up and into the crowd, swerving in between the people like one would in an obstacle course.1

Using his fly-like sight, he spotted Draco in a corner and flew to his side, landing on the blonde's shoulder.+

He nugded the boy to move into a secluded area with Legilimency, and held on as Draco was pushed and shoved by the terrified wizards.+

When they were alone, Hadrian shifted back and turned to the surprised boy.+

"Hadrian?! What are you doing here? Aren't you supposed to be in the maze?" Draco asked.+

"I was, but complications arose. Draco, the war starts now, and I need you on our side." Hadrian growled. Draco nodded firmly, and followed after him.9

~•~•~•~•~+

"Come on Dumbledore! Is your age catching up to you? Or is it just the madness of your own plans?" Marvolo shouted over the howling wind and destructive spells.4

"You're the only mad one here Tom! I only wish that I had been able to prevent that while you were at Hogwarts!" Dumbledore replied, robes billowing in the wind.2

Marvolo gritted his teeth, trying to think out a plan. Hadrian was taking too long, and Dumbledore was starting to crack his shields. Any longer than ten minutes more and the playing field would be leveled for Dumbledore.+

He spun out of the way of another deadly curse, barely managing to stay calm. Out of the corner of his eye, he could see Death standing silently, staring at the fight. His surreal eyes seemed to glow in the moonlight, only adding to the eeriness of his being.+

The look on his face, however, was what really scared him. Guilt and determinedness were the only emotions available to his mortal eyes, but it was enough to set him on edge.+

Someone was going to die tonight, and it most likely wasn't going to be a light wizard.55

~•~•~•~•~+

"Dumbledore is going to die tonight, but we will still need you at Hogwarts. There is a cabinet in the Room of Requirement that is connected to one in Knockturn Alley. You will fix it, and then next year we will invade Hogwarts." Hadrian explained hurriedly.+

"What about you? Aren't you coming back to Hogwarts?" Draco asked.+

"In the unlikely event that Dumbledore survives, no. And even if we succeed tonight, I still won't come back. There is too much that I need to do." He replied. Draco nodded understandingly, and ran back to the castle. Hadrian closed his eyes for a moment, and then headed back to his father and Dumbledore.+

~•~•~•~•~•~+

Hadrian's face was set in determination. He knew that Dumbledore was strong and that his father would need help, but he needed to get there quickly.+

The sight that he came upon sent him into shock.+

His father was kneeling on the ground, almost collapsed, Dumbledore standing above him, fully healed. However, there was a woman at his side.+

She was beautiful, with dark ebony hair and fair skin. Hadrian had seen her before though. In a dream.+

"Aria." He heard Marvolo spit out.17

"Elvish magic is a powerful thing, Marvolo. I'm sure you can attest to that now." She stated. Marvolo stayed silent, glaring.4

Snapping back into focus, Hadrian ran over to his father and placed himself in between the two, both wands out. Aria's face broke into a smile.+

"Hadrian! Thank you so much for joining! I remember when you were so small, just a baby. You were the cutest thing!" She said happily.2

"You betrayed my father and killed my mother. You have no right to speak to me like that." Hadrian growled.+

Her smile became forced, a dangerous glint appearing in her eyes.+

"Now now Hadrian. I don't think you understand the situation. I'm more powerful than you. I can kill you." She replied. Hadrian scoffed, smirking.+

"Why don't you try." He challenged. A dark red glow appeared in her hand a second later, slowly moving towards his gut. Just as it was about to touch, it stopped.+

"I strongly suggest that you do not do that, bloodtraitor." Ash said quietly. Her eyes widened in shock, recognition crossing her features.14

"I can't believe it. For centuries, my people have searched for you. Yet here you are, protecting a boy that doesn't even know what you have done."+

"I know that, bloodtraitor. I also know the sins of your people, of which I cringe at the thought of. And yet you wonder why I don't answer your call." Ash replied in disgust.+

"Don't interfere Ash." Hadrian butted in, trying to push his way past the taller man.+

"If I hadn't, you would be dead right now." He stated.+

"I can't die tho-"2

"She would have locked your soul in Hell, preventing even me from retrieving you." Ash snapped. Hadrian shut his mouth, cutting off the sarcastic remark that would have come.3

"Thank you Ash. For protecting him." Marvolo said through gritted teeth. Ash said nothing, staring down the woman in front of him.+

"Leave." He muttered in a dark tone. Aria huffed, before grabbing Dumbledore by the arm and apparating, leaving the three men alone.+

"Are you okay father?" Hadrian asked, turning around and helping him up.3

"I will be. Let's go back to the manor." Marvolo replied. With a nod, Hadrian shadow stepped the both of them back to the manor, Ash following soon after.+

~•~•~•~•~+

"The war begins now, Hadrian. I will need you at my side." Marvolo said, sitting up on the bed.+

"I know father. I already have plans to help our side."+

"Plans?"+

"Most of the dark creatures will follow me. If I can convince them to fight, we will almost be guarenteed victory." Hadrian explained. Marvolo nodded.1

"Then you will leave tomorrow."+

~•~•~•~•~+

"Stay safe. Make sure to call Zolton everyday for all three meals, and always have both wands with you. Always stay in the dark areas, shadow step instead of apparating." Marvolo muttered, fussing over Hadrian.26

"Father, I know how to take care of myself." He replied, swatting away the hands that had gone to his hair. Marvolo sighed, retreating.+

"You had better take care of him." He warned, looking at the albino next to Hadrian.+

"When I am with him." Ash replied. Marvolo nodded and stepped back to his place in front of the Death Eaters.10

"Well then." Hadrian started. "Goodbye Father, Lucius, Narcissa, Evan, Barty." And with that, he left on his journey across the world.9

~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°+

Guess who just lost thirty minutes of their writing. I did! Ya, Wattpad is stupid and uncooperative when you need it most. Anyways, PLEASE SEE THIS - I NEED INPUT. 4

Should I make the next chapter a full chapter, or an epilogue/preview of the next book? Suggestions? Thanks!3

Amber Silverwood+

There was a throne, in the deepest and darkest parts of Hell. This throne was where Death would sit, watching over Earth and making sure that each human died at a certain moment.+

He would occasionally come down, but only when there was an interesting human.+

The first time he stayed for a long time, was when Hadrian Harmonia was almost killed. Death decided right then and there that he would change the course of history.+

So he created his race of shapeshifters, and followed each and every one of them as they grew up. Eventually, the wizarding world became unstable, and in an alternate reality, one in which Death had never let one human live, the light would have taken over. +

But alas, that was not how things played out. Because Death had indeed let the human live, and thus changed the Plan. The Plan had been good, and would have ended with magic eventually balancing out, but Death had disobeyed.+

Death had been punished for two centuries, under the rules that he would not be able to interfere again during that probation. Then, when the time was up, he went down to Earth and looked down at the child named Hadrian Riddle.+

The baby was but nine months old, but could already speak, hear, see, taste, and touch as well as a two year old.+

On the outside, there seemed to be no flaw, and Death considered letting that thought take over as he let the child grab onto a finger.+

But at that touch, he realized that the child was more flawed than any other. Not even a year old, and Death could already sense a darkness creeping up from his soul and into his mind. 1

Death drew back, ignoring the frown that the child gave him, and went back to Hell.1

At the time, Death hadn't wanted to interfere with the child's life. But he couldn't ignore a direct call. +

So he went down yet again, and entered the child's life. Through all of the flirting and teasing though, Death was worried. The darkness had almost engulfed the child's mind, and if he interfered again, he would get an even harsher punishment.11

And so he watched.+

~•~•~•~•~+

When a human dies, their soul goes to one of two places. Heaven, or Hell. Humans who were good in life, and made it there life goal to help others in some way, went up. Humans who were evil - who killed, maimed, raped, or committed any of the horrible sins - went down. 8

Of course, it was rarely their fault, and so they became pure in Hell and then, after they repented, were released by Death to go to Heaven.+

But there were always the rare cases. Those humans went to a third place - Purgatory. There, the human's mind and soul would be recreated, and put back on Earth to continue their work. Of course, it wasn't the actual human that had died in the first place. 11

The human was changed into a new person, into a new mind and body. The soul stayed relatively the same, with minor changes as the new human grew up. +

This only happened once every few centuries though. There were rarely enough humans that had such ideals that they would go to Purgatory, but when it happened, Death would want to get involved.7

And that was when things would change.+

The soul would change too much from Death's influence, and the future itself would change.+

~•~•~•~•~+

"Let's have a party!" A shout came over the explosions in the castle. A ball of white flew over the heads of the wizards fighting, drawing all attention to itself. The fighting stopped.7

"Please, let's have a party! I love parties! I really want a party! GIVE ME A PARTY!" The voice screamed. The students fighting quivered in fear at the insanity in the voice. 10

"Oh please don't cry. I hate crying, I really do." The voice said, even though sobs could be heard in between the sentences.1

"Avada Kedavra!" Someone in the crowd yelled, a stream of green light now racing towards the figure. The wizards waited with baited breath as the seconds passed. Suddenly, the figure fell from it's position in the sky. With a thud, the body hit the floor, blood starting to pool around it.+

A man ran over and crouched down next to it, lifting the head.+

"Hadrian, wake up." He whispered. A minute passed, the crowd forming a circle around the two. By now, Hadrian's white robe and tail had disappeared, but his black hair had grown another white streak.1

Green eyes suddenly shot open, a bright glow in them fading as he looked around.+

"I would really like to know who just killed me."78

~•~•~•~•~+

They stood in silence as they watched the world crumble. Everyone was dead. Half of the Death Eaters, and all of the light wizards. The Ministry of Magic was being reformed, and the Muggles had been completely cut off from their world.+

"Maybe... Maybe things could have been different." Hadrian whispered as they looked at the body before them. A hand reached out and grasped his own, squeezing in support.+

"Perhaps."54

~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°8

That's it. Hadrian Salazar Riddle is complete. It is a complete story, that I can mark as complete on the site so that everybody knows and I am SO EXCITED! I can't believe this! Thank you guys so much for all of your support, and comments, and anything and everything! I've already set up my next book, so here's the title once I post the first chapter.10

Hadrian Riddle Harmonia - A Harry Potter Fanfiction+

Or you can just look at my profile and find it there. Again, thank you guys so much!+

Amber Silverwood+

Three years have passed since Hadrian Riddle competed in the Triwizard Tournament. The light has a new ally, while the dark loses their strongest to gain more. And in the midst of the chaos, a strong relationship forms that will change the course of history yet again. But has it happened before? And how will this affect that relationship? +

The sequel to HSR is now up! You can find it by searching the title of this 'Chapter', or by going through my works in my profile to find it. I hope you guys all like it, and thanks to everyone who has made it this far with me!2

Amber Silverwood23





