This story takes place in, but does not directly follow the events, Harry Potter: The Goblet of Fire. I will reference to the movie script every now and then, but will not follow how every scene is laid out. This story was inspired by Taylor Swift's song, How You Get the Girl, so I highly suggest checking the song out if you haven't heard it before (and checking it out again because it's amazing).978

Feel free to point out any grammar errors or parts that don't make any sense. This will improve my writing and hopefully improve the story. It's been edited as of July 9th, 2016 but sometimes I miss some mistakes and parts that had a gap for a scene change in the original draft but the gap disappeared upon copying it over here. 417

I'd like to warn everyone that Harry is very OOC (out of character) and does act inappropriately. I'm aware of that and apologize in advance for any strange comments from him. (You will find that he randomly spills sexual comments and I'm hanging my head in shame because Harry is awkward when it comes to relationships, but not that awkward).479

I would like to thank She Who Must Not Be Named for creating such a magical world that we can all just dive into. Although I am still not over not being accepted into Hogwarts and not experiencing the whole experience, at least I can read (and watch movies) about it.210

Onwards with the story. ☺️46

A little girl, about eleven years of age, was running down the small town of Wiltshire's streets, occasionally bumping in to people as she went. She muttered apologies and kept her head facing the stoned walkways. There were cars zooming past her, and the air smelt slightly of coconuts. She wasn't sure why it smelt like it did, but it made her somewhat queasy.2K

Aware of the fact that she was not only in a rush to start with, but the smell was probably going to lead to a sneezing fit, she sped up her pace. Within moments she was at the crosswalk and had to skid to stop. Looking left, and then looking right, the girl didn't see any cars coming so stepped out on to the road cautiously. Slowly and steadily, she began to cross the road. Halfway through her journey, she saw two bright headlights coming closer and closer to her. She halted, unsure of what to do, and it wasn't until somebody ran from the side she was aiming for and dragged her to the sidewalk that she realized that the car wasn't going to stop – and was going to hit her. 300

She lifted her chin up slightly to thank her hero but stopped short when she noticed the pale complexion and noticeably platinum blonde hair. He was, undoubtedly, a Malfoy - a member of the family that her mother instructed her to visit and become acquainted with before school began. Her mother had been childhood friends with Narcissa, after all.542

"What're you doin'?" the boy who saved her said, in a somewhat annoyed tone. "You almost got yourself hit with one of those Muggle toys." She couldn't help but notice that when he said muggle he scrunched his nose up slightly.306

"I got scared. Mommy or Daddy would always help me cross the streets," she tried to explain. "You're Draco, aren't you? Draco Malfoy. Mommy said you and me would stick together when school started."675

"She did, did she?" the boy looked her up and down. "My name is Draco, and that must mean that you're Elizabeth. C'mon, our house is this way. Follow my lead so you don't get ran over."477

Elizabeth nodded and reached to grip on to his hand. He flinched at first, but after a moment held on nevertheless. Draco led her through what seemed like countless dampened streets before he stopped in front of what looked to be a castle. 333

"Whoa," Elizabeth whispered. Her family was wealthy and had many luxuries, but they preferred to live in a modest home. Or somewhat modest, despite what it looked like, it definitely was not a castle.34

"Pretty great, huh?" Draco grinned, flashing her a perfectly white smile. "My father paid what must've been billions for this. We have to have loads of house elves just to keep the place looking magical. Can't imagine what only one wizard would have to do to clean it. I guess that's what the house elves are for, right Elizabeth?"387

She didn't like the way he was practically describing house elves as their slaves. Her family owned a few house elves, but they considered them almost family (she did, anyway). She forced herself to give him a shy smile and said, "Shall we go in? I want to see if you have my prince charming inside."167

"We don't, sorry." Draco nudged her and winked, "He's outside."925

Elizabeth rolled her eyes before squeezing on his hand, making him drop his smile and cringe. It only lasted a moment, within the next he was smirking. He tugged on her hand and led her down the ever long driveway towards the castle. On either side of them were hedges that seemed to reach the sky (it might've been just from the eyes of a tween though). They were a deep, grassy green and were speckled with small raindrops from England's rainy climate. As Draco led on, she let herself breathe deeply. The smell after a rainy day had been her favourite ever since she could remember. She couldn't ever explain it, but it just smelt fresh. 230

Draco stopped suddenly, causing Elizabeth to bump into him. "Ow," Draco mumbled. "There should be a house elf coming to open up the doors."40

Realizing they were in front of the castle, Elizabeth gazed up at the roofline and the many windows on the walls. "How many rooms do you have?" She asked curiously.45

"Enough to house a big party, including the unwelcomed guests," Draco said quickly. He examined her for a moment, his gray eyes flittering around her face. "You're a girl alright," he announced. Elizabeth raised her eyebrows at this comment, causing Draco to go on. "And you seem cool. Not me cool, but cool. If you're lucky, I might begin to consider you my sister."904

She smiled at him, "And maybe one of these days you'll be as lucky as a leprechaun to find out that I consider you my brother."229

ϟϟϟA Week Later...961

"Hurry up, you're going to get left behind," Lucius Malfoy yelled backwards towards her. They were passing through the bad part of London, a part where smugglers and pickpocketers were at their finest. The streets were almost as dark as they were narrow, and Elizabeth could've sworn she saw a two-headed rat. 265

"If you don't hurry up, we'll leave you behind and let the trolls get at you," Draco teased from a good few feet ahead of her. Elizabeth gasped and ran to catch up, slowing her pace when she was right beside Draco and grabbed on to his hand. Draco pretended to scowl, "Now you're gonna get us stuck in this alley."119

"Better than being eaten by trolls," she countered.19

"If we get stuck, we're both gonna get eaten."2

"Better together than apart."414

She could almost see Lucius smile at her remark. They were both pureblood families, so maybe Lucius was hoping that her and Draco would end up together and keep the line pure. She scuffed at that thought, as if.716

Lucius led them into a store that had two mugs clinking together on its sign, a pub. The place smelt heavily of body odour, and Elizabeth tried to ignore the stares they were getting, or rather glares. As they were passing through, she couldn't help but whisper to Draco, "Why is everyone glaring?"51

"Must be afraid," Draco whispered back, "Father is quite powerful in the ministry and can send all of them to Azkaban with a snap of his fingers." He glanced at Elizabeth and added, "Not that he would. Says they're a whole lotta mudbloods and half-bloods – not worth his time."79

"What do you say to that?" Elizabeth asked.17

"I don't say anything," Draco admits. "But I think judging half-bloods before knowing them is dumb. You-Know-Who was taken down by a half-blood baby, and it isn't half-blood's fault that their pureblooded parent turned into a blood traitor."611

Elizabeth nodded, not sure what to say. It had become obvious that Draco didn't always agree with his father's way of life, but he did what he did so he would hopefully get approval from him. For instance, just the day before Draco had started to beat up a muggleborn who scuffed at his last name. Elizabeth had to drag Draco with all of her might away from the poor boy.150

There was a tapping sound as Lucius began to, well, tap, a section of the brick wall. Elizabeth was just about to ask what he was doing that for, but stopped herself when the wall opened up like a door. She gaped, her brown eyes sparkling with wonder. Draco laughed quietly and pushed her through the opening, making her almost fall face first on to the courtyard's cobblestoned floor. She caught herself with her hands stretched out in front of her, stopping her face from tumbling and scraping the cold floor. She got up and dusted herself off, stopping to glare at a smirking Draco.79

"That," She said with a slight yawn, "is why when we get to Hogwarts I'll be your only friend."306

Draco's smirk dropped faster than you could say "oh". He muttered something that sounded like, "Let's keep going before father leaves us behind." Even if that wasn't what he ended up saying, Elizabeth pretended like it was. She began to trail behind Lucius again, with Draco behind her. 61

Elizabeth dragged her feet and was mumbling some very profound words under her breathe. She hated the dungeons almost as much as she hated Potions. She had to beg Draco to tutor her last year so she wouldn't fail, and although she got better at it (from a P to an A), she still felt like she was a moron in anything to do with mixing and following recipes. Speaking of Potions, that was her next class, and it was taught by her least favourite teacher, Snape. That seemed to be the case with a lot of students, she realized.366

"Harry, get back here!" She heard her favourite ginger, Ron, yell. She turned around to see Harry sprinting in her direction and Ron, with rather colourful hair, jogging behind him. Elizabeth shook her head at the pair, and diverted her gaze away from them.96

Harry's footsteps and panting (from running) was getting louder, it wasn't until it was too late did she realize that Harry was running right into her. With a thud, Harry seemingly accidentally tackled her to the stone floor. Elizabeth felt as if all the oxygen that filled her lungs escaped with one big whoosh as she crashed chest first on to the floor. She tried to take deep breaths to regain her composure, but that seemed really, really, really hard with someone lying on her back. 466

"Get off," she mumbled, loud enough for Harry to hear, hopefully.9

"Huh?" Harry said in a rather dazed voice. "Oh, right." He rolled off of her so he was lying beside her and smirked. "Why hello, Lizabeth."828

"You forgot the 'e'." Elizabeth stated, sitting up and sorting through her papers so they were in the right order again. She could feel Harry looking at her questionably and said, "My name is Elizabeth. I would think that you'd know that by now, Harry."123

He smiled, a dumb, loopy, goofy smile. "I like the way you say my name. Your voice makes it sound soft and gentle, two things that I'm not... Or at least not yet."1.8K

Elizabeth gaped at him before shaking her head. Any other girl would've blushed at him saying that to them, but Elizabeth can ensure that she is not one of those girls. "Excuse me, Potter, I have class to go to." She stood up and started to walk away, only to be pulled by her shoulders towards Harry.386

"It's just potions," he whispered, "and I can think of a lot of things that you'd prefer over that. I'm pretty sure hanging with me is one of those things." He leaned in so his lips brushed her ear, causing her to jolt away and begin to bolt. "Does that mean you don't want to go out with me?!?" He yelled after her.1.7K

In response, Elizabeth ran even faster and was glad that she made it to the Potions classroom. She took her regular seat next to Hermione and plunked her books down on her desk, her head going on top of it. 27

"What happened?" A concerned Hermione asked. 8

"Harry happened," Elizabeth muttered. "I'd rather someone crucio me than be around him for a few minutes."409

"He's not that bad," Hermione said, patting her friend on the shoulder, causing her to scoff. "He just really, insanely, incredibly likes you."525

Elizabeth sighed as Snape began to shout out attendance. Harry and Ron entered the room, their faces almost as red as Ron's hair. "Potter, Weasley, mind enlightening us on what caused you to come to class late?" Snape said, his voice annoyingly like velvet.35

"Sorry, got held up," Harry smiled, his eyes panning over to where Elizabeth was glaring at him. "Wouldn't mind being held up again, if I may say." 821

"You may not say," Snape shouted. More calmly, he drawled on, "students, because of Mr. Potter and Weasley's here lates and lousy explanations, we will have a seating plan." This earned groans from everyone in the class. "Also, 15 points from Gryffindor." He began listing off the new seating arrangement, and Elizabeth had her fingers crossed that she would sit across the room from Harry, or at least not anywhere near him. She began to whisper her hopes over and over and over again until she heard the awful, fatal words, "Reething and Potter."515

Elizabeth began banging her head on her table, earning a nudge from Padma, who she hadn't noticed was behind her. "C'mon Elizabeth, if you survive today maybe Snape will take away the seating plan." Padma encouraged her. 166

"Why are you over here?" Elizabeth asked, sounding more annoyed than she'd like.39

"You're sitting in my new seat," Padma said, with a smile that could almost be considered a smirk.. "Speaking of new seats... Harry is waiting over there," she nodded her head to the left, "for you. And, if he tries anything with you, feel free to tell Draco because I'm sure he'll hex him into next week."281

Elizabeth stood up and smiled meekly at Padma, "He better start working on those spells. I have a feeling that he will have to hex Potter very soon." She gave her a quick hug before gathering her books and sitting in the empty seat beside Harry, who was beaming at her like a kid seeing his presents on Christmas.251

"Today you will be mixing Volubilis," Snape drawled. "Does anyone know what this potion does?"15

As usual, Hermione raises her hand quickly into the air, her arm seeming higher than the Eiffel Tower. Elizabeth looked around and noticed that Hermione was the only one who raised her hand. Letting out a sigh, Elizabeth raised her hand too, mainly just because she didn't want Hermione to be teased for being the only one who knew what the hell a Volubilis does.164

"Yes, Reething?" Snape called on her.23

"The Volubilis Potion alters the drinker's voice. It can also restore their voice if they have lost it, therefore removing the effects of the Silencing Charm if it was placed on them," Elizabeth answered, her dark brown eyes sparkling.142

"Correct, 5 points to Ravenclaw," Snape said. "Open your books to page 113 and start working with your partner beside you."1K

Elizabeth looked side to side to double check who was beside her and much to her disappoint, it was Harry. After letting out a sigh, she flipped to the right page and turned to Harry.39

"Do you want to get the cauldron while I get the ingredients?" She asked as politely as she could.5

His smile seemed to widen, "Anything for mi'lady."1.4K

Elizabeth cringed and left her seat, walking towards the ingredients cabinet. She grabbed a flask of Honeywater, some mint sprigs, a stewed mandrake (those poor things), and headed back to her seat. She gently placed the ingredients down, only for Harry to grip on to her hand. "What are you doing?" She demanded.115

"You forgot the Syrup of Hellebore," he said. "I'll go get it while you start mixing?"80

She shook her head, fast enough to give her whiplash. "N-no... I'll get it." Elizabeth defiantly did not want to be the reason for their potion to fail, no matter how much she disliked Harry. Harry gave her a curious look, but decided not to say anything.69

She wandered and got a cup with a little bit of Syrup of Helleborne and yet again, sat down in her seat. Harry had already added the Honeywater, so the mixture was slowly turning into a bright pink. 7

"So, Elizabeth," Harry said, a grin on his face as he put the flask over a portable fire. "Do you want to go out with me?"824

Elizabeth cringed, "No thank you." She looked down at her potions book, "Isn't it supposed to turn orange?" The potion was turning a red, which according to the book, it was supposed to do near the very end, not the beginning. 80

Harry shrugged; his smile had disappeared after her denying. "Supposed to, maybe it's going to turn orange after its done turning red."59

Elizabeth began chopping up the mint sprigs into tinier pieces and tossed them into the potion, even though the potion wasn't yet orange. She figured it might speed up the potion-making process.50

"Did I ever tell you that you're even prettier up close?" Harry admired, twiddling with the stewed mandrake. "I think I'll call you Beauty from now on," he finished with a grin.677

"Please don't," Elizabeth said, trying to pay attention to the potion. The potion was turning a blue so she dumped in the rest of the mint sprigs. "Are we supposed to stir this at all or just heat it?"19

"Stir and heat," Harry replied, "or at least, that's how you get an 'exceedingly well done' potion of this kind." He picked up his stirring rod and stirred two times counter-clockwise before returning to twiddling with the stewed mandrake. 7

Elizabeth stole it from his hands and dropped it in, causing a whiff of smoke to rise up. 7

"If you're going to steal my ingredients, at least replace it with something," Harry whined, grabbing a hold of her hand. He smiled, "Much better."640

"Harry," Elizabeth said sternly, her brown eyes glaring into his bright green ones, "put the syrup in."64

Harry dropped her hand, groaning, and poured in a small amount of the syrup. He leaned back and stretched his arms out before running his hands through his hair. "You know, you could be the one to run your hands through my hair. It's soft, all you gotta do is ask." His eyes seemed even brighter as they gleamed.943

Elizabeth sighed, this is exactly the reason why she preferred to avoid Harry. He was the kind of person to make either sweet remarks, full-of-himself remarks, or sexual remarks. It was strange, because whenever she heard him talking to anyone else he talked like the brave, heroic Gryffindor that he was. 143

"Elizabeth?" Harry cooed, "Elizabethhhhh..."373

A jolt of sparks flew past Elizabeth's face and she squealed (out of fright, not from Harry's cooing), and sprung her hand into the air. Snape came over and approved of their potion, leaving them to have the remaining minutes of class to talk or study amongst themselves.22

"You know Harry," Elizabeth said, causing him to smile widely at her again. "If you're going to bother me all the time," cue Harry's smile faltering, "at least try to start a conversation or somethin'."167

There was a ringing of a bell, cuing the end of class. Elizabeth practically sprang from her seat and ran over to where Padma was sitting. She smiled faintly at her and the two of them left the class, leaving behind a dumbstruck Harry.71

Lessons were cut short that day, much to Elizabeth's dismay. She was enjoying her second favourite class, Defence Against the Dark Arts, when Professor Moody dismissed them half an hour early, shooing them to their common rooms to put their books away. Elizabeth was neither grateful nor annoyed, she was happy to be out of classes, but she had just begun to master Aqua Eructo. As easily as the spell came to her, she wished she had more time to bank it in her memory.149

"Elizabeth, hurry up! We're going to be late!" Padma yelled at her. They were walking up the twisting and turning staircase that led to the Ravenclaw common room to put their books away, and apparently Padma didn't like them just walking there.14

"I'm coming, I'm coming," Elizabeth yelled back, starting to run, passing her friend as she did so. Padma began running, trailing a bit behind her. Elizabeth stopped in front of the dark, wooden door.144

Padma stopped behind her and nodded for Elizabeth to be the one to grab the door's golden, eagle shaped handle. Elizabeth glared, to which Padma shrugged, "I opened it yesterday."1

Elizabeth gripped the handle and knocked three times. An eerily deep voice came from the handle, it's voice as clear as day. "Under pressure is the only way I work and by myself is the only way I'm hurt. What am I?"849

Elizabeth hesitated for a moment, replaying the riddle in her head. After what seemed to be a long time of thinking it over (when in reality it was only a few seconds), she replied confidently, "A diamond."423

The door swung open and Elizabeth grinned, rather proud of herself. She turned, still grinning, and gestured for Padma to go first. Padma mumbled something along the lines of "know-it-all" to which Elizabeth grinned wider. Elizabeth entered the common room after Padma and took in a deep breath of the air. It always smelt slightly of new books with a hint of cinnamon, her favourite mixture of smells. The wide, circular room had the softest midnight blue carpet that Elizabeth missed making carpet angels on (it's like snow angels but on carpet).62

"Are you looking for Nargles?" Luna asked in her dreamy tone from somewhere in the room. Elizabeth glanced around the room to find Luna reading a book sitting upside down on one of the couches, her feet swinging slightly in the air as her head hangs from the couch.298

"Luna, what are you doing?" Elizabeth laughed.12

"Reading George Linen's new book about the average day of Nargles," Luna answered.30

"C'mon Luna, we have to be in front of the castle in a few minutes." Padma said. She turned and nodded to Elizabeth, "Let's go put our books in our dorm."25

Elizabeth followed Padma to the edge of the room where the gigantic marble statue of Rowena Ravenclaw stood. There were two doors, one on either side of her. They entered the door to the left and wandered down the wide hallway to their door. Elizabeth smiled when she saw the handwritten sign they had made during their first year. They had used glitter pens and markers to make it look as fancy as possible. But with their eleven year old art talent, let's just say that they probably should've thrown the sign out a long time ago.13

Elizabeth dropped her books on her bookshelf that was stood tall behind her bed. She grabbed a hair tie from her night stand and quickly wrapped her hair in a medium-height ponytail.27

"All good to go?" Elizabeth called over to Padma, who was drastically trying to fit her school books somewhere in between her night reading books and her free time reading books.66

"Almost..." Padma said. She shoved her last text book between two books, a little bit too hard, causing the bookshelf to shake slightly. The bookshelf dropped three books from the top shelf and Padma sighed. "Let's go."3

"Are you sure? We can clean that---"2

"Let's go," Padma repeated frustratingly. "I'll clean it up when we get back."17

Elizabeth mentally shrugged, not wanting to argue. She had learned a long time ago not to question Padma when it had anything to do with books. There were some serious silent treatments during her first year because of that.46

The two girls left their rooms and met up with Luna in the common room, who seemed to be jumping with excitement. She actually was slightly, hopping up and down in place. Luna was too excited to even move, so Elizabeth and Padma each grabbed one of her arms and dragged her down the Ravenclaw stairs. When they left the bottom of the tower, Luna pulled her arms out of their hands. 32

"Sorry, I must've been too happy. I was thinking that Beauxbatons might arrive on pegasus, and you know I have a weak spot for magical creatures," Luna said softly, her pale cheeks flushing pink.200

"It's ok, and I bet they are," Elizabeth agreed. "Do you think Viktor Krum will be coming with the Durmstrang?"7

"I hope so," Padma gushed, "he's so attractive and fit."430

The girls continued to gush about how they might be arriving and who might be coming until they were just outside of Hogwarts' doors. Elizabeth spotted Draco and his gang of Slytherins standing a little distance away, closer to the black lake. Padma caught her glancing their way and nudged her, "Go over and talk with them. Me and Luna will be fine."43

"Luna and I, you mean," Elizabeth jokingly corrected, to which Padma cringed. Padma lightly pushed her in their direction and Elizabeth laughed. "Alright, alright, I'm going."102

She walked over to the line of Slytherins and hugged Draco from behind, causing him to turn and glare. "Who do you think--- Oh, hi Lizzie." He sneered before smiling down at her. "Come to watch the most exciting thing since the flying lessons with your favourite people?"433

"I am here to watch that, yes," Elizabeth nodded. "But... as for with my favourite people," she looked around the lawn full of people, "I believe they're somewhere over there. Bye, Draco."79

She faked taking a step away from him but he stopped her by gripping her arm. "You're lying," he stated.147

There was a muffled chuckle somewhere beside them. Elizabeth peered and noticed Blaise had his mouth covered by his hands and was gazing at them. When he caught her looking, he removed his hand from his mouth and waved.222

"Nope, there's my favourite person. Hi Blaise!" Elizabeth joked.138

Draco rolled his eyes at her and pulled her close. "What ever happened to the quiet, polite Elizabeth that got sorted into Ravenclaw?" He looked her up and down before adding, "I always thought you'd make a good Slytherin with your lying."147

Elizabeth leaned back into his chest and closed her eyes. "I always thought you'd make a good Hufflepuff with your natural caring, sweet nature."348

"Great sarcasm game, Lizzie," Draco rolled his eyes. "I heard you had a new seating plan in Potions, sitting next to Potter?"25

Elizabeth wasn't sure if he was bringing that up to annoy her or to pry information so he will know whether or not to hex Harry. "Yeah... I think it's a cruel joke that Snape is pulling."72

"Remind me to ask Snape if I can put down spells to capture your conversations," Blaise snickered. If glares could kill, Blaise would be fifteen feet under from Elizabeth's stare alone.50

Elizabeth remained quiet and glaring until she saw a flash of something soaring into sight. Elizabeth let out an amazed gasp, a carriage being pulled by what looked to be flying horses. Pegasus. Her eyes flickered to Luna, who looked like she was going to faint at any moment. The horses lowered and lowered until they were running on the dirt road. The carriage rolled through Hogwarts' gates and people cheered for the visitors.56

"I wonder how Durmstrang is coming?" Blaise asked.7

"What if that carriage was them?" Draco said very seriously. Elizabeth and Blaise shared a gaze before both looking at Draco. 115

"I said what if," Draco defended himself.123

Elizabeth scoffed, earning herself a rub on the head by Draco. "Hey! Leave my hair alone!" She shouted. Blaise and Draco laughed while she pouted. "You guys suck."9

"I think we lick actually..."1.6K

Elizabeth groaned, ignoring them and their sick jokes, and deciding to stare at the Black Lake instead. She admired the way that the school's reflection flickered on the waves that hit smoothly along the shoreline. There was a really loud splash and some crashing sounds, startling her. A ship was rising from the Black Lake, a very large one at that. It must've been bigger than most of the buildings at Hogsmeade.9

"That's bloody amazing!" Elizabeth heard Ron say from somewhere behind her.87

The boat sailed to the Black Lake's shore and people cheered. Before they could witness the students leaving the ship, professors began yelling instructions for all the Hogwarts students to go to the Great Hall for dinner.2

Elizabeth grinned, she honestly couldn't wait for the other schools to be introduced (or for dinner, mostly for dinner).70

It was the day after the newcomers were introduced. Elizabeth and Hermione were sitting in the Great Hall, people watching. They were in the midst of talking about who they think is going to enter the Triwizard Tournament.110

"Cedric Diggory is definitely going to enter," Elizabeth stated. "He always rants about how Hufflepuffs should be respected, even if no one really knows what a Hufflepuff is."935

"I don't bet at all, but if I did, I would definitely bet that he is going to enter," Hermione agreed. She thought for a moment before adding, "I bet Viktor Krum from Durmstrang is going to enter."9

Elizabeth scoffed, "He is the only relevant person from Durmstrang so I wouldn't doubt it."77

"I'm sure there are plenty of relevant people from Durmstrang," Hermione said, rather defensively. But that didn't hide the faint blush that was creeping on her cheeks. 38

"Oh my god, does Hermione have a crush on Ron's man?" Elizabeth gasped, only half-jokingly. She had heard from the entrances of the schools that Ron was a little bit (that's a bit of an understatement) excited about seeing Krum in their school. Before Hermione could reply, Elizabeth nudged her and pointed towards the figure approaching the Goblet of Fire. "If it isn't your lover boy." 197

The pair watched as Krum entered his name in the goblet. After the fire of blazed a satisfied green, he turned to where they were sitting and flashed a smile, followed by a wink. Hermione looked down immediately, trying to hide her ever reddening cheeks.29

"Did Viktor Krum enter?" a voice from behind them asked. Elizabeth spun around in her seat to see Ron and Harry, she guessed that Ron was the one who asked.2

"Naturally," she responded. 11

Ron grinned and sat down beside Hermione, while Harry sat down beside Elizabeth. Elizabeth scooted to the right a bit, sitting herself closer to Hermione than to Harry. 5

"So, Beauty..." Harry spoke up.356

"That's not my name," Elizabeth sang, causing a snort from Ron.113

"It might not be, but it suits," Harry responded, to which Elizabeth rolled her eyes. Harry noticed the twins sauntering in to the hall and commented, "Do you think they'll find a way to enter?"16

Elizabeth looked at him, slightly in shock that he was actually asking her a question that didn't involve dating. "Um..." she stammered, sparing a glance at the twins. They were talking excitedly amongst themselves while gesturing to a potion in their hands. "Let's see, an age line that Dumbledore, himself, made versus two goofy twins who think they know what they're doing... I'd have to go with they won't find a way to enter." She looked at Harry to be polite and make eye contact before asking, "What about you?"122

"I never know what to expect out of them," He admitted with a shrug. "I wouldn't be surprised either way." With a smile he added, "Now that we've had a conversation, how about that date?"594

Elizabeth frowned and shook her head, "I never agreed I would go out with you if we had a conversation. I just suggested that if you were going to bother me, you might as well try to have a conversation with me instead of annoying me."3

Harry let out a sigh, an indicator that he knew that she was right.6

"It's not going to work," Hermione suddenly said in a singsong voice.200

Elizabeth turned her attention to Hermione and the twins, who were about to drink an aging potion.3

"Oh yeah?" Fred said, crouching down slightly so he was at eye level with her.309

"How do you know it won't?" George asked with a smirk, obviously confident in his and his twin's plan.95

Elizabeth could see Hermione's annoyance, clear on her face. With a huff, Hermione stood up from her seat and gestured to the line around the goblet. "Because, that line is drawn by the Dumbledore. It wouldn't be fooled by something so pathetically dimwitted as an aging potion."23

"And that's why it's so brilliant," Fred grinned, standing up straight.7

"Because it's so pathetically dimwitted," George finished, a grin stretching on his face.59

"I'm going to laugh when you guys fail," Elizabeth spoke up. Her brown eyes were gleaming and a smile was threatening to appear.28

"That's a good thing that we won't fail, then." Fred replied.42

"Ready, Fred?" George asked, lifting his potion up with one hand, flicking it a few times with the other.228

"Ready, George!" Fred exclaimed, taking the bottle off of his and taking a swig. George did the same, chugging his potion down effortlessly.198

Together, they jumped over the age line with a smirk. The eyes of everyone who were in the Great Hall were on them, and they must've realized, because they began to bow. They took out their pieces of paper that they had written earlier with their names on it, and tossed it in the goblet.3

Elizabeth let out a gasp, and Harry whispered to her, "That is incredible." 5

She nodded and stared in wonder as the goblet's flame turned a dangerous red, rejecting the papers. The flame jolted the twins away from it, over the age line they flew, and they landed on the floor with an uncomfortable umph.11

It wasn't until they sat up that she realized that the goblet of fire had done something to them. They had grown long, white beards... A beard that if it were any longer, Dumbledore would be jealous of it.248

Elizabeth burst out in laughter at the sight, her eyes beginning to water from laughing so hard.5

Fred turning to George, "You said..."4

"You said..." George exclaimed before launching himself at his twin. They began to play wrestle, their beards tangling with each other. 28

The scene caused Elizabeth to gasp for air, but she couldn't stop laughing. She almost fell off her seat backwards because she was laughing so hard, causing Harry, in between his fits of laughter, to put his arm behind her. She hadn't realized that Harry had moved closer to her, but she was thankful for the support. At least this way she wouldn't embarrass herself by falling over and bonking her head.302

"What is going on in here?" Dumbledore's voice boomed through the Great Hall. He entered the room and his eyes fell upon the twins, who had stopped their wrestling. (Fred was on top of George, so it was kind of still obvious that they had been fighting.) 117

"Dumbledore, we grew beards almost as great as yours," George mumbled from under Fred.150

Dumbledore stared at them for a moment before cracking a smile, dismissing them to go to Madam Pomfrey. 72

Students began filing into the hall for Hallowe'en's supper. Elizabeth took a deep breath to stop her laughter before excusing herself. "As funny as this all was, I should get to my own house's table." She gently pushed Harry's arm off of her and stood up, dusting herself off, and moving to her table.95

A/N: Draco as a ferret is so cute. I want twelve.579

ϟϟϟ20

"Why were you seated beside Harry?" Padma asked Elizabeth questionably, as soon as the blondish girl sat down in her spot at the Great Hall beside her. "I thought you disliked him."25

"I don't dislike him, I just dislike how he always bothers me," Elizabeth corrected. 72

"So why sit beside him?" Padma asked curiously. 3

Elizabeth just shrugged, "He was being nice at the time. Plus, he sat beside me when I was sitting beside Hermione."28

Padma shook her head at the response and turned to pile food on to her plate. Elizabeth did the same, grabbing mashed potatoes, peas, a bun, and she almost forgot to grab her daily intake of Nanaimo bars. 104

"Harry's looking at you," Luna marvelled from across the table. 48

"When is he ever not staring at her," Padma muttered, earning a nudge from Elizabeth. "Sorry, but it's rather creepy. It's like the Chosen One has chosen you."395

Luna burst into laughter, "It's like he believes that she's his princess that needs saving. I wonder what princess you would be... Snow White? Rapunzel? Aurora?"452

Elizabeth frowned, shaking her head. "If he claims that I'm a princess I might just slap him. Claiming that I'm someone who needs saving won't win me over."288

They dropped the topic after that, starting to eat in silence. After the meal was all eaten, Dumbledore stood up from his seat on the stage. "It is time for the TriWizard Champions to be chosen. The champion from Durmstrang is," Dumbledore held out his hand and the Goblet of Fire shot out a paper, which Dumbledore opened before answering, "Viktor Krum!"5

All the people sitting at the Slytherin table burst into applause, which was incredible when you think about it. Slytherins hardly ever showed school spirit. 51

The Goblet of Fire shot out another name, "The champion from Beuxbatons is Fleur Delacour!"82

It was the Ravenclaw's table's turn to burst into applause. Elizabeth clapped and looked further down the table to see the quarter-Veela. The girl looked a mixture between ecstatic and worried. Elizabeth stood up slightly so Fleur could see her above all the heads and gestured for her to stand up, sending a sympathetic smile her way. Fleur caught Elizabeth's eye and nodded, standing up from her seat and running up on to the stage, where she was escorted into a back room.93

The Goblet of Fire let out the last name, Hogwart's champion. "The Hogwarts Champion is Cedric Diggory!"245

Everyone who attended Hogwarts clapped excitedly, with the Hufflepuff table being the most enthusiastic. It was, after all, the first time in a while that they had accomplished anything; even if it was just being the house who hosted a Triwizard competitor. 164

"Excellent!" Dumbledore yelled, as the cheering died down. "We now have our three champions. But in the end, only one will go down in history. Only one will hoist the Chalice of Champions... This vessel of victory... The TriWizard Cup!"37

"I guess that's it," Elizabeth said to Padma, readying to stand up from her spot, when something strange happened. The goblet of fire lit up again, shooting out another name.67

Dumbledore reached out to catch the name and read it out loud, "Harry Potter." There was a sickening silence throughout the halls before he repeated himself, more questioning this time and confused, "Harry Potter?" Looking down at the paper again in confirmation, Dumbledore's voice once more boomed down the hall, "Harry Potter!"256

Elizabeth turned to look at Harry, a mix of emotions and thoughts swimming through her head. On one hand, she thought that he was a cheat. But her reasonable side said that it was unreasonable for him to even dream of entering, because he already sort of had eternal glory. She decided to settle for the sympathetic glance, and offered him a small smile as Hermione nudged him to get up from his seat. 45

Harry stumbled to the front and gazed at Elizabeth before being ushered to the back room. Meanwhile, the Great Hall broke out into chaos.58

 "This is outrageous!" 29

"He's a cheat!"40

"He's not even 17 yet!"144

"Shut up!" Elizabeth yelled, causing the Ravenclaw table to silence, but the other houses were still ranting on and on. She stood up and gestured to her housemates, "We are the wisest students at the school, aren't we? Do you really, honestly, believe that Harry Potter, the one who has more fame than anyone could ever want at his age, would enter a tournament for eternal glory?"321

A girl from Beauxbatons was the first one to reply, "I'm not even from Hogwarts, let alone in this house, and I agree. Everyone far and wide knows who Harry Potter is. Why would he want more fame?"243

There was a scoff from further down the table from Elizabeth. "Of course he entered. The goblet wouldn't shoot out a name of someone who didn't enter." 13

Elizabeth turned her head and saw Terry Boot with a slight scowl on her face. "Perhaps someone older entered his name as a joke. A student with a grudge or a professor who despises him?"55

"Or he entered because he wanted to impress you," Terry scoffed. 365

"You are unbelievable," Elizabeth said, shaking her head. 40

ϟϟϟ84

Elizabeth was wandering around Hogwarts' halls. It was a Sunday, and two days after the champion choosing ceremony. And it was a warm day, surprisingly, despite it being fall. She was nearing the courtyard and saw Draco and a few Slytherins, sauntering around wearing badges supporting Cedric.3

"Hey Draco!" She shouted, calling over her good friend. He smiled and waved her over, and she ran to meet him underneath the tree in the middle. "I love your badges, way to show some school spirit."53

He grinned, "It gets even better." With a flicker, the red 'Support Cedric Diggory' badge turned into a green badge that made Elizabeth cringe. Here, Elizabeth was hoping that the Slytherins actually had school spirit for once. The green badge had 'Potter Stinks!' written in big letters. Draco took in Elizabeth's cringed expression and his grin dropped. "I thought you would love it, with the whole creepy-stalker deal." He then held out his hand, another pin in hand, and offered it to her.130

Not wanting to offend, Elizabeth took it and smiled faintly, before turning away and pulling her wand out, whispering a spell to change the mean side into something a bit nicer. She continued to put it on over the right side of her chest.64

"Speaking of which," Draco draped an arm over her shoulder and turned her so they were both facing one of the entrances. "If it isn't the devil himself; talking to Diggory." 55

Sure enough, Harry was talking to Cedric, and it soon ended with Cedric looking bewildered and Harry about to continue his walk through the courtyard. He looked, for lack of better words, pissed.26

"Why so tense, Potter?" Draco called out to him, his arm still over Elizabeth's shoulder. He sauntered over to Harry, and Harry took one glance at his arm around Elizabeth and scowled. This didn't falter Draco, though, as he continued on. "My father and I have a bet, you see. I don't think that you're going to last 10 minutes in this tournament. He disagrees. He thinks you won't last five."215

Elizabeth sat on her favourite windowsill with her favourite book open in her lap. She was comfy and warm, away from the promising breeze of a soon cold winter that November brought. She felt, in other words, perfectly at home. She had stopped coming to the windowsill sometime in her second year, but since all she heard from any of her friends was drama involving the TriWizard Tournament, she decided it was a perfect excuse to go there again. 49

There was loud laughter and footsteps coming in her direction, causing Elizabeth to bury her nose deeper in her book. The footsteps stopped, and she sighed in relief, pulling her head back up so she could read properly. 3

"Oi, Gingabeth!" a voice said from beside her. She cringed; only two people in the entire school called her that name. Based off of the heavy accent that laced the nickname, she knew who it was without even looking.245

"What do you want, Seamus?" Elizabeth asked as calmly as she could.92

"Nothing, really," He said innocently, "was just wondering why you aren't with Malfoy."19

"I thought you were tied to his leash," Seamus' best friend, Dean added. Elizabeth was certain that later Seamus would high-five him later for saying that.166

"For your information, my universe does not revolve around Draco," Elizabeth rolled her eyes, still not turning away from her precious book to look at the two devils in Gryffindor clothing.54

"It certainly seems like it, with him controlling your life and all that," Seamus said, almost positively with a grin.2

Elizabeth gritted her teeth, holding back the urge to cast spells upon the two. "He does not control my life, just is a good friend and looks out for me."1

She must've blinked, because the next thing she knew, her book was in Dean's hands and the two were forcing her to look at them.34

"A friend doesn't seem like the kind of person who would threaten your boyfriend to break up with you or else," Seamus said, his voice a deeper and more animal like tone than she thought was humanly possible.411

"A friend does make sure that their friends don't date gits," Elizabeth shot back, standing up from her windowsill and crossing her arms defensively. "I suppose I have to thank Draco for ensuring that."99

If steam could blow out of people's ears, Dean would be a volcano. He hated Elizabeth calling his best friend a git, so without a second thought, his two hands gripped the page that Elizabeth was on and began pulling. The sound of ripping paper felt like torture to Elizabeth's ears. She had no regrets about pouncing on the Gryffindor. She landed on his back. He winced on impact but kept the book safe in his hands, if safe means being able to destroy it. 421

"Leave my book alone, Dean!" She yelled into his ear, reaching for his chest area to get her book back. 55

Seamus rolled his eyes, before muttering a paralysis spell at her. Elizabeth fell backwards like a brick and yelped when she impacted the cold stone floor. 188

"Shred it," Seamus told Dean, "and make it quick." He looked down at the unmoving Elizabeth and smiled a smile that you might see on a villain. "If you tell Malfoy, we'll do much more than ruin your favourite book," Seamus promised, reaching down to pet her strawberry blonde hair. 711

Elizabeth's fudge brown eyes narrowed, filling with so much hatred that it almost made Seamus wince. Dean ripped every page and tossed the ruined book down to her. The pair left Elizabeth paralysed on the ground, with nothing to stare at but the ceiling and a book in pieces that once brought her so much joy. She did everything in her power not to cry at the sight.358

ϟϟϟ13

Harry was wandering the castle alone, trying to ease his mind with no luck. He was worried about the coming challenge, one where he has to face against a dragon and steal its egg. He was beyond angry with Ron, his best friend who had turned on him and called him a cheat just because Harry's name was somehow placed in the Goblet of Fire. And, most of all, he was worrying about his Lizabeth. To anyone else, it would seem like it would be the least of stuff he needs to worry about, but Harry hadn't seen her in so long that he couldn't help but wonder if she was injured or worse, avoiding him.172

He turned down an unfamiliar hallway, feeling uneasy by how empty it was. He shrugged the feeling off; he was the Boy Who Lived, was he really going to be scared of a hallway in the safest place for wizards? His logical side of his brain pointed out that he had seen a lot of deadly stuff in the school in his five short years there. His other side of the brain pointed out that the other side should avoid overthinking and shut up. That side of the brain won.64

He continued walking, passing through some windows that let in sunlight. He stopped for a moment to admire the castle grounds that were visible from the windows. It looked peaceful outside with hardly any wind. Harry just watched for a while, letting his mind settle and calm down. He turned his gaze back to the hallway to discover a silhouette of somebody lying on the floor. 60

"Are you alright over there?" Harry called out to the form as he walked with purpose closer to it. It wasn't until he saw the hair that fell like a blanket around the form that he began to run. "Elizabeth!"9

Elizabeth, after being frozen for over an hour with no sign of help coming, had come to the conclusion that she would be stuck in lonely solitude until the spell wore off. That is, if the spell ever wore off. When she heard the voice call out if she needed help, she felt a flash of hope, a flash that turned into a constant flare when she heard the owner of the voice running towards her.5

Harry kneeled down beside Elizabeth, stroking her hair as he tried to determine what happened. He saw no clear injuries: no cuts, no bruises. He was utterly confused of what to do. His mind was racing about, thinking of spells that could help her frozen state. 55

Could she be paralysed? Harry asked himself, looking down at Elizabeth with her brown eyes that made him melt. They were beautiful, even when they were pleading. I suppose it wouldn't hurt to try.89

He pulled his wand out of his robe's pocket and casted the antiparalysis spell that Hermione insisted that he should learn. To his relief, Elizabeth sat up in a daze. He watched as she scrambled to grab a book that looked like a mess. 3

"Are you ok?" Harry asked. 52

Elizabeth sniffled as she shook her head. She was stroking the pages of the book and turned to Harry. The look that her face held was enough to shatter his heart into a million pieces and put his heart back together just to break it again. Harry opened his arms, letting Elizabeth have the option to be hugged or not. 181

Without a moment of hesitation, Elizabeth crawled towards him and let him hug her. Harry let one hand remained solid, protecting her from whatever tragedy was playing through her mind, while the other hand drew patterns along her back. 187

Elizabeth was quiet for a moment before sobbing, "They... they ripped my book. My favourite book."403

Harry considered what she said for a moment. She was tearing up over a book? Not the fact that she was paralysed by someone? If she wasn't crying into his shoulder, he would've laughed. Out loud he said, "Do you want to talk about it?"159

"Seamus and Dean... They found me and decided to irritate me by saying how Draco controlled my life. Draco doesn't control me, if he was controlling me he would be beating himself up over it. Seamus pointed out our breakup last year, as if it was Draco's fault that Draco warned me that Seamus was a git and acted on it. I called Seamus out on it and... Dean took my book. I tried getting it back just to be paralysed by Seamus and for Dean to rip it to shreds," Elizabeth cried. "Seamus told me... That if I told Draco... They would do much worse things that ruin my favourite book."253

Harry couldn't help it; he held on to her tighter and planted a kiss on the top of her head. "You told me, and I promise that I won't let anything bad happen to you, especially not from them." 1.3K

"Thank you, Harry," Elizabeth couldn't help but mumble.54

Hearing her say that and his name, Harry grinned despite the situation. He didn't even realize what he was saying until after it came out, "If you date me, even if it is for one day, I will be plenty more grateful than Seamus ever was." 388

Elizabeth pulled back, her brown eyes narrowing, "My 'Harry's about to ask my out' sense is tingling." Harry didn't even try to deny it, causing Elizabeth to huff in disbelief. She wiggled out of his embrace and stood up before he could even feel the heat gone. "If the only reason why you're nice to me is because you want a date, you might as well not waste your time or my time at all." 210

She left him, leaving Harry to question what he did that was so bad.288

It's been a week since the incident, and Elizabeth couldn't help but wonder if she was overreacting just a little bit. She told Padma what happened, but the only response from her was a sympathetic pat on the back. Really, that girl read more books than the castle had stairs, and that was the only advice that she had? Elizabeth wasn't quite sure how to feel about that.213

It was also a few days since the first challenge, and the whole dragon scene seemed to make everything go back to normal. She had noticed, from a safe distance, that the Golden Trio was back to being all friends, whatever bad blood that had run between Ron and Harry was forgotten. 38

She was sitting at the Ravenclaw table and sipping on some warm lentil soup, idly listening to Luna tell stories that were too fantastical to be true. Elizabeth felt guilty. She had been avoiding Harry which she had to admit, didn't seem fair to her anymore. Sure, she hated how he was going to ask her out after she had a bad run-in with her ex-boyfriend, and how the reason behind him being so worried about her was because he wanted a date. But, at least he cared. To some extent. 77

She glanced over at the Gryffindor table, only to find that Harry was staring at her. It must've been too long for him to handle since she had last looked directly at him, because the next thing she knows, he is spilling drink from his mouth. 364

"Why, would you look at that?" Padma giggled, looking over at the reddening Harry. 1

Hermione and Ron were laughing at him, before Hermione looks down at the table to see a newspaper. Her laughter falls short and she turns visibly frustrated. 2

A girl from Beauxbatons sits down beside them and whispers, "Did you guys hear about the Yule Ball? It's on Christmas Eve." Her blue eyes were sparkling with excitement, something Elizabeth barely had time to realize before the girl moved on to tell more people.66

"That sounds like so much fun," Padma commented.32

"We absolutely have to go," Elizabeth agreed.1

"We should go dress-shopping," Padma planned. "C'mon, let's go invite my sister."8

Elizabeth looked down at the cookie that she had on her plate, debating whether or not she should take it with her. She stood there for a long moment, an internal debate raged on like politics did, before Padma interrupted her.162

"Just take the cookie with you."82

Elizabeth grinned and picked it up, taking a small but savoury bite. "Oh my goodness," she sighed happily at the taste, "good call, Padma. Let's go talk to your sister."36

The two walked over to the Gryffindor table to where Parvati sat; just a few seats down from the Golden Trio. Elizabeth let the twins talk to each other and plan things while she just ate her cookie, totally content with life. 64

"Elizabeth!" Hermione called her over, making her mentally fall from cookie heaven. Hermione was waving her over and Elizabeth decided she might as well see what she wanted.83

"Hey, Hermione," Elizabeth greeted her, sitting down beside her. She was directly across from Ron and Harry but decided not that it would be better not to look that way. "What's new?"1

"You should come with me to the library, I want to ask you some things," Hermione said, glancing over almost nervously at Harry. 1

Elizabeth frowned, "You're nervous. Are you going to interview me?"6

"Something like that," Hermione admitted. "And it's also been too long since we've talked and I have so much I need to tell you."122

Elizabeth nodded, letting Hermione lead her to the library but not before saying a quick bye to Padma. It had been a while since Elizabeth had stepped into the library, something that her inner bookworm despised. 3

"It's so refreshing to be in here again," Elizabeth admitted quietly to Hermione. "It smells like home." She looked up, staring at the towering bookshelves. "Were they always that tall?"17

Hermione laughed and dragged Elizabeth to a nice secluded table with chairs. She sat down and took out a piece of paper with jot notes written all over it.4

"Hermione," Elizabeth said, peering over Hermione's shoulder to look at the paper. "Did you write down all that you wanted to go over?" 2

"Yes, I just wanted to be sure we covered everything. Sit down, we might be here a while," Hermione smiled. Her finger ran over the first point and she looked up to make direct eye contact with her friend. "First topic – Harry." 249

Elizabeth groaned and rubbed her eyes like she was tired. She wondered if she could pretend that she was tired so she could avoid the conversation.1

"Elizabeth, don't you dare think that you can pretend that you're tired," Hermione said. Elizabeth sighed, Hermione knew her too well. She dropped her hands and put on her business face. Hermione took this as a sign to continue, "He really cares about you and has been begging me to find out what you like and don't like in a guy."195

 "This is ridiculous," Elizabeth scanned her eyes for a possible distraction from the oncoming topic. She spotted one, much to her delight. It was no one but Viktor Krum, the tall and handsome Bulgarian looking slightly lost in the library. 85

Hermione went on talking about how Harry has been begging and pleading, but stopped dead in her tracks when she realized that Elizabeth wasn't paying attention. Her eyes noticed Viktor, too, and she suddenly felt nervous. +

Viktor was walking towards them with a look of pure determination. The determination look fell as soon as he got to the table. "I need to talk to you, Hermy-own-ninny."380

Elizabeth glanced between the two before clearing her throat and standing up, "I'll let you two get to it."55

"No, you can stay," Hermione said, before turning her attention fully on to Viktor, "I have to talk to her about a guy who's practically in love with her."9

Viktor nodded his head in understanding before asking, "Vill you go to the ball with me?"178

Elizabeth and Hermione mirrored faces of shock. Hermione snapped out of it first and nodded her head vigorously, "Yes! I would love to."36

 Viktor grinned and bended over to engulf Hermione in a hug. It was an awkward hug, mainly because Hermione was still sitting so her head during the hug was right near his crouch area. Elizabeth tore her eyes away before she could be scarred with bad images and admired the ceiling tiles above her. 278

"Goodbye Hermy-own-ninny, good luck talking to her about Harry," She heard Viktor say. 263

"How do you know who she was going to talk to me about?" Elizabeth asked, turning her attention to the Bulgarian. 1

He shrugged, "Doesn't everyone know?" With that, he left, leaving behind a frustrated Elizabeth.107

Hermione grinned, "Back to the original topic..."21

ϟϟϟ24

Hours later, an exhausted Elizabeth was trudging up the stairs to the Ravenclaw tower. Despite her best efforts to resist, Hermione managed to get it drilled into her brain that Harry genuinely loves and cares for her. Hermione even managed to get a small list out of her on what she would be her dream boyfriend (Hermione claimed that Harry was beyond capable of filling out that list perfectly). 231

Elizabeth remembered what she had said, word for word, after feeling too exhausted to ignore Hermione's attempts at filling her empty paper anymore. "I just want somebody who is interested in a healthy and happy long time relationship. I really don't want another boy who will be scared off by Draco, and I certainly don't want someone who will turn out to be a giant... boy's body part... after we break up." Hermione had nodded with a smile before writing it down with a quill. She had dismissed Elizabeth with her hand, not even bothering to say 'your torture is done' or 'goodbye'.175

Elizabeth knocked the handle twice, waking the eagle handle up.1

"What creature walks on four legs in the morning, two legs in the afternoon, and three legs in the evening?" It's ghostly voice riddled.507

"Man," Elizabeth said instantly, not even bothering to think it over.325

"Welcome home," The door opened with a slight creak of the hinges.19

Elizabeth stepped in, only to come face-to-face with an angry Padma.1

"Why were you out so late? You could've gotten into trouble!" Padma scolded.21

"I was being interrogated by Hermione in the library," Elizabeth replied. "It took a lot longer than she originally thought."1

Padma stared at her in disbelief, "You were in the library since after dinner? What in the world was the interrogation about?"1

"The first and only topic we got to was about Harry," She said. 3

Padma yet again patted Elizabeth sympathetically on the back but didn't say another word out loud on the topic. "It's late, we should go to bed." 1

Elizabeth tiredly nodded, "And read for another hour or two before falling asleep, sounds good."147

Padma grinned, "Sounds perfect, actually."9

"Why do they always have to travel in packs?" Harry asked, frustratedly. "How are you supposed to get one alone to ask them..."215

"Blimey, Harry, you slayed dragons. If you can't get a date who can?" Ron shook his head.48

The two of them were watching small crowds of girls walking past, giving them icy looks as they walked by. 1

"I think I'd take the dragon right now," Harry sighed.9

"Why don't you just ask Elizabeth? You've never been afraid of asking her before," Ron pointed out before stopping and thinking about it for a moment. "Do you no longer like her anymore?" Ron's words held so much hope that Harry almost felt guilt that it wasn't the case at all.56

"No... Hermione suggested that I try letting her do her own thing for a few days and not try to approach her," He frowned. "I don't like it... I haven't talked to Lizabeth in so long."75

"She'll come around, you're the Chosen One, she'd be crazy not to," Ron tried cheering him up. "You'll ask her to the dance in a few days and she will ecstatically say yes. You will have an amazing time at the dance and will share a kiss and will do everything that your heart desires." 331

"You think so?" 10

 "I know so."181

ϟϟϟ31

Elizabeth was scurrying to her Astronomy class. She wanted to get their early before the crowds came, and before Anthony Goldstein could take her spot. He had a crush on Padma, and had a nasty habit of stealing Elizabeth's spot despite her protests of "friends don't take friend's spots". 49

She was just about to go under the bridge before the tower when something hit her on the head. She slid on an ice patch to a stop, looking around for what landed on her head. She touched where it landed to find it wet. 4

Assuming it was just Seamus and Dean throwing snowballs at her, she went to continue when another one landed right in front of her, keeping its shape. Elizabeth picked it up with cold hands and realized that it was in the shape of a question mark.13

"What in the world..." Elizabeth murmured. 5

"I was wondering when you'd stop," someone said from atop of the bridge. She looked up, finding George, and wondering how did he get up there. "What's the hurry, Ickle Liz?"246

"Trying to get to class," Elizabeth said, showing him her books. "What are you doing, George? Are you planning on raining snowballs on top of everyone who is trying to get to Astronomy?"+

"Aw, don't sound so disappointed, Liz," She could practically hear the frown crossing George's face. "The rain of snowballs was just for you."8

"I'm honoured," Elizabeth said, letting the sarcasm lace her words. 1

"Always a pleasure honouring you," George said, before jumping off the bridge top and landing in a nearby snowbank. "I had a question for you."401

Elizabeth realized he was going to ask it one way or another so replied, "Make it quick."3

"Will you go to the Yule Ball with me?" He asked while stepping out of the snowbank.776

She narrowed her eyes, partly in disbelief that he would ask her, and partly thinking it was a joke.4

"In all honesty, I just want to see Harry's reaction when he finds out that you're going with someone that's not him," George admitted, brushing his shoulders off of any remaining snow. 376

"You're cruel," Elizabeth retorted. 1

"If I wasn't, you'd have to admit that you would like me if it wasn't for me and my brother's pranks," He pointed out.47

Elizabeth shuffled her books, considering her options. She could wait for somebody else to ask her, but that option was doubtful due to Draco's influence. She could go with Harry, but she didn't have it in her heart to go up to him and talk to him yet. Besides, he had stopped trying to approach her and she doubted that he still liked her. She could go with George, so at least she'd have a date and one who could make the dance fun if it began to go downhill.24

She held one of her hands out, for George to shake, "Deal."147

"A handshake, not exactly what I'd expect as a response from my date to the Yule Ball," George remarked.1

"You were expecting a no?" Elizabeth asked, finding herself trying to joke with him like she does with the Slytherins.6

 "I think that Malfoy and his goons have influenced you too much," He commented with a slight smile. "Get to class."126

She grinned at him before walking past him to get to the Astronomy tower. She held that same grin as she sat down, and even when her fellow classmates began filing in.1

"What's got you so happy?" Padma asked when she sat down.1

"I've got a date," Elizabeth said, "and he isn't afraid of Draco." Feeling Padma's somewhat sadness, she glanced towards Anthony who was staring longfully in their direction, "And by the looks of it, you'll have a date soon, too."10

Padma followed her gaze and shook her head, "Anthony? He doesn't have the guts. He's been looking at me like that since the start of this year but hasn't brought up anything when we've talked except for books." She nudged Elizabeth with her elbow, "So, who's the lucky guy? Harry? Draco? Blaise?"26

"Why would Draco even be on that list? We might as well be siblings!" Elizabeth laughed, shaking her head. "No, no, and no. I'm going with George. He asked me while I was trying to get here."33

"George?" Padma looked startled, "I thought you didn't like him. You even said it in first year that him and his twin 'annoyed the hell out of you'."2

Elizabeth nodded, "I did say that. And they do. But George seemed sweet and honest when he asked me so I thought, 'why not give him a chance?'." The lie slid so easily off her tongue, she wondered if she really should've been considered for Slytherin. 133

"Good for you," Padma proudly smiled at her, like Elizabeth had made some great achievement. It would've made Elizabeth feel proud too; if it wasn't entirely false.66

Elizabeth was walking down the steps of the astronomy tower after class. She had stayed behind to ask Professor Sinistra a couple of questions about the latest assignment. It turns out, all they had to do was find the planets in the sky and be able to tell where they were from a chosen location on the Hogwarts grounds.64

She let out a yawn, noting on how heavy her books seemed and how hard it was to keep her eyes open. Elizabeth decided it would be best if she ran the rest of the way. The adrenaline should hopefully keep her awake long enough to reach the Ravenclaw dormitories. With that motivation, she took off in a sprint, racing time down the stairs of the spiraling tower. She was out the tower in no time. She was high on adrenaline and giddy as she stepped out, only to find that the steps outside weren't entirely stable.13

Her arms spun around her like she was swimming, trying to regain balance on the icy surface. Her books went flying out of her arms and down the steps. Elizabeth gasped and skated downwards to grab them. Once she regained her composure, she turned on to the bridge.2

"Ah!" Elizabeth nearly screamed a force bumped into her, sending her tumbling to the ground. "It's too late to walk," she groaned.1

"Lizabeth!" Harry's voice brought her back from her grumbling. Her eyes shot up to meet his bright green ones. "I've been looking for you!" He gave a quirky smile, "Need help getting up?"284

Elizabeth shook her head, her gingerish hair hitting the sides of her face as she did so. She stood up in one quick movement and smoothed her robes out with her unoccupied hand.43

"I'd feel bad if I didn't warn you... So, be careful on the stairs. They're a bit icey," Elizabeth shivered.50

"Ok thanks, is that why you're all wet?" Harry replied. He looked like he was going to stop, but his mouth just kept going, "I mean... I'm sure that I could make you wetter but that's the wettest I've ever seen you yet."1.8K

Elizabeth stared for a moment in disgust and slight shock. Harry hadn't made a comment like that since October. "Um... You said you were looking for me?"7

"Oh yeah! I was just wondering if you wanted to go to the ball with me." Harry's eyes were glittering with hope, his smile shining like the stars above.280

"Harry... Somebody has already asked me and I said yes. I'm sorry," Elizabeth said, feeling as if her words were knives digging into his back.194

"Ok. Great. Fine. No problem. Good," Harry brushed it off. He turned away from Elizabeth and she swore that she saw a single, delicate tear run down his left cheek. He took off, back across the bridge and Elizabeth couldn't help but feel like she broke his heart.975

ϟϟϟ225

It was spare period the next day and Elizabeth was lounging on one of the benches outside. The soft breeze and light snowfall caused her to lull, her head resting on Draco's shoulder.5

"If you fall asleep, you'll get frostbite," Draco whispered to her.2

"I won't," Elizabeth murmured, "you'll keep me warm."188

Draco sighed, and she assumed that he shook his head, too. Soon, one of his arms were draped around her and she sighed happily. She was just beginning to drift off into sleep when there was sudden screaming.5

Elizabeth jolted upright, looking side to side for the cause.+

"What the hell was that?" She asked.+

Draco was wearing a sly grin and chuckled, "Weaselbee just asked Fleur Delacour out."127

She gave him an odd look, "How does that explain the screaming?"+

"He screamed it at her," He shrugged like it was obvious.7

Her mouth hung open and she couldn't help but let her laughter escape. "He... screamed... asking her out?"48

Draco nodded, smiling at her laughter. She laughed for a few more moments before he rubbed her shoulders. "We should go inside. We've been lollygagging for too long."103

"Since when did you use big fancy words?" Elizabeth asked, nudging him with her elbow.+

"Ever since I got a date to the Yule Ball," He replied gleefully.+

"You got a date and you didn't tell me?" She put her hand over her heart, feigning hurt. "Who is it?"52

"No one you'd know," Draco dismissed, waving his hand like he was batting away a fly.1

"I don't care if I don't know who it is, I just want a name!" Elizabeth begged, being sure to give Draco her best puppy eyes. She pulled the same wide-eye and sad look that she used to whenever she wanted a cinnamon roll at the Malfoy's house when they were supposed to be only for important visitors. Draco used to give in every time. The Malfoy dinner parties lacked cinnamon rolls because of it.59

Draco turned away from her, trying to resist the urge to give in to her wide puppy eyes. Elizabeth paused her puppy eyes for a moment. "Wait... Are you not telling me because it's Pansy?"50

She had never seen Draco shake his head so fast. His eyes were huge and his teeth clattered in trauma. "Why would you even suggest that? She's more clingy than you."41

Elizabeth rolled her eyes, "Then tell me who it is! Or else I'll tell everyone that you're going with Pansy, and then even Pansy will believe it so you'll have to deal with the awkwardness of her hanging on to your shoulder all night while you try to dance with your actual date!"+

Draco sighed before mumbling something that sounded like, "Lacey David."90

"Lacey David? Pardon?" Elizabeth tried picturing ever hearing that name during her years at Hogwarts but came up with a blank.1

"I'm going with Tracey Davis," Draco clarified, speaking louder.136

Elizabeth couldn't help herself and pulled Draco into a side hug that made him feel claustrophobic. "Draco's got a date that's not Pansy! I am so proud of you! Have you mailed your parents about it yet? If you haven't, can I? This is so exciting!"14

"Calm down, Lizzie," Draco rolled his eyes, "it's not like you can be surprised that I can get a date. I happen to be known as the ladies' man in the Slytherin house."135

Elizabeth narrowed her eyes, letting go of the hug instantly. "And how many ladies have you been with?" Silence followed causing her to laugh.11

"Hold on, I'm counting!" Draco burst out, his head bobbing with each number he counted in his head.58

"It doesn't take that long to count to zero," Elizabeth shook her head. She tugged him with her off of the bench before nodding, "Come on, we should go inside."249

They began walking, side by side, towards one of the many doors that led inside. It was a long and peaceful walk, the silence only being interrupted when Draco went on a random short rant. Well, they weren't all that random, mainly because Draco only ranted about three topics: muggles, blood-traitors, and Harry Potter.44

"He always thinks he can best me, I swear, if his ego got any bigger I'd have to call him The Chosen Ego," Draco ranted before cringing, "I need better nicknames."77

"You do," Elizabeth agreed. "I mean, you still call me Lizzie for Merlin's sake."63

She could practically imagine Draco's scowl that was spreading across his pale face at her remark. But, surprisingly, he didn't retort. Just kept walking.8

Hogwarts was in chaos. Not the kind of chaos you're probably thinking of with battles taking place, buildings being destroyed, and beloved characters dying. No - this chaos was the pre-dance Chaos. It was the day before Christmas Eve, and all those dateless were scurrying the castle recklessly trying to find someone who wasn't going with anyone.124

Elizabeth and Padma were sitting on the recliners by the Ravenclaw fireplace, observing people frantically running around trying to find a date. 1

"Has Anthony asked you yet?" Elizabeth asked, spotting the blonde boy sitting calmly at one of the tables.+

"No," Padma sighed. "I've denied every boy who has asked me in hopes that he would, but he hasn't. I told you he didn't like me."30

Elizabeth frowned, she was friends with Anthony and lately every time they had talked, Anthony was gushing over (if boys could gush) Padma. Elizabeth had told him multiple times that Padma feels the same back, but he doubts it. Just as she doubts that he likes her, too. 7

"I'll go talk to him," Elizabeth stated, swinging her legs out of the recliner so it didn't kick the footrest back in. She got up and was making her way over to him, but she was beaten by some red haired third year. 15

She vaguely heard the girl ask him a question about the Yule Ball and him nod and smile, him mentioning something about, "I'd love to. I'll see you there."44

Elizabeth played the line over and mentally cursed. The girl had asked him to escort her to the ball, and he said yes. +

The red haired girl squealed and ran off to tell her friends, leaving Elizabeth in his line of sight. "Hey Elizabeth!" He greeted.+

"Anthony, what the hell?" Elizabeth said before she could filter her words.+

Anthony blinked, taken back by her outburst. "What?"+

"You like Padma, she likes you. Why didn't you ask her?" Elizabeth interrogated, beyond frustrated with this whole ordeal.+

"She doesn't," Anthony said. "And besides, you know how shy I get."39

Elizabeth sighed, "She does. You two are so frustrating, why can't you guys get together already? Have you seen the way she looks at you? It has the same longing in it that you have when you look at her."41

"If she has longing in her eyes when she sees me, then you have longing in your eyes when you see Potter," Anthony dismissed. 77

"Are you saying that I like Harry?" Elizabeth asked.2

"Not directly, no. But you did agree to go to the ball with... Fred? George? One of the Weasleys anyway, and his reason for asking you was to see Harry's reaction and you agreed to go with him. That says something."21

"How did you know that?" Elizabeth wondered out loud. She figured that there was no point in denying it, Anthony tends to know exactly when people are lying. Anthony's response to the question was tapping his head, like it was the only answer needed in the entire world. "And you do realize by saying that you are saying that if I like Harry, then Padma most definitely likes you, right?" 31

He shrugged. "Possibly. I guess we'll see, won't we?" +

Elizabeth rolled her eyes and walked back to Padma. She grabbed her friend's arm and pulled her up, "C'mon, we're finding you a date."5

ϟϟϟ1

"I feel ridiculous," Padma fidgeted with her hair as Elizabeth guided her towards the Great Hall. "Everyone has a date by now, except for me."+

"Merlin, Padma, have some faith in your love life," Elizabeth said. She pushed one of the doors open with her unoccupied hand and dragged Padma in with the other. "Look! There's Ron and Harry talking to your sister!" +

Parvati, hearing the two enter, waved them frantically over. Ron noticed her waving and turned to Padma.+

"Will you go to the ball with me?" Ron asked Padma. +

Padma grinned, "That'd be nice. Thank you, Ron."85

Elizabeth looked back and forth between the two, there were no sparks or signs of affection for each other. She guessed that's what she should expect from last minute dates.+

There was a few minutes of awkward silence, broken only when Harry cleared his throat and signalled Ron to leave. The two Gryffindor's left without another word. 55

"That was odd," Padma commented. "That's the first time I've witnessed Harry not try to talk to you, Elizabeth."53

Elizabeth looked over her shoulder to witness the pair leaving the hall while whispering to each other. It was odd, but not entirely unwelcome. +

"I heard Hermione lecturing him a week or so ago about giving you space," Parvati explained. "But, on to more important news... We have all got dates!"4

"Remember that we're meeting in the first floor's lavatory," Padma said. "Right after dinner. That should give us enough time to get ready."15

"If by getting ready you mean to turn into princesses, I think you're right," Elizabeth grinned. +

The three girls all exchanged excited smiles. They couldn't wait to play dress up.62

Elizabeth stood in front of the bathroom mirror, spinning and admiring her dress. It was a soft lilac colour with sides that flowed out away from the lean main piece. Her hair was curled into soft waves and she felt like she came straight out of a Disney movie.500

The Patil twins joined her on either side, their traditional Indian dresses opposite colours of each other.201

"Don't we all just look fabulous?" Elizabeth grinned, mentally taking images of how they all looked.1

"I can't wait," Padma gushed, "Is it too early to go down yet?"4

"I don't see why not," Parvati said. She checked the old clock that hung crookedly on the wall. "If it starts at eight we'll be right on time."+

The girls agreed to go and headed out of the bathroom, but not before saying goodbye to the ghost that occupied it. It was a short walk down the hallway that consisted of wondering out loud what it'll look like and predicting who is going with who.27

"I heard that Neville was taking Ginny," Parvati gossiped. "He asked her right after he got rejected by Hermione, apparently Hermione was already going with somebody."57

"Who is Hermione going with?" Padma asked, glancing over towards Elizabeth. "Elizabeth, your friends with her. Was it an excuse not to go with Neville or did she actually already have a date?"3

"She had a date," Elizabeth confirmed. "I can't say who, but you'll find out soon enough."+

"Great, something to look forward to while I dance with Ron," Padma said rather sarcastically.67

They made it to the Great Hall doors just as Professor McGonagall was calling over the champions' and their partners.+

"She's coming, just wait a moment longer," Elizabeth heard Harry say to McGonagall. McGonagall was about to say something else but Hermione (who was linked arms with Viktor) nudged him and gestured towards where the three newcomers were. Harry's eyes followed her gesture and they drifted from Parvati to Elizabeth. His eyes went wide and his jaw dropped a little bit, and Elizabeth could've sworn he mouthed 'wow'.158

"Hi there, Liz!" a cheerful voice interrupted whatever trance she was in. Elizabeth turned her head to meet George's happy gaze. He looked her up and down, "You look like one of the dolls that Ginny used to play with."353

Elizabeth tilted her head, not sure what to make of his comment. "Thanks... I guess?"1

He grinned and offered her his arm, "Shall we line up, m'lady?"161

Elizabeth accepted his offering and the two entered the Great Hall with everyone else. Everyone except the champions made a circle around the edges of the hall, giving the champions enough room to dance with their partners.1

Fleur and her date, a fellow Ravenclaw by the name of Roger Davies, swooped gracefully around the floor, his eyes never leaving her. Cedric spun Cho, his girlfriend, around in small elegant circles. Viktor and Hermione danced together like they were meant for each other, him lifting her up like she was as light as a feather. Then, there was Harry and Parvati... Elizabeth had never seen a dance that was so awkward. His hands were practically hovering over her and their steps together were sloppy.178

"I think Harry should've been the one to practice with McGonagall and not Ron," George commented. Elizabeth had no idea what he was talking about, it must've been some Gryffindor only event. She looked at him questionably, her mouth pinching together. "Oh right, you weren't there. McGonagall volunteered Ron to dance with her and put his hand on her waist. He was all 'where'?" George imitated Ron, making a face that Elizabeth had spotted plenty of times when the Great Hall ran out of brownies.56

Elizabeth laughed, "Now if I ever hear him say 'where' I'll think of that image. Did he step on her toes at all? Was he leaning away?"+

"He was leaning away as if she was a nose-biting teacup," George said. He thought for a moment before adding, "Speaking of which... Fred and I added some cups to the table. Would you like a drink?"56

Elizabeth shook her head. She would rather not get her nose bitten off and turn up like You-Know-Who, or at least the pictures she's seen of him.185

The audience surrounding them began to clap, making Elizabeth realize that the first dance was over.+

Another song began playing and George bowed goofily before her. "Would the lady care to dance?"42

"The lady would love to," Elizabeth accepted his hand and he led the way on to the floor. His other hand went for her waist and the two began swirling around like professionals. "I half expected you to do terrible dance moves."34

"Oh?" George raised an eyebrow at her. "Like... This?" He took his hands back from her, paused for a moment in thought, and then began popping his elbows out away from him in ridiculous movements. The couples that were dancing around them had to shuffle over to avoid getting hit.101

Elizabeth covered her mouth with her hand, avoiding laughing at such a formal ball. "Yes, like that."2

Elizabeth joined in his terrible dancing, doing her variation of 'raise the roof', being sure to bounce a little bit, too. Their dance didn't fit in with the slow and beautiful music that was playing, causing passersby to give them weird looks. If Elizabeth wasn't having so much fun, she might've cared.260

They danced like that, with a few traditional dancing mixed in, until the Weird Sisters came out.15

"I'm going to go find Fred, if that's alright with you," George shouted to her over the booming rock music. "I don't trust him too long alone with Angelina. For all we know they could be doing the deed."207

"The deed?" Elizabeth questioned, but shrugged, deciding it was better not to know. "Go ahead, I'll go find Hermione or Padma."263

George grinned before pushing his way out of the crowd. Elizabeth followed suit, figuring it would be easier to spot her friends if she could actually see above people. She made it out of the crowd to spot Viktor leaving Hermione to go get drinks.+

"Hermione!" Elizabeth yelled. She ran to meet up with her friend, "You look stunning! I love what you've done with your hair!"+

"Thank you, Elizabeth," Hermione smiled. "I love your dress, it suits you."12

Elizabeth grinned before pulling her into a hug. "I forgot to say this earlier but I am so proud of you for getting a boyfriend. Especially one as attractive and mysterious as Viktor."49

Hermione hugged her back, "Thank you. I'm having a great time with him. Hey, I think I see Ron and Harry with their dates. Want to invite them?"Elizabeth let go of the hug and shrugged. "I suppose. I haven't seen either of them dance with their dates since the first dance."+

"Me, too. The whole point of a dance is to dance," Hermione nodded. She led the way over to the group that all looked equally miserable.15

"Hot isn't it?" Hermione commented once they got there. "Viktor's gone to get drinks. Care to join us?"12

Harry opened his mouth to respond but Ron beat him to it. "No, we'd NOT care to join you and Viktor."117

Elizabeth's mouth opened in shock.3

"What's got your wand in a knot?" Hermione voiced Elizabeth's question.49

"He's a Durmstrang. You're fraternising with the enemy," Ron accused.44

Harry was kicking himself all last night and into the following morning. He had went against Hermione's instructions, and they probably wouldn't even work now. He kissed Elizabeth! Ron, despite his grumpiness, congratulated Harry. (So did Krum. And George. And a few faces with names he did not recognize). 163

It was breakfast time and he could barely eat his porridge. He spent most of the time spinning it around in his bowl with his spoon. 1

"Harry, are you even listening?" Hermione asked him. +

"He's too busy worrying about what his precious 'Lizabeth' thinks of him now," George said, only half teasing. "You kissed her. You should be proud."6

"I still can't believe you kissed her," Ron shook his head with a smile clear as day on his face. "Nice job, by the way." He extended his arm for Harry to give him a highfive.6

"Not nice job," Hermione cut in before Harry could even lift his hand. Ron dropped his arm down in confusion. "Malfoy and that Davis girl was asking what happened. When he finds out he will hex you into next week!"28

"No one would tell on Harry, he's among friends here," Ron defended, reaching over the table to give Harry an awkward, far-away pat on the back. 18

"At the Yule Ball you weren't among friends," Ginny pointed out. The trio turned to her and stared until she continued. "There were plenty of people who could've seen what happened or even heard about it from someone who was impressed by Harry finally making a move."94

Harry was unsure of how to respond. He hadn't really thought about any of this when he did it. Merlin, he wasn't thinking anything at all. He really did need to get better at containing his emotions. 5

From across the hall, Harry noticed that Malfoy was standing up and leaving without his friends. Harry glanced towards the neighbouring Ravenclaw table to see that it was lacking a very important person.+

"Where's Elizabeth?" Harry asked while continuing to look up and down the table, just in case he missed her.19

"She never came down," Hermione replied. She frowned, "I saw Padma come down and grab two plates of food before leaving. Maybe she's too tired to get out of bed."1

"Or she's injured," Harry said nervously. "I saw Malfoy leave without his friends."57

In his anxious state of mind, he jumped from his seat and began briskly walking towards the exit of the Great Hall before anyone could protest. (They still did protest though, they just had to yell it).15

Ron sighed and shook his head at his leaving friend. He considered following Harry, but then looked down at his still full plate. He decided that he would follow after he finished eating. After all, how much trouble could Harry get into in the next ten minutes?318

ϟϟϟ15

At the pace Harry was walking, he made to the Grand Staircase in no time. He didn't hesitate to step on the first staircase he saw.1

The stairs shifted, sinking down like Harry was too heavy, before lifting up and twirling in the air. It was a well performed acrobatic act, if stairs could do acrobatics. They spun Harry around, making him hear many snide remarks from the portraits that lined the walls. He figured that they must be tired of the students being at school, this was the only year that most of the kids did not go home for Christmas.2

Finally, the stairs stopped lifting and stopped at the fifth floor. Harry stepped off and continued his fast walk down the corridor. He could walk the path to the Ravenclaw tower in his sleep. During his first and second years, he spent most of his free time trying to memorize where Elizabeth was at every hour of every day. Not that he was a stalker or anything.323

He was oblivious to his surroundings, so it came to no surprise that he ran into something. +

"Ah!" Harry exclaimed, rubbing his shoulder where he had collided. 2

"Potter," Draco's voice sneered at him. "I was wondering when you'd show up."117

"Feel blessed by my presence, Malfoy?" Harry snapped his head to glare at Draco, his green eyes narrowing and his mouth turning into a scowl.138

Draco flashed a sinister smile before pointing his hawthorn wood wand at Harry's neck.39

It rubbed against Harry's adam's apple as Draco began to speak. "Aren't you just a blighter? I don't take lightly to having filthy half-bloods like you getting close with my friends without permission."96

"Permission?" Harry raised his eyebrows in mock question. "Are you seriously saying that I need to ask permission to be with Elizabeth?" Harry grinned before continuing, casually ignoring the wand that was digging into his throat, "May I kiss Elizabeth? Oh... Don't answer that. In case you haven't heard, I already did."508

Draco couldn't decide whether to cringe in disgust or to hurt Harry as much as possible before he gets caught. He looked at the wand that was at Harry's throat and made his decision.5

He pulled his wand away, making Harry almost sigh with relief, before yelling a stream of hexes. "Engorgio Skullus! Densaugeo!" were just a few of them that were sent in glowing lights towards Harry.55

Harry struggled to get his wand out with the aching headache that shook through his head. He casted, "Protego!" The spell shielded him from the string of hexes that didn't seem to end. 9

Draco finally stopped, panting and out of breath. His wand was still pointed at Harry, who at this point in time felt like his head was going to explode and his front teeth were digging annoyingly into his bottom gums. 11

There was thumping of footsteps as Ron and Hermione ran to join Harry's side. +

"Malfoy! You bloody git!" Ron shouted, putting his arm in front of Harry, shielding him. "What is wrong with you?"2

Draco just shrugged, "Potter got what was coming to him. And he will get a whole lot more if he doesn't back off."91

"Like hell he will!" Ron yelled.4

"There's such a thing as free will, Harry can do whatever he pleases," Hermione scowled, even though inside her head was dying to say 'I told you so, Harry.'35

"Come on, let's get you to the hospital wing," Ron said, pulling Harry with him as he turned away.1

Draco glared at the leaving trio before whispering to himself, "So can I, mudblood." 138

A string of light jolted from Draco's wand, hitting the back of Harry's head. Harry would've fallen over if it wasn't for Ron gripping his arm.1

"Harry! You alright?" Ron asked worriedly as he noticed his friend was having trouble breathing and beginning to swell up. 29

"What's wrong with him?" Hermione asked worriedly. She glanced back to see a smirking Draco, but she didn't make out what spell he had casted.1

"Don't recognize it, mudblood? Here I thought you were the cleverest witch of your age," Draco taunted. "It's the Stinging Jinx. Takes hours to go away if treated. I can promise that Potter will get much worse if he bothers Elizabeth again."210

Draco watched the trio as they didn't retort back, Harry mainly not saying anything because of all the damage from the hexes.1

He grinned to himself in victory. That solves that. Elizabeth won't miss dealing with him.217

ϟϟϟ15

After arriving at the Hospital Wing and being treated by Madam Pomfrey, Harry lay barely awake on one of the egg white beds. Hermione and Ron were planning how to get back at Draco when he spoke up.10

"Don't do anything. It was my fault, I should've waited until Elizabeth came to me," Harry mumbled just loud enough for his friends to hear. 1

Ron gaped at him, "Are you sure you don't want us to---" 1

"Positive. Just leave it alone, just as I will leave Elizabeth alone," Harry said gloomily. 261

Hermione and Ron exchanged worried looks, Harry had never given up on anything. Ever. 21

But maybe, they thought hopefully, he knows something they don't.82

It had been a month. One whole blasted month! Elizabeth had never been this pissed off or heartbroken in her entire life. 111

Yes, in the past she might have wished for some solitude away from Harry. Yes, she may have enjoyed those moments when he was busy, off saving the school from whatever happened that year, a little too much. But now she was falling to pieces. 1

The morning after the Yule Ball, she was freaking out. She admitted that she liked Harry. Out loud. Padma had stared at her, eyes wide in shock, for a good few minutes before exclaiming that Elizabeth better explain herself before Padma forcefeeds her a truth serum. So Elizabeth did. And all Padma could do was ask if she was feeling alright or if she needed to visit Madame Pomfrey. (For the record, they did end up visiting Madame Pomfrey. After talking to the nurse, the nurse put her hand over her heart and said, "ah... young love" before shooing them away because she had "actual patients" to tend to).127

Elizabeth had tried to approach Harry during the month - she really did. She would go to the library and find him there researching something, and would offer to help. She would sit so she was across from where he sat with the Gryffindors in the Great Hall. She even made a point to sit beside him in Potions after Snape took the seating plan away. But he ignored her, like she was nothing more than a mosquito pestering him. 193

She had even gone so far as to rant to Draco about Harry avoiding her. Draco looked ashamed and she knew that something went on between him and Harry. After days of following him like a lost puppy (or a Pansy), he finally told her about the hexing. But he admitted that he didn't think that his hexes were enough for Harry to avoid her. She didn't either.71

And so there she was, a month after the Yule Ball, staring hopefully at her partner, Anthony, for Divination for news. 4

Anthony was staring intently into the tea, his blue eyes squinted to try to make out an image.1

"I see... A circle. With lines around it... A circle being crossed out?" Anthony narrated his thoughts. "No... Um..." He tipped the cup, taking its substance in from all angles. "Aha! It's a sun!" 21

"A sun?" Elizabeth asked to verify, flicking through her Unfogging the Future textbook. She reached the page with the sun and read, "The sun symbolizes great happiness. It could mean the granting of power, energy, success, or a new beginning."35

Anthony put the tea cup down, just for Elizabeth to pick it back up. 2

Elizabeth peered into the teacup and noticed that it was, indeed, a sun. This sight brought a smile to crack on her face, an action that she hadn't done in at least a week. 3

"I have never seen anyone so happy in Divination before," Anthony commented, noticing her wide grin. "Does this mean that you will be happy for Padma and I's relationship now?"4

Elizabeth patted his head thoughtfully, "I've been wanting to say this but have been too miserable to... You guys are cute together. And it's about darn time."49

Anthony smiled back at her. He was beyond glad to see a smile on her face. Being around Elizabeth with her in a bad mood was like being under a constant gray sky: always expecting a storm or for the clouds to blow away, but getting neither. 12

"Does this mean you'll stop pouting about your Chosen One?" Anthony joked.26

Elizabeth raised an eyebrow in question before she caught on, "Oh. Ha ha. You're absolutely hilarious, Anthony."4

"I know," Anthony said cheekily.4

The bell rang from outside in the bell towers, signalling the end of class.Elizabeth collected her book before throwing Anthony a wink, "Now you can go snog your girlfriend." She turned to leave only to notice a quill go flying past her. Anthony was laughing at her, and she joined in. It was nice to smile again. Why was she even upset in the first place?9

A boy with shaggy black hair and the greenest eyes she'd ever seen flashed in her mind. 3

Oh yeah.... Elizabeth groaned. She was going to kill him.112

ϟϟϟ6

Elizabeth threw a pebble into the lake, watching it skip across until it sunk, going under the dark water. She had never seen lake water so dark besides at Hogwarts, she supposed that's where it got the name of the 'Black Lake'.96

She bent over and picked up another pebble. Strangely, skipping rocks was stress relieving. She just imagined that every time the rock sunk it was her worries disappearing. She felt the pebble for a moment, admiring its smoothness, before chucking it with all her might into the lake water.30

"It skips more if you toss it lightly," she heard Luna in her lighthearted voice say from behind her.75

"I know," Elizabeth grimaced, "I just like watching it sink. Is that weird?" She grabbed a handful of pebbles and offered them to Luna. "Want to join me? It's oddly calming."2

Luna nodded excitedly, her platinum blonde hair bobbing with her head. She stepped forward and took a few and lightly tossed them in the water. 61

"Why do you think those platforms are out on the lake?" Elizabeth asked after she skipped a few rocks. There were these tall wooden platforms out on the lake that were barely visible from where they were standing.57

"The merpeople might be having company over," Luna said thoughtfully. 28

Elizabeth raised her free hand to shade her eyes from the sun. She stared over at the platforms and nodded her head, "I reckon you're right."1

"Oh, Professor Flitwick wanted to see you in his office," Luna remembered.257

Elizabeth dropped the pebbles in her hand. She wasn't in trouble, was she? She didn't think that she did anything bad, but maybe she accidentally took a book that she thought was hers but wasn't? She went pale at the thought.14

"Um... I guess I better go see him. Want to come with?"2

Luna shook her head, "I have classes again in a few minutes."1

Elizabeth was going to question why, if she had classes in a few minutes, she didn't have any books on her but decided against it. Luna always had a unique way of getting things done, getting her books to class might be included. 13

Elizabeth headed off to the Charm classroom to find it empty.1

"Professor? Are you in here?" 1

Elizabeth asked while knocking on the door that was open. 1

"Ah, yes," Professor Flitwick jumped up on to his chair. "Miss Reething, come in."2

Elizabeth stepped in and walked to where he sat, "Luna said you wanted to see me."1

"Yes, it's about a matter about the Second Task."258

"The Second Task? What about it?" Elizabeth racked her brain for what the second task was. She hadn't spoken to Harry, but she did overhear Fleur saying something about the golden egg from the first task had the message inside.1

"For the Second Task the Champions will be finding what important item was taken from them. The item this time around just happens to be a person, and you, Miss Reething, are Potter's important person," Professor Flitwick explained.185

"What?" Elizabeth blinked a few times, trying to digest the information. "What about Ron?"16

"It was a tie between you and Weasley, and Weasley when asked denied it. He suggested to go to you instead," Professor Flitwick answered.164

"I'm Harry's most important person?" Elizabeth still wasn't over that. She was rethinking killing him the next time she saw him. 21

"Yes. Now, for the task he'll have to save you from the Black Lake where you are tied up with the others. He has an hour, and if he fails the task the merpeople will bring you up later to safety," he continued to explain. He handed her some tea, "Drink this and you will go unconscious, only awakening when you surface from the water."107

Elizabeth accepted the tea. She took a sip and wondered if it had been tested before. She remembered the sinking pebbles and let her doubts sink with them as she continued to finish the tea. Her head went fuzzy, her vision blurring, and then it all went black.21

Harry looked doubtfully at the sloppy green plant life that was sitting on his palm. Nearby he heard the twins shouting and collecting bets from people. He was half tempted to join in and bet against him because this plant thing was his only hope.2

He turned to Neville for encouragement, "You're sure about this, Neville?"62

"Absolutely," Neville responded right away with a nod.2

"For an hour," Harry clarified.1

Neville hesitated for a moment before answering slowly, "Most likely..."1

"Most likely?" Now Harry was even more worried. What if Harry drowned while trying to get to his treasure? What if he didn't have enough time to get back to the surface? He really wished Hermione was here to go over the logistics with him.9

"Well, there is some debate among herbologists as to the effects of freshwater versus saltwater," Neville explained.19

"You're telling me this now? You must be joking," Harry shook his head. Now he was really worried. Maybe he could visit with Elizabeth before the task to cheer himself up... But then again she'd probably either tolerate him or kill him. He wasn't sure how she felt about him and him avoiding her.50

"I just wanted to help," Neville frowned. He took in Harry's straight posture and how his hands weren't hanging loosely at his sides like they normally do. "You seem a little tense, Harry."61

Harry once again stared down at the piece of green on his hand and replied sarcastically, "Do I?"77

He heard Dumbledore start introducing the task over a loudspeaker. His legs began to shake in nervousness and he gulped. This wasn't stressful at all.2

"Harry! My bet's on you!" Ron called from where he was sitting with Seamus and Dean on the stands.53

That's reassuring, Harry thought bitterly. Ron's going to lose money on me.37

Professor Mad-Eye was standing behind Harry, making his presence known when he instructed, "Put that in your mouth."128

If it were any other time Harry would've laughed at how inappropriate that sounded. Instead he did what was instructed, he lifted his palm up and scooped the gilliweed into his mouth.146

He gags, it was not going down right. It stung the back of his throat and he felt lightheaded.133

A cannon goes off, signalling the start of the task. Harry dimly is aware of the other champions diving into the water. He doubted that he could move with the choking feeling, but luckily he didn't have to. Because before he knew it, he was pushed in.14

At first, he sunk like a rock. He wasn't sure if he could move, but the choking feeling lessened until he felt like himself. He opened his eyes and noticed that his fingers were webbed together.1

Cool, he thought, admiring his duck-like hands.87

He remembered the task at hand and tried swimming. He was an okay swimmer before, but now he was a natural. Maybe it was because he was part fish or duck or whatever he was now.23

He flew out of the sea and into the air like a dolphin, earning cheers from the crowd. He grinned a sharp-toothed grin before heading on his way deeper into the lake.40

Harry swum among the fish, admiring their ability to move with only small fins to propel them forward. Most of them were shades of peach, orange, and yellow; warm colours for an otherwise dreary lake.2

He began to hear singing voices echoing through the water, similar ones to what were inside the egg. He must be getting close.2

Harry heard screams from somewhere near him and notices that Fleur is trapped in the arms of a grindyglow. A merperson swims over and releases her, but right after grabbed her arm and pulled her upwards.4

She's disqualified, Harry realized. What will happen to her treasure?14

He was suddenly beyond worried. What if it was something important? Like a person or a pet... Harry didn't want to imagine what would be the outcome of Hedwig being underwater for so long. With that newfound worrisome motivation, he swam as fast as he could to where the singing was.115

There, tied to the tail of a merpeople statue, were four people, eyes closed and deathly pale. Cho, a blonde girl from Beauxbatons, Hermione, and... he almost fainted at the sight of her asleep. How could someone look like an angel while underwater? He didn't know, but there was Elizabeth. Her strawberry blonde hair floating around her like a cloak in the wind.116

Harry lost track of what he was supposed to do, that is until Cedric comes by and releases Cho, taking her with him. Harry glanced between Elizabeth and the Beauxbatons girl worriedly, if Fleur wasn't there to save her then what will become of her?1

A shark with human legs comes rushing in, freeing Hermione. The shark, he guessed it was Viktor, nods at Harry, a silent notice that time was running out.22

Harry cut Elizabeth's rope that tied her by her ankle free, and loosens the blonde Beauxabatons' girls rope too. He grabbed them with both of his hands and began pulling them with him to the surface, using just his legs to propel him upwards.+

"You can only take one," a merperson hisses at him. Harry shakes his head defiantly, causing the merperson to pounce on him. The merperson pushes him down and all Harry can do is push Elizabeth and the blonde girl off towards the surface.31

He struggles to free his arms from the clawing merperson and reaches into his pocket for his wand. He really hoped the spell that was ringing through his mind worked.2

Elizabeth woke up just as her head reached above the sea, coughing up water from her lungs. Her throat felt burnt from all the salty water that ran through it. She glances around, noticing that the platforms were close by and that there is a little blonde girl beside her that is struggling to stay above the surface.29

Elizabeth offers her a hand with a smile, and the blonde girl accepts. Elizabeth swims them closer to the platforms so that they can be lifted up. A group of Beauxbatons girls help them up with worried creases on their foreheads as clear as day.2

They are handed towels and, despite having slept for who knows how long, Elizabeth feels tired. She sits down with the towel cocooned around her and watches the water for Harry.5

For a moment, the water is quiet. It was showing no signs of life or the struggle that was happening down below. But then, Harry flies out with a splash, landing on the deck right beside Elizabeth.25

"Harry!" Elizabeth and Dumbledore exclaimed at the same time.64

"Get him another towel," Barty Crouch, a Ministry official, ordered. Elizabeth picked up a towel from beside her and wrapped it around his shoulders without a second thought. All Harry could do was stare at her as he coughed.69

Fleur ran over to them with a grin shining on her face, "You saved her, even though she wasn't yours to save. My little sister!" She leans over and kisses Harry on the cheek, an action that causes Elizabeth to look away.5

Darn these feelings. Elizabeth thought.83

"Thank you!" Fleur continued before glancing towards where Elizabeth sat, "And you... you helped!"41

Elizabeth gave Fleur a short lived smile, before she was engulfed in a hug.201

"You'll have to thank Harry for saving you," Fleur said to Elizabeth before disappearing in her school's crowd.55

Harry stared at her for a while, the kind of stare that looks right into your soul, before saying, "You look beautiful when you're asleep, like Sleeping Beauty."188

"That is the first thing you say to me after a month?" Elizabeth asked. She bit her tongue at her response, he just saved her, his most prized treasure.4

"I didn't think you'd miss me that much," Harry said sheepishly, giving her a boyish smile that she swore could brighten her day any day.58

Elizabeth rolled her eyes before leaning over and planting a peck on his lips. "You're a twat, Harry."350

"I'll be your twat anyday," he replied happily, reaching his arm that was closest to her over her shoulder and pulling her into a side hug.232

"Attention! Attention!" Dumbledore announced over the loudspeaker. The crowds went silent. "The winner is.... Cedric Diggory!  For showing unique command of the bubble-head charm. The way I see it, Mr Potter would have finished first had it not been for his determination to rescue not only Miss Reething but the others as well. We've agreed to award him second place! For outstanding moral fibre!"19

Elizabeth patted Harry's back, "Hear that, Harry? You have outstanding moral fibre."3

Harry turned his head and grinned at her, a smile for only her to see. Elizabeth paused for a moment, considering her next action. Should she or shouldn't she... She decided that she should, so she used the hand that was on his back to carefully remove the towel that was wrapped around him before giving him one, big, solid push.174

He landed in the water with a surprised yelp. He surfaced not even a second later and looked at her quizzingly.1

"That's for ignoring me for a month, you git!" Elizabeth yelled. She stood up and waved good-bye to the boy with soaking black hair.48

"Wait!" Harry yelled back, swimming towards the dock. "Go out with me, Lizabeth?"133

She stared at him for a moment before grinning. Cheekily she replied, "If you can get Draco to agree, I'll see you at the Black Lake tomorrow for lunch."167

Harry laughed, get Draco to agree? To him? He couldn't see that guy letting anyone date Elizabeth after Seamus, especially him. But, if Draco did agree... Harry might as well make the date for his Elizabeth perfect, "Tonight at ten for a late night treat."84

"You've got yourself a deal, Potter."33

Harry was pacing outside of the Great Hall while Ron had grabbed some snacks and was watching his best friend pace. Back and forth, back and forth, back and forth...8

"You should go up to Malfoy and just say that you're planning on proposing to Elizabeth and she won't let you unless you get his blessing," Ron said while chewing a cracker thoughtfully.151

"He's not proposing, Ron," Hermione huffed.48

"Might as well be," Ron retorted. "He's been hung up over her for so long that I don't think he has plans on ever being interested in anyone else."40

"That's it! Tell Malfoy that you can't see yourself with anyone else and he'll give you permission because you won't hurt Elizabeth," Hermione proclaimed the idea.7

Ron rolled his eyes, "Blimey, Hermione, do you think Malfoy would agree to that? Malfoy would just disagree and let Harry be alone forever."41

"Well he's got to agree to something," Hermione stated, turning her attention to the Great Hall doors. "Oh! There's Malfoy!"6

Draco's silvery eyes took in the trio that was waiting outside of the doors for him. His gang of Slytherins were assembled behind him in a V-shape formation, one often found when ducks migrate.148

"Well if it isn't Potter. Such a shame that Dumbledore took pity on you and granted you second," Draco sneered.1

Harry sighed, "Look, Malfoy, I don't want to argue with you right now."1

Draco looked back to his gang, "Hear that, Potter isn't going to fight back!" His friends laughed evilly.58

Harry groaned. He really didn't want to have to snap back before asking for permission. "I just want to talk to you about Elizabeth. After that we can fight to your entire cruel heart's content."10

Draco raised an eyebrow, "And why would I talk to you about Elizabeth? I remember you backing off from that, Potter."19

"Yeah, well, in case you didn't realize, Elizabeth was sadder than a cat with a half-empty bowl of food because of that," Harry carefully said, placing his reasoning in a way that Draco might agree. "She's happy again, and agreed to go on a date with me." Draco scoffed and his gang fumbled with their robes to get their wand. Harry hurried to continue, "Last time you said that you don't take lightly to 'filthy half-bloods getting close with my friends without permission', so I'm asking for your permission."48

Draco looked Harry up and down, searching for any sign that he was lying. Draco knew that Harry's words held truth, Elizabeth had been sad the past month and didn't even beg him to get his mother to send some of the Malfoy manor's books over. She loved borrowing his family's books. And he knew that Harry liked her - a lot. He had the same look in his eye that Draco's father used to get when he looked at his mother. He thought was thinking it over for a long time, just standing there, surrounded by his friends.141

Blaise nudged his side before whispering, "Don't say no just because he's Potter. As much as I hate him, blood status and all, he makes Elizabeth happy."386

Draco nodded before clearing his throat and addressing Harry. "Alright, but just for Elizabeth's sake. If I hear one word about you hurting her or not treating her right..."54

"You have full permission to jinx me if that ever happens," Harry butted in, agreeing.11

Draco blinked, startled. "Um... Great. So it's done. You have permission, but this doesn't change the fact that we still dislike you and your Gryffindorks."178

"Gryffindorks?" Ron laughed with a cracker in his mouth. He coughed a few times before saying, "Yeah, whatever Malfoy."74

"Great. We'll get going then," Harry looked back to Hermione and Ron. The two stood up and joined Harry.1

Draco nodded slightly in farewell to the group before stalking away with his Slytherin gang.2

"I have never seen Malfoy act so formal," Hermione wrinkled her nose. "It's... odd."180

Harry and Ron nodded in agreement.1

"I should probably go get ready for my date with Elizabeth. How do you even get ready for a date?" Harry asked them.85

Ron shrugged, "Don't look at me, you have about as much experience as I do."25

Harry's eyes turned to Hermione in hope that her knowledge knows something about dates. After all, she was the one with a boyfriend, she probably knew something.1

But all he got was a shrug, "Viktor's more of a... physical person. He just watches and listens. Maybe try talking to her."175

Ron and Harry shared a look, holding back laughter. Because that was ever so helpful.1

"Wait, Harry, you mentioned that your date is past curfew... How are you planning on sneaking out?" Hermione asked.21

Harry's eyes went wide. He hadn't thought of that. He mentally went over all the possible ways that he could sneak out with Elizabeth.2

"Would the invisibility cloak be too much?" He wondered out loud.2

Hermione thought it over, "Well.. it would get you out of the castle. Just maybe avoid letting her fuss over it the entire time, that would not lead to a very good first date conversation."6

"Why not?" Ron asked. "It's cool! I'd talk about it it on a date if I owned one."1

"That, Ron, is why you're single."339

Elizabeth was sitting down by the Ravenclaw fireplace, her hands were trembling with nervousness. She had taken some extra grapes and strawberries from the table at supper time and they were currently in her carrying bag that she had wrapped around her. In a few minutes, she would leave for her date with Harry.126

Will it be awkward, so horrible that they have to agree to never see each other again? Elizabeth wondered worriedly. One of her hands clenched into a fist, her nails digging into her palm in an attempt to focus on anything else. Will he end up admitting that he just liked me because I used to always say no? That he only liked the chase?91

"Elizabeth, it'll be fine," Padma's voice chimed out from her spot sitting beside Anthony.1

"But what if it's not? What if we get caught and have to serve detention and during that detention we keep on blaming each other and it ends up in a huge fight and we---"36

"Shut up. You're going on a date with the boy who has been interested in you since you asked him and Ron if they've seen Neville's frog," Padma cut her off. "I can see you two married with kids who have ridiculously long names after people from your Hogwarts years."406

Anthony joined in, "I can see you two naming a child after Snape."826

Elizabeth wheezed with laughter, "Snape? As in the guy who terrifies children to the point where he's their Boggart? Yeah, right." Elizabeth covered her mouth with her hand to try and stop the escaping laughs. She checked the clock that hung over the fireplace, she was going to be late if she didn't leave now! She jumped up from her spot and took off through the door after saying, "Shoot, I gotta go. I'll talk to you guys in the morning!"96

Elizabeth rushed down the spiraling stairs that were just outside of the common room, leading down the tower. Once she reached the bottom, she checked both ways for Filch or Mrs. Norris. When she saw no sign of the caretaker or his cat, she began to creep down the hallway.1

"Is that Mrs. Potter I see, trying to sneak out?" a familiar voice said from beside her.379

Elizabeth stopped, looking like a deer caught in headlights. She glanced around for the source but only saw an empty hallway.34

That was weird... Wait... Mrs. Potter?19

"Harry, where are you?" Elizabeth asked to the thin air around her.1

Something grabbed her hand and she almost screamed, if it wasn't for another hand covering her mouth.34

"Don't scream, I brought an invisibility cloak so we wouldn't get caught," Harry's voice said before pulling her under the cloak with him. As soon as as she was under the cloak, she saw his bright smile. "Hi, Mrs. Potter."277

"Hi Harry," Elizabeth smiled before frowning, looking at the cloak that draped around them. "Where did you get an invisibility cloak from?"98

"I inherited it from my father," Harry explained, his smiling dropping a bit in mention of his deceased parents. "Um... Shall we head on our way?"35

Elizabeth nodded, "We'll be as quiet as mice."73

ϟϟϟ7

"I can't believe we made it," Elizabeth gasped. "Do you think Filch knew it was us?"14

Harry let out a breathless laugh, "I guess we'll find out tomorrow if we both get detentions, won't we?"11

Elizabeth gulped at the word. She had only gotten a detention once while she was at Hogwarts, and it was so horrid that she planned on keeping it at that number. While her and Harry were trying to leave the castle, they were talking about their favourite thing about Hogwarts. He had admitted that it was the place he felt most at home, and that the Weasley's house, the 'Burrow', came in close second. After his little confession Elizabeth teared up a little because of his home life (she made a mental rule to never house with muggles that were against magic) and she said that Harry would always be welcome in the Reething household. That caused them both to tear up, causing neither of them to pay attention to where they were going, and almost walk right into Mrs. Norris. The outcome of all that was not good - she may or may not have replied to Filch's yells out of guilt of almost stepping on his cat. Harry had shushed her and there was no one else in the entire school that calls her 'Lizabeth'.33

Harry clapped a hand on her shoulder, "Don't look so horrified on me. Detention with me can't be that bad, can it?"9

"It's detention," Elizabeth practically spelled it out for him, her horror showing through with how she said the word. "That is not a good thing to have, even if it is with good company."71

Harry smiled his goofy smile, replaying the her words where she mentions that he is good company. He plunked down on the grass and patted the spot beside him. Elizabeth sat down next to him and opened her carrying bag.1

"Grape?" Elizabeth asked, pulling out her container. Harry nodded and opened his mouth like he was going to say something but no words ever came out. Elizabeth raised an eyebrow before tossing one at him. It landed perfectly inside her target.79

"Beginner's luck," Harry chewed the grape, swallowing before opening again, "Try again."36

And so she did, and she got it in every time.41

Harry reached over and grabbed a strawberry. "Your turn." He didn't even give her time to open her mouth before it was chucked at her, hitting her lips before falling on to her lap.59

"Harry, you suck," Elizabeth laughed, picking the strawberry up and throwing it back at him.199

"Maybe you just suck at catching," Harry chuckled, picking the strawberry up and eating it himself.90

She rolled her eyes at him before looking over at the lake. If she thought it was dark during the day time, she defiantly thought it was a dark abyss during night time. The only signs that there was water there was the reflection of the stars shining on to it.6

"It's beautiful in a way," She admired, reaching for a pebble to toss in. Drip, drip, splash. The water was distorted from the pebble, giving off a blur of shades of yellow and orange blended in with the black lake.20

Harry remained silent as she skipped pebbles, trying to memorize the moment as much as he could. How her face was shadowed over in the dark but still would light up whenever she saw the stars distort in the water, how happy he felt just being with her.26

"Do you remember how I told you that if you 'dated me, even if it was for one day, I would be plenty more grateful than Seamus ever was'?" Harry asked, breaking Elizabeth's chain of pebble tossing.15

"Um... Yeah," She frowned. Bringing up an ex-boyfriend was an uncomfortable topic, especially on a first date.4

"It hasn't even been an hour and I've already broken the happiness meter." Harry admitted sheepishly. He leaned back so he was almost laying down and reached an arm to point out at the stars. "I think I see a constellation that looks like a heart."148

Elizabeth looked over at him, staring in disbelief.1

"Look up, Beauty. You can look at me everyday but you don't want to miss the sky saying that it likes us together."185

"And what if I don't look up?" Elizabeth challenged.6

Harry to look over at her with a mischievous glint in his eyes. Before she knew it, he had pulled her down so she was lying almost on top of him, her back on back resting on his chest. He wrapped an arm over her waist like a seat belt so she couldn't move and with his free arm he lifted on her arms up and traced the heart that was in the sky..347

"Do you see it?" Harry asked, tracing it over a dozen times.3

"I see it," Elizabeth said. She narrowed her eyes in concentration and tried to make other pictures in the sky. "I think I see a cat. Does that mean Mrs. Norris is mad at us?" She moved her arm to point to the cat-like shape created by the stars above.42

"Great, we have Mrs. Norris watching our date. Somehow that doesn't make me not want to kiss you."79

Elizabeth flicked him on the nose, "Shush and just admire the stars."1

"But I want to admire you," Harry whined, sitting up and taking her with him.139

She turned her head and grinned at him, "You'll have the rest of your life to admire me but you don't want to miss the sky above."302

It took Harry a moment to realize that she had rephrased his previous words. He smiled slightly and lifted a hand to stroke her cheek. "When you say that 'I'll have the rest of my life to admire you'..."1

"That means that I like you too much to let you disappear anytime soon," Elizabeth murmured, not believing the words were leaving her mouth.151

Harry just grinned at her and held her even closer. He rested his chin on the crook of her neck, looking out at the lake.3

"It sure is pretty at night... And it's even prettier when I'm with you."139

They spent the rest of the night painting pictures in the sky and talking about everything but nothing. 20

After that night, a part of each of them knew that no matter what happens in the future, whether it be something as dangerous as the Dark Lord or something as small as studying, they would have each other's backs. 144

___________________________________5

And that's how it works -that's how you got the girl. __________________________________1K

THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR READING THIS AND HOPEFULLY YOU LIKED IT. LOTS OF LOVE & LONG LIVE THE MAGIC,- Emily567

Harry looked doubtfully at the sloppy green plant life that was sitting on his palm. Nearby he heard the twins shouting and collecting bets from people. He was half tempted to join in and bet against him because this plant thing was his only hope.2

He turned to Neville for encouragement, "You're sure about this, Neville?"62

"Absolutely," Neville responded right away with a nod.2

"For an hour," Harry clarified.1

Neville hesitated for a moment before answering slowly, "Most likely..."1

"Most likely?" Now Harry was even more worried. What if Harry drowned while trying to get to his treasure? What if he didn't have enough time to get back to the surface? He really wished Hermione was here to go over the logistics with him.9

"Well, there is some debate among herbologists as to the effects of freshwater versus saltwater," Neville explained.19

"You're telling me this now? You must be joking," Harry shook his head. Now he was really worried. Maybe he could visit with Elizabeth before the task to cheer himself up... But then again she'd probably either tolerate him or kill him. He wasn't sure how she felt about him and him avoiding her.50

"I just wanted to help," Neville frowned. He took in Harry's straight posture and how his hands weren't hanging loosely at his sides like they normally do. "You seem a little tense, Harry."61

Harry once again stared down at the piece of green on his hand and replied sarcastically, "Do I?"77

He heard Dumbledore start introducing the task over a loudspeaker. His legs began to shake in nervousness and he gulped. This wasn't stressful at all.2

"Harry! My bet's on you!" Ron called from where he was sitting with Seamus and Dean on the stands.53

That's reassuring, Harry thought bitterly. Ron's going to lose money on me.37

Professor Mad-Eye was standing behind Harry, making his presence known when he instructed, "Put that in your mouth."128

If it were any other time Harry would've laughed at how inappropriate that sounded. Instead he did what was instructed, he lifted his palm up and scooped the gilliweed into his mouth.146

He gags, it was not going down right. It stung the back of his throat and he felt lightheaded.133

A cannon goes off, signalling the start of the task. Harry dimly is aware of the other champions diving into the water. He doubted that he could move with the choking feeling, but luckily he didn't have to. Because before he knew it, he was pushed in.14

At first, he sunk like a rock. He wasn't sure if he could move, but the choking feeling lessened until he felt like himself. He opened his eyes and noticed that his fingers were webbed together.1

Cool, he thought, admiring his duck-like hands.87

He remembered the task at hand and tried swimming. He was an okay swimmer before, but now he was a natural. Maybe it was because he was part fish or duck or whatever he was now.23

He flew out of the sea and into the air like a dolphin, earning cheers from the crowd. He grinned a sharp-toothed grin before heading on his way deeper into the lake.40

Harry swum among the fish, admiring their ability to move with only small fins to propel them forward. Most of them were shades of peach, orange, and yellow; warm colours for an otherwise dreary lake.2

He began to hear singing voices echoing through the water, similar ones to what were inside the egg. He must be getting close.2

Harry heard screams from somewhere near him and notices that Fleur is trapped in the arms of a grindyglow. A merperson swims over and releases her, but right after grabbed her arm and pulled her upwards.4

She's disqualified, Harry realized. What will happen to her treasure?14

He was suddenly beyond worried. What if it was something important? Like a person or a pet... Harry didn't want to imagine what would be the outcome of Hedwig being underwater for so long. With that newfound worrisome motivation, he swam as fast as he could to where the singing was.115

There, tied to the tail of a merpeople statue, were four people, eyes closed and deathly pale. Cho, a blonde girl from Beauxbatons, Hermione, and... he almost fainted at the sight of her asleep. How could someone look like an angel while underwater? He didn't know, but there was Elizabeth. Her strawberry blonde hair floating around her like a cloak in the wind.116

Harry lost track of what he was supposed to do, that is until Cedric comes by and releases Cho, taking her with him. Harry glanced between Elizabeth and the Beauxbatons girl worriedly, if Fleur wasn't there to save her then what will become of her?1

A shark with human legs comes rushing in, freeing Hermione. The shark, he guessed it was Viktor, nods at Harry, a silent notice that time was running out.22

Harry cut Elizabeth's rope that tied her by her ankle free, and loosens the blonde Beauxabatons' girls rope too. He grabbed them with both of his hands and began pulling them with him to the surface, using just his legs to propel him upwards.+

"You can only take one," a merperson hisses at him. Harry shakes his head defiantly, causing the merperson to pounce on him. The merperson pushes him down and all Harry can do is push Elizabeth and the blonde girl off towards the surface.31

He struggles to free his arms from the clawing merperson and reaches into his pocket for his wand. He really hoped the spell that was ringing through his mind worked.2

Elizabeth woke up just as her head reached above the sea, coughing up water from her lungs. Her throat felt burnt from all the salty water that ran through it. She glances around, noticing that the platforms were close by and that there is a little blonde girl beside her that is struggling to stay above the surface.29

Elizabeth offers her a hand with a smile, and the blonde girl accepts. Elizabeth swims them closer to the platforms so that they can be lifted up. A group of Beauxbatons girls help them up with worried creases on their foreheads as clear as day.2

They are handed towels and, despite having slept for who knows how long, Elizabeth feels tired. She sits down with the towel cocooned around her and watches the water for Harry.5

For a moment, the water is quiet. It was showing no signs of life or the struggle that was happening down below. But then, Harry flies out with a splash, landing on the deck right beside Elizabeth.25

"Harry!" Elizabeth and Dumbledore exclaimed at the same time.64

"Get him another towel," Barty Crouch, a Ministry official, ordered. Elizabeth picked up a towel from beside her and wrapped it around his shoulders without a second thought. All Harry could do was stare at her as he coughed.69

Fleur ran over to them with a grin shining on her face, "You saved her, even though she wasn't yours to save. My little sister!" She leans over and kisses Harry on the cheek, an action that causes Elizabeth to look away.5

Darn these feelings. Elizabeth thought.83

"Thank you!" Fleur continued before glancing towards where Elizabeth sat, "And you... you helped!"41

Elizabeth gave Fleur a short lived smile, before she was engulfed in a hug.201

"You'll have to thank Harry for saving you," Fleur said to Elizabeth before disappearing in her school's crowd.55

Harry stared at her for a while, the kind of stare that looks right into your soul, before saying, "You look beautiful when you're asleep, like Sleeping Beauty."188

"That is the first thing you say to me after a month?" Elizabeth asked. She bit her tongue at her response, he just saved her, his most prized treasure.4

"I didn't think you'd miss me that much," Harry said sheepishly, giving her a boyish smile that she swore could brighten her day any day.58

Elizabeth rolled her eyes before leaning over and planting a peck on his lips. "You're a twat, Harry."350

"I'll be your twat anyday," he replied happily, reaching his arm that was closest to her over her shoulder and pulling her into a side hug.232

"Attention! Attention!" Dumbledore announced over the loudspeaker. The crowds went silent. "The winner is.... Cedric Diggory!  For showing unique command of the bubble-head charm. The way I see it, Mr Potter would have finished first had it not been for his determination to rescue not only Miss Reething but the others as well. We've agreed to award him second place! For outstanding moral fibre!"19

Elizabeth patted Harry's back, "Hear that, Harry? You have outstanding moral fibre."3

Harry turned his head and grinned at her, a smile for only her to see. Elizabeth paused for a moment, considering her next action. Should she or shouldn't she... She decided that she should, so she used the hand that was on his back to carefully remove the towel that was wrapped around him before giving him one, big, solid push.174

He landed in the water with a surprised yelp. He surfaced not even a second later and looked at her quizzingly.1

"That's for ignoring me for a month, you git!" Elizabeth yelled. She stood up and waved good-bye to the boy with soaking black hair.48

"Wait!" Harry yelled back, swimming towards the dock. "Go out with me, Lizabeth?"133

She stared at him for a moment before grinning. Cheekily she replied, "If you can get Draco to agree, I'll see you at the Black Lake tomorrow for lunch."167

Harry laughed, get Draco to agree? To him? He couldn't see that guy letting anyone date Elizabeth after Seamus, especially him. But, if Draco did agree... Harry might as well make the date for his Elizabeth perfect, "Tonight at ten for a late night treat."84

"You've got yourself a deal, Potter."33

Harry was pacing outside of the Great Hall while Ron had grabbed some snacks and was watching his best friend pace. Back and forth, back and forth, back and forth...8

"You should go up to Malfoy and just say that you're planning on proposing to Elizabeth and she won't let you unless you get his blessing," Ron said while chewing a cracker thoughtfully.151

"He's not proposing, Ron," Hermione huffed.48

"Might as well be," Ron retorted. "He's been hung up over her for so long that I don't think he has plans on ever being interested in anyone else."40

"That's it! Tell Malfoy that you can't see yourself with anyone else and he'll give you permission because you won't hurt Elizabeth," Hermione proclaimed the idea.7

Ron rolled his eyes, "Blimey, Hermione, do you think Malfoy would agree to that? Malfoy would just disagree and let Harry be alone forever."41

"Well he's got to agree to something," Hermione stated, turning her attention to the Great Hall doors. "Oh! There's Malfoy!"6

Draco's silvery eyes took in the trio that was waiting outside of the doors for him. His gang of Slytherins were assembled behind him in a V-shape formation, one often found when ducks migrate.148

"Well if it isn't Potter. Such a shame that Dumbledore took pity on you and granted you second," Draco sneered.1

Harry sighed, "Look, Malfoy, I don't want to argue with you right now."1

Draco looked back to his gang, "Hear that, Potter isn't going to fight back!" His friends laughed evilly.58

Harry groaned. He really didn't want to have to snap back before asking for permission. "I just want to talk to you about Elizabeth. After that we can fight to your entire cruel heart's content."10

Draco raised an eyebrow, "And why would I talk to you about Elizabeth? I remember you backing off from that, Potter."19

"Yeah, well, in case you didn't realize, Elizabeth was sadder than a cat with a half-empty bowl of food because of that," Harry carefully said, placing his reasoning in a way that Draco might agree. "She's happy again, and agreed to go on a date with me." Draco scoffed and his gang fumbled with their robes to get their wand. Harry hurried to continue, "Last time you said that you don't take lightly to 'filthy half-bloods getting close with my friends without permission', so I'm asking for your permission."48

Draco looked Harry up and down, searching for any sign that he was lying. Draco knew that Harry's words held truth, Elizabeth had been sad the past month and didn't even beg him to get his mother to send some of the Malfoy manor's books over. She loved borrowing his family's books. And he knew that Harry liked her - a lot. He had the same look in his eye that Draco's father used to get when he looked at his mother. He thought was thinking it over for a long time, just standing there, surrounded by his friends.141

Blaise nudged his side before whispering, "Don't say no just because he's Potter. As much as I hate him, blood status and all, he makes Elizabeth happy."386

Draco nodded before clearing his throat and addressing Harry. "Alright, but just for Elizabeth's sake. If I hear one word about you hurting her or not treating her right..."54

"You have full permission to jinx me if that ever happens," Harry butted in, agreeing.11

Draco blinked, startled. "Um... Great. So it's done. You have permission, but this doesn't change the fact that we still dislike you and your Gryffindorks."178

"Gryffindorks?" Ron laughed with a cracker in his mouth. He coughed a few times before saying, "Yeah, whatever Malfoy."74

"Great. We'll get going then," Harry looked back to Hermione and Ron. The two stood up and joined Harry.1

Draco nodded slightly in farewell to the group before stalking away with his Slytherin gang.2

"I have never seen Malfoy act so formal," Hermione wrinkled her nose. "It's... odd."180

Harry and Ron nodded in agreement.1

"I should probably go get ready for my date with Elizabeth. How do you even get ready for a date?" Harry asked them.85

Ron shrugged, "Don't look at me, you have about as much experience as I do."25

Harry's eyes turned to Hermione in hope that her knowledge knows something about dates. After all, she was the one with a boyfriend, she probably knew something.1

But all he got was a shrug, "Viktor's more of a... physical person. He just watches and listens. Maybe try talking to her."175

Ron and Harry shared a look, holding back laughter. Because that was ever so helpful.1

"Wait, Harry, you mentioned that your date is past curfew... How are you planning on sneaking out?" Hermione asked.21

Harry's eyes went wide. He hadn't thought of that. He mentally went over all the possible ways that he could sneak out with Elizabeth.2

"Would the invisibility cloak be too much?" He wondered out loud.2

Hermione thought it over, "Well.. it would get you out of the castle. Just maybe avoid letting her fuss over it the entire time, that would not lead to a very good first date conversation."6

"Why not?" Ron asked. "It's cool! I'd talk about it it on a date if I owned one."1

"That, Ron, is why you're single."339

Elizabeth was sitting down by the Ravenclaw fireplace, her hands were trembling with nervousness. She had taken some extra grapes and strawberries from the table at supper time and they were currently in her carrying bag that she had wrapped around her. In a few minutes, she would leave for her date with Harry.126

Will it be awkward, so horrible that they have to agree to never see each other again? Elizabeth wondered worriedly. One of her hands clenched into a fist, her nails digging into her palm in an attempt to focus on anything else. Will he end up admitting that he just liked me because I used to always say no? That he only liked the chase?91

"Elizabeth, it'll be fine," Padma's voice chimed out from her spot sitting beside Anthony.1

"But what if it's not? What if we get caught and have to serve detention and during that detention we keep on blaming each other and it ends up in a huge fight and we---"36

"Shut up. You're going on a date with the boy who has been interested in you since you asked him and Ron if they've seen Neville's frog," Padma cut her off. "I can see you two married with kids who have ridiculously long names after people from your Hogwarts years."406

Anthony joined in, "I can see you two naming a child after Snape."826

Elizabeth wheezed with laughter, "Snape? As in the guy who terrifies children to the point where he's their Boggart? Yeah, right." Elizabeth covered her mouth with her hand to try and stop the escaping laughs. She checked the clock that hung over the fireplace, she was going to be late if she didn't leave now! She jumped up from her spot and took off through the door after saying, "Shoot, I gotta go. I'll talk to you guys in the morning!"96

Elizabeth rushed down the spiraling stairs that were just outside of the common room, leading down the tower. Once she reached the bottom, she checked both ways for Filch or Mrs. Norris. When she saw no sign of the caretaker or his cat, she began to creep down the hallway.1

"Is that Mrs. Potter I see, trying to sneak out?" a familiar voice said from beside her.379

Elizabeth stopped, looking like a deer caught in headlights. She glanced around for the source but only saw an empty hallway.34

That was weird... Wait... Mrs. Potter?19

"Harry, where are you?" Elizabeth asked to the thin air around her.1

Something grabbed her hand and she almost screamed, if it wasn't for another hand covering her mouth.34

"Don't scream, I brought an invisibility cloak so we wouldn't get caught," Harry's voice said before pulling her under the cloak with him. As soon as as she was under the cloak, she saw his bright smile. "Hi, Mrs. Potter."277

"Hi Harry," Elizabeth smiled before frowning, looking at the cloak that draped around them. "Where did you get an invisibility cloak from?"98

"I inherited it from my father," Harry explained, his smiling dropping a bit in mention of his deceased parents. "Um... Shall we head on our way?"35

Elizabeth nodded, "We'll be as quiet as mice."73

ϟϟϟ7

"I can't believe we made it," Elizabeth gasped. "Do you think Filch knew it was us?"14

Harry let out a breathless laugh, "I guess we'll find out tomorrow if we both get detentions, won't we?"11

Elizabeth gulped at the word. She had only gotten a detention once while she was at Hogwarts, and it was so horrid that she planned on keeping it at that number. While her and Harry were trying to leave the castle, they were talking about their favourite thing about Hogwarts. He had admitted that it was the place he felt most at home, and that the Weasley's house, the 'Burrow', came in close second. After his little confession Elizabeth teared up a little because of his home life (she made a mental rule to never house with muggles that were against magic) and she said that Harry would always be welcome in the Reething household. That caused them both to tear up, causing neither of them to pay attention to where they were going, and almost walk right into Mrs. Norris. The outcome of all that was not good - she may or may not have replied to Filch's yells out of guilt of almost stepping on his cat. Harry had shushed her and there was no one else in the entire school that calls her 'Lizabeth'.33

Harry clapped a hand on her shoulder, "Don't look so horrified on me. Detention with me can't be that bad, can it?"9

"It's detention," Elizabeth practically spelled it out for him, her horror showing through with how she said the word. "That is not a good thing to have, even if it is with good company."71

Harry smiled his goofy smile, replaying the her words where she mentions that he is good company. He plunked down on the grass and patted the spot beside him. Elizabeth sat down next to him and opened her carrying bag.1

"Grape?" Elizabeth asked, pulling out her container. Harry nodded and opened his mouth like he was going to say something but no words ever came out. Elizabeth raised an eyebrow before tossing one at him. It landed perfectly inside her target.79

"Beginner's luck," Harry chewed the grape, swallowing before opening again, "Try again."36

And so she did, and she got it in every time.41

Harry reached over and grabbed a strawberry. "Your turn." He didn't even give her time to open her mouth before it was chucked at her, hitting her lips before falling on to her lap.59

"Harry, you suck," Elizabeth laughed, picking the strawberry up and throwing it back at him.199

"Maybe you just suck at catching," Harry chuckled, picking the strawberry up and eating it himself.90

She rolled her eyes at him before looking over at the lake. If she thought it was dark during the day time, she defiantly thought it was a dark abyss during night time. The only signs that there was water there was the reflection of the stars shining on to it.6

"It's beautiful in a way," She admired, reaching for a pebble to toss in. Drip, drip, splash. The water was distorted from the pebble, giving off a blur of shades of yellow and orange blended in with the black lake.20

Harry remained silent as she skipped pebbles, trying to memorize the moment as much as he could. How her face was shadowed over in the dark but still would light up whenever she saw the stars distort in the water, how happy he felt just being with her.26

"Do you remember how I told you that if you 'dated me, even if it was for one day, I would be plenty more grateful than Seamus ever was'?" Harry asked, breaking Elizabeth's chain of pebble tossing.15

"Um... Yeah," She frowned. Bringing up an ex-boyfriend was an uncomfortable topic, especially on a first date.4

"It hasn't even been an hour and I've already broken the happiness meter." Harry admitted sheepishly. He leaned back so he was almost laying down and reached an arm to point out at the stars. "I think I see a constellation that looks like a heart."148

Elizabeth looked over at him, staring in disbelief.1

"Look up, Beauty. You can look at me everyday but you don't want to miss the sky saying that it likes us together."185

"And what if I don't look up?" Elizabeth challenged.6

Harry to look over at her with a mischievous glint in his eyes. Before she knew it, he had pulled her down so she was lying almost on top of him, her back on back resting on his chest. He wrapped an arm over her waist like a seat belt so she couldn't move and with his free arm he lifted on her arms up and traced the heart that was in the sky..347

"Do you see it?" Harry asked, tracing it over a dozen times.3

"I see it," Elizabeth said. She narrowed her eyes in concentration and tried to make other pictures in the sky. "I think I see a cat. Does that mean Mrs. Norris is mad at us?" She moved her arm to point to the cat-like shape created by the stars above.42

"Great, we have Mrs. Norris watching our date. Somehow that doesn't make me not want to kiss you."79

Elizabeth flicked him on the nose, "Shush and just admire the stars."1

"But I want to admire you," Harry whined, sitting up and taking her with him.139

She turned her head and grinned at him, "You'll have the rest of your life to admire me but you don't want to miss the sky above."302

It took Harry a moment to realize that she had rephrased his previous words. He smiled slightly and lifted a hand to stroke her cheek. "When you say that 'I'll have the rest of my life to admire you'..."1

"That means that I like you too much to let you disappear anytime soon," Elizabeth murmured, not believing the words were leaving her mouth.151

Harry just grinned at her and held her even closer. He rested his chin on the crook of her neck, looking out at the lake.3

"It sure is pretty at night... And it's even prettier when I'm with you."139

They spent the rest of the night painting pictures in the sky and talking about everything but nothing. 20

After that night, a part of each of them knew that no matter what happens in the future, whether it be something as dangerous as the Dark Lord or something as small as studying, they would have each other's backs. 144

___________________________________5

And that's how it works -that's how you got the girl. __________________________________1K

THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR READING THIS AND HOPEFULLY YOU LIKED IT. LOTS OF LOVE & LONG LIVE THE MAGIC,- Emily567





