BOOK 12.5K

In the end, she was a God.836

But here, in the beginning of everything, she was only ever a girl.142

The story of the Savior, the beginning of the life she had never asked for.148

And this is how the end begins.244

•20

{this is the first book. Sequel is titled 'The Last Verse.'}17

1

gasoline ; halseyYou can't wake up this is not a dream, your heart is a machine you are not a human being.336

everybody wants to rule the world ; lordeThere's a room where the light won't find you, holding hands while the walls come tumbling down. When they do I'll be right behind you.201

seven devils ; florence + the machineSeven Devils all around you, seven devils in your house, see I was dead when I woke up this morning, I'll be dead before the day is done.49

lost it to trying ; son luxWhat will we do now, we lost it to trying.18

oblivion ; bastilleWhen oblivion is calling out your name, you always take it further than I ever can.45

to build a home ; the cinematic orchestraThere is a house built out of stone. Wooden floors, walls and window sills. Tables and chairs worn by all of the dust. This is a place where I don't feel alone. This is a place where I feel at home.87

sweet disposition ; the temper trapA moment of love, a dream, a laugh, a kiss, a cry, our rights, our wrongs.12

hero ; regina spektorI'm the hero of the story, I don't need to be saved.11

once upon a dream ; lana del reyI know you, I walked with you once upon a dream.198

yellow flicker beat ; lordeI'm a princess cut from marble, smoother than a storm. The scars that mark my body, they're silver and gold. My blood is a flood of rubies, precious stones, it keeps my veins hot, the fire's found a home in me. I move through town, I'm quiet like a fight, and necklace is of rope, I tie it and untie.59

"Most have been forgotten. Most deserve to be forgotten. The heroes will always be remembered. The best. The best and the worst. And a few who were a bit of both."238

George R. R. Martin106

There was a war coming.3.1K

It slithered in beneath the windows and sills, a putrid fog of hate and fear and darkness. She smelled it in her room every time she dared try to fall asleep; it crept in, an intruder of the night, cloaked in all of the faces she's ever dreamed and all of the faces she hasn't yet. It seeped into her skin like a smell sunk beneath flesh. No matter how many showers she took, the smell never left. Like an itch that will never be scratched. It tore at her.724

The tick tock of the clock on the wall reminded her just how little time they had left until He rose to the power he so desperately seeks, and just how little time left until he gains it, soon pillaging the castle of the famous school for the boy in the prophecy and killing everyone in his path. No one believed her, but she knew. She knew the fate of the Wizarding World. She knew of the role she and Harry played in this war, and she knew what she would have to do.465

Of course, she had never met Harry Potter. She had heard all of the rumors and of course she knew about him. Everyone did. She had only caught the snippets of the newest rumor towards the famous young wizard in every newspaper and the quiet gossip of the nurses at the main station, but she had never met him, or even laid eyes on him for that matter, other than the moving pictures in the papers.211

The nurses didn't believe that there was a war coming, and that Voldemort was coming back. No matter how much she screamed at the top of her lungs at the voices in her head, telling them that they needed to help them, help them all, because they were going to die if someone didn't help them win this war. They were going to die. They were going to die. She would scream and scream and scream until the nurses had to restrain her, tie her wrists down so she wouldn't claw her eyes out, tie her ankles down so she didn't run. They didn't believe her. No one believed her, but she knew.565

They were going to die.666

There was a war coming, a war so powerful and destructive that she had to press her hands over her ears and clamp her eyes shut so tight that no light could pass so she would keep herself from hearing the evil to come. There was a war coming that would leave the Wizarding world, her world, in ruins, and one that would carry so much death in its wake that there would be bodies piled so high you'd have to tilt your head until your neck strained to see the top. There was a war coming. There was a war coming.269

There was a war coming.455

The knocking on the door of her room brought her out of the inevitable spiral and her head snapped up to meet the face of one of the nameless nurses. "You have a visitor," she said, which was peculiar. The girl never had visitors.317

She nodded once, and adjusted herself so she sat further up in her bed, and the nurse opened the door wider until it revealed a jolly looking old man, with a magnificent white beard and half-moon spectacles. The lines carved upon his withered face held entire stories within them. 667

"I was wondering when you'd come," she said quietly, returning her gaze to the window to the left of her, looming at the dreary, dull gray skies of London. Her throat tore against itself from lack of use. She didn't speak much. "Albus Dumbledore, the Only One He Had Ever Feared."413

"Well," he mused, "I suppose introductions are unnecessary, then." He was kind, which was something she was not used to. He looked at her as if he had no idea who she was. He looked at her as if her namesake didn't make him sick to his stomach.172

"I've been wondering when you'd come to see me," she said quietly. Momentarily, Albus Dumbledore wondered if she had even been talking to him. "I dream about you a lot, you know. About all of you."662

He smiled and looked towards the same gray sky she had been staring at just a moment before. It wasn't a happy smile, though. It was one of pain, like he knew just how hard this would be for everyone. Just how hard it would be for her.30

"Well, then, I suppose you know why I'm here?"56

"There's a war," she said, the words sounding foreign on her tongue like this. She was so used to screaming it, or carving it into her skin over and over, or having it yelled at her in her head so many times that the words wouldn't sound like words anymore. "And you need my help."386

The seconds ticked by as she was painfully reminded by the wall clock she hates with so much of a passion. To her, the silence was painful. To him, the silence told him everything he needed to know. "You're smarter than they say you are," he said with a chuckle, one of amusement and curiosity. He couldn't get a read on this girl, which he found a little unsettling. 257

She laughed. This, too, was foreign to her. She never laughed in here. "Is that right? What do they say about me?" she muttered, the smile stretching muscles in her face that hadn't been used in years.186

"Your file described you as cold, clever. You were deemed a psychopath, which I found rather odd, if I do say so myself. I'm surprised they named you with a muggle affliction," he said. He crossed his legs. "Vivid hallucinations and delusions. They say you killed your family," He paused and leaned forward in his chair. "I think they're wrong."545

"So do I," she said, a tone of resentment and a hint of malice. "And they weren't my family." She wasn't crazy. She wasn't, she wasn't, she wasn't.649

He chuckled, taking off his glasses and placing them in his breast pocket. "I know they weren't your family. But the people here don't know that. No one knows that." He paused, contemplating his next choice of words. "I would like to propose a deal," he said, staring so hard at her she felt the need to stir. She never felt the need to stir. Usually she was the one who made others feel the need to stir.163

"Enlighten me."352

"You help me win this war, I get you out of here forever and your name cleared. You and I both know you have no reason to be here." She could tell that he was desperate. They both knew she was their only hope.272

They both knew that she was the only thing they had left in their arsenal.134

She sat up, staring at him with a red-hot fury in her eyes. She could feel him try to enter her mind. It didn't work. "I have known about this war for years," she said. "I have felt it for so many years with no way to help anyone. I want him dead. I want him in so much pain that he cries for mercy. I want him to beg for the forgiveness of every single person he's wronged," she said. She was fired up, fidgeting with raw energy and rage. "I hate him more than anyone, Albus. You should know how that feels."582

Dumbledore nodded slowly, pleased, yet slightly put off. He had only sensed that much hate in one other person before in his lifetime, and he knew of their relation.373

"I know about the prophecy," she said, before he could say anything else. "I know what I have to do."91

He looked down at the ground for a moment, then he met her eyes. "I need to be able to trust you. I need to know where your loyalties lie."86

"My hatred for him surpasses any sense of loyalty I might have toward him. Luckily, I don't have any."18

He smiled at her, one of a proud father. It made her uncomfortable.158

"Diana Riddle, welcome to the Order of the Phoenix."3.8K

crystal reed as diana riddle689

Diana Riddle left St. Mungo's Ward the next day. The walls there had become her only home, years and years of familiarity cemented into her bones. Dressed in Muggle clothes, she awaited quietly the arrival of Albus Dumbledore. Her identity was a secret, but the nurses still gazed at her with apprehensive hesitancy and the doctors still stared at her with reluctance. They had never known her as Voldemort's daughter, but anyone could see the power lurking behind her eyes.800

She clutched a small pack of the few clothes she owned, her wand tucked inside.38

She remembered the day she bought it. And she remembered that the day after, her parents were murdered and she had been framed for it. She hadn't seen her wand for years until now. When she got to the hospital all those years ago, they took her necklace away, too.246

Now, she secured the necklace around her neck the moment it was handed to her, and the comfortable familiarity of life before the hospital eased her mind. She had worn this necklace every day for as long as she could remember until she got to St. Mungo's, yet she never knew the origin of the peculiar golden globe that hung loosely around her neck.350

She was ready with all of her things, dressed in faded muggle jeans and a black t-shirt in a small waiting room just outside of the ward as she sat patiently and utterly unaffected for Dumbledore. He was to pick her up at noon sharp, and he didn't disappoint.18

The moment the old clock on the wall chimed twelve, Dumbledore walked swiftly into the room, a serene smile on his face and his fingers laced behind his back. 145

"Ah, Miss Riddle, good to see you again."125

She unconsciously glanced around the room, making sure no one heard him use her real name, and returned her eyes to the old man and gracefully stood up.42

"Where is this 'headquarters' you spoke of?" she asked, and he chuckled. The room was cold, and she really wished she owned a sweatshirt.231

"Not far," he waved, glancing at the clock. "Once we get to the lobby, we shall Apparate."5

They wordlessly flowed out of the door, down halls and steps and occasionally walking into an orderly, who eyed the girl suspiciously. Dumbledore either didn't notice or didn't mind the strange looks from the staff, and he kept walking, humming a cheery tune to himself.213

They reached the lobby, and he held out his arm for her to grab. "Apparating can be very disorienting the first time. Are you ready?"16

"Should be no trouble," she insisted, taking his arm in one hand and getting a better grip of her pack with the other. He nodded once and turned on his heel, and they were sucked into a suffocating black tube for a few moments until they landed firmly and gracefully on pavement.22

She was completely unaffected, not even wobbling slightly on impact or nausea from the travel. Dumbledore eyed her impressively for a moment before starting forward toward a line of homes. She observed the numbers, and took notice of the fact that number eleven was directly next to number thirteen.472

Dumbledore put one hand on her shoulder and waved his other hand. The ground started rumbling and shaking, and 12 Grimmauld Place stretched into place, seemingly not disturbing or affecting anyone other than Dumbledore and Diana. In fact, no one seemed to even see what they were seeing, or feel the ground shaking. After a minute, it was fully formed, and there stood the completely intact home. Dumbledore walked toward it, up the few stairs to the front door. The closer Diana got, the stronger the magic around the building got. She could feel the energy pulsing, pounding in her veins and she could hear the dull hum of it, nearly loud enough that she thought it could deafen her. She felt the urge to cover her ears.72

Dumbledore stopped when they reached the door. He turned to her, an unreadable glint in his eye. 18

"I do not know how everyone will react to hearing your name. I haven't told them much about you, so it might be quite a shock to them. They might not take it as well as I hope. . ."431

"It's fine," she said. She wasn't daft--she knew what her last name meant. She knew what her last name represented. She expected that people wouldn't take it seriously, and she really did not care in the slightest. "I know what they'll think. They'd be stupid if they didn't hate me immediately."142

Dumbledore didn't deny it; instead, he just gave her a small smile, one of pity and sympathy. She hated it.371

She turned her head back towards the door and he opened it, the sound of loud chatter coming from a large group of people streamed from the closed door at the other end of the hall. The sound quieted down at the sound of the front door being opened, and a plump red-haired woman stuck her head into the hall.321

"Right on time, Albus! Is this who you have been telling us about?" she asked, opening the door wider to reveal what seemed to be a kitchen and table full of other people. More light streamed into the hall, sending an eerie glow across the decapitated heads of house-elves and it revealed the thick layer of dust over all of the furniture in the area.57

"All in due time, Molly! Is that beef stew that I smell?" Dumbledore said briskly making his way toward the kitchen, which also was the direction the smell was coming from. Diana followed him, taking in the odd surroundings.131

He walked into the kitchen first, earning a slew of happy greetings from the large bunch. She walked in after, earning a curious silence. She paid no mind and took a seat in a lumpy green armchair in the corner, as secluded from the people as she could get (which wasn't very).152

"Is that the 'weapon'? The key to winning this war?" said a tattered looking man with shoulder-length dark hair and gray eyes. She immediately recognized him as Sirius Black, not from the pictures in newspapers or the wanted poster near the nurse's desk, but she often saw him in her dreams. In fact, she recognized every single person in this room from her head. "You didn't tell us she was just a kid!"585

"I can assure you Sirius, she isn't just a kid," he said kindly, and Sirius looked incredulously at both of them. "Before we start introductions, I would like to make it clear that she is absolutely and unequivocally on our side. I have no doubt in my mind that her loyalties lie anywhere else but to our cause, and I trust her, as I urge all of you to."313

He turned to face her for a moment and gave her a small reassuring smile and he started naming off everyone around the room.13

First, he introduced Mad-Eye Moody, who seemed to vaguely recognize her from the old case of her and her family, though he didn't seem sure. Next was Sirius Black, and when she showed no sign of fright at his name, he gave her a wide grin. She gave him a reserved smile back. Then Remus Lupin, who gave her a kind smile and a nod, to which she returned both. Then a pink-haired woman named Tonks, who gave her a smile and a salute. Next was Severus Snape, who eyed her suspiciously, yet she couldn't help but detect a small glint of fear. Then Molly and Arthur Weasley, who gave her wide smiles. Then Minerva McGonagall, who gave her a nice nod and smile. Kingsley Shacklebolt, who said a 'hello' in his deep voice. More were introduced, like Mundungus Fletcher and Daedalus Diggle. There were a few more, and some that Dumbledore explained couldn't attend, like Hagrid and Bill and Charlie Wesley. All were kind and welcoming except for Severus and Mad-Eye, and even they were respectful and polite.386

"She is the key to winning the war. Without her and Harry, Voldemort would be unstoppable," Dumbledore spoke up after introducing everyone. Even they winced at the forbidden name. "I would like you all to meet Diana Riddle."533

 The response was expected. Some shrieked, some toppled out of chairs, some yelled protests or obscenities. Mad-Eye and Tonks whipped their wands out immediately and aimed them at her in the blink of an eye, and Sirius yelled "Preposterous!" Molly Weasley screamed and began to cry, and Snape looked like he was about to vomit.2.3K

"Quiet!" Dumbledore boomed through all of the chaos, and everyone fell silent immediately. "Alastor, Nymphadora, wands down immediately!" He was angry, and he seemed to radiate power as the group looked like they felt the need to take a step back. Tonks and Mad-Eye lowered their wands reluctantly and tucked them away, not without throwing a glare toward Diana. "I will repeat myself once, and only once: She is to be trusted. You all will be kind to her, and if I here any of you are treating her with anything less than the respect she deserves, we will discuss your status in the Order." A few people looked a little at ease, some looked not quite calm but a lot less murderous, and some, like Mad-Eye, still looked angry but didn't want to risk their positions.277

Diana stood and stepped out of the shadow in the corner, making all of the eyes in the room turn to her.27

"I know what you think of me," she stated strongly, her voice echoing ever so slightly in the thick silence of the listeners. "I know what he has done. I know who he has become." She hesitated, choosing her words carefully. "No one hates my father more than I do. No one wants him dead more than I." Her eyes found Sirius', who gave her an encouraging nod. "I give my full loyalty to the Order, and I will do everything in my power to stop Lord Voldemort."676

Silence. She hated it, it made her want to claw at her ears. 91

"How do we know that we can trust you?" spoke Remus. He wasn't accusatory, or even skeptical. He sounded like he actually believed her and just wanted to assure everyone else.255

"I'll do anything."15

"The Unbreakable Vow."855

All heads turned to Severus Snape, who was looking at Diana intently. He was thinking, hard, of something Diana wasn't sure about. Murmurs of agreement rang around the room, and even Dumbledore's eyebrows raised in intrigue.148

"Diana?" asked Dumbledore, as if asking if it was okay, and she nodded fervently and stepped forward.10

"Severus, will you be the Bonder?" asked Dumbledore, and he wordlessly walked to where the stood and pulled out his wand. Dumbledore and Diana grasped each other's right arm.240

Snape gave a prod to their hands with his wand and a red coil wrapped around their arms.1

"Do you solemnly swear that your loyalties are and forever will be with the Order of the Phoenix?" asked Dumbledore clearly, looking her dead in the eye.217

"Yes."5

Another red streak snaked around their arms.4

"Do you swear to do everything in your power to stop Voldemort?"228

"Yes."2

Another red rope.3

They were done, and the red ropes shined brightly before disappearing, leaving light marks where they wrapped around the arms. Snape put his wand back in his robes and they let go of each other's arms, pulling their sleeves down. Snape stepped back to his original spot and they were done; Diana was now fully committed to the Unbreakable Vow.120

Everyone, even Mad-Eye, looked significantly more relieved.2

"Diana, welcome to the Order! Now let's eat, I bet you're starving! I know I am," yelled Sirius jovially, and Diana couldn't help but let herself grin at what seemed to be the second person in her life that didn't hate her.1K

For the first time in her life, Diana slept without any nightmares. In fact, the only reason she was awake at nine in the morning was because the slam of the front door reverberated through the house, and Mrs. Black screaming profanities.248

"George! What did I tell you?" yelled Mrs. Weasley from below.129

"SHUT UP!" Diana heard Sirius yell from a floor above, subsequently followed by footsteps thundering down the stairs. Diana leapt up as well, in all of her unexhausted glory, and determinedly swept out of the room to help Sirius shut Walburga up. She met him outside her room and they ran down the stairs, side by side. Diana told Sirius to go down and tell whoever was making so much noise downstairs to shut the hell up while she handles Walburga.146

Sirius went down further, yelling a last "shut up you old hag!" before he started telling the people downstairs off.152

"Walburga!" said Diana, in a voice much older and wiser and more superior than a normal fifteen year old. Last night, Tonks knocked over a plate which sent Walburga into another rant, and everyone was incredibly curious when Walburga laid eyes on Diana, her voice dropped to one of a kind coo, and she started saying what seemed to be the nicest things she had ever said, even when she was alive.273

Walburga fell silent at the sound of Diana, her face turning into one of, confusingly, worry. "Oh, Diana, dear, how are you this morning?" she asked, like a concerned mother. 462

"Quiet."21

And with that, the curtains slammed shut over her portrait, and the house fell silent once more. 59

A group of red-heads stared at her with curiosity, along with a bushy-haired brunette.142

"Hello," said the two red-headed twins in unison in a semi-flirty tone, and one of her eyebrows unconsciously rose in amusement.692

"Hello," Diana replied slowly. She looked between the teenagers, meeting everyone's eyes.10

"Diana dear, I'd like you to meet my children," said Mrs. Weasley, winded from her earlier rant. "Fred and George--" she gestured to the pair of twins "--Ron, Ginny, and Ron's friend, Hermion Granger."397

She recognized them from her dreams, but did not mention it.33

"Diana," she said. They all trailed into the kitchen and took a seat.2

"Diana, you said?" asked the girl named Hermione. "What is your last name?"643

Diana bristled invisibly.2

"Don't have one," she finally settled on, talking through clenched teeth and her nails dug into her skin so hard she was sure they'd leave marks. She wasn't angry; she probably looked angry, but she wasn't. She was ashamed of her namesake, she was ashamed of a man who shared the same last name but was no father to her. She hated him, and she hated the name nearly as much as Tom did. 271

The teenagers didn't press it, but they were obviously curious as to her sudden change in behavior. Sirius, Mr. Weasley, and Mrs. Weasley looked significantly relieved that she didn't kill them all.271

"Do you go to Hogwarts?" Ginny asked through a mouthful of scrambled eggs. "I don't think I've seen you before. What year are you?"102

Diana hesitated. What should she tell them? The more vague she is about her past, the more curious they'll get. How long will it take before they start to pry deep into things they shouldn't?2

"No, I'm not a student. If I was, I'd be a fifth year," she settled on, not going too far into details.9

"You'd be a fifth year but you're not a student?" Hermione asked.470

Her fists clenched again. She hated talking about her personal life. "Right."53

Hermione opened her mouth to ask something else. "Alright, kids, I think it's time to show you all to your rooms!" Mrs. Weasley interrupted, sensing that Diana was uncomfortable.146

Diana bolted through the door so quickly she unsettled some dust, which caused a coughing fit among the group. From then on, she didn't talk much about herself at all, and everyone seemed to understand not to pry.149

+

Some nights, she sometimes could nearly hear the darkness.119

It was a hum, a dull, incessant buzzing inside of her head. She had always hated it; darkness always bred thoughts she had long suppressed. Bad things grow in darkness. She knew that better than anyone.102

She saw things in the dark, too. Like a liquid, it flowed to create shadows of monsters, ones with red eyes or long hair or teeth that dripped blood, all staring at her like prey. It made her feel so weak, so powerless; it numbed her with fear. It was a paralytic. Her very own nightmare she could never escape.220

She was grateful everyday when the sun would come up, sterilizing the room of all the monsters that had been there at night. She thrived in the light, refreshed and unburdened until night came round again.59

It was growing dark when Dumbledore called for her one night. The tawny owl that had brought the  note flew from her window and out of sight, and she used the Floo network downstairs to travel.25

"You've been happy, it seems," said Dumbledore when she appeared beneath the green flame in his office. "I'm delighted to see that you're getting along with the others."3

And she was. She had never had friends until now. She finally had a family.176

"It's been nice," she said. "I've never had anything like this."10

He smiled at her, pleased.6

"I've called you here today for a specific reason," he began. "I would like you to tell me what you know."57

Diana closed her eyes for a moment. She should've known it was coming; Dumbledore had yet to ask her about her visions and dreams and she knew it was a matter of time. She looked at Dumbledore for a moment before she took a deep breath.5

"It started when I was just a toddler," she started, looking at her fingers. "I don't remember that time too well, but I saw things. I'd have vivid dreams of snakes and a castle, and of a man with snake eyes." Dumbledore nodded for her to continue. "It wasn't until I was eight that I'd have visions while awake. These were longer. I'd see the same castle burning, I'd see a boy with bright green eyes and glasses and men with black cloaks and masks. I saw war and anguish and sadness and fear."160

There was a pause. Diana listened to the various sounds of whirring and clicking from the numerous instruments on the shelves. 6

"Who were these men in masks?" interrupted Dumbledore gravely.57

"Death Eaters," she said at once. "In these visions, that's what they were called. I didn't know then that they were his supporters."3

Dumbledore nodded for her to continue. 3

"When I was ten, that's when I heard the voices. Sometimes it was a snake, and it would tell me things in Parseltongue. Other times, it was just a woman. She told me of things to come. She's the one who told me about the Prophecy."127

"Did you recognize the woman's voice?" asked Dumbledore, a look of worry in his eyes that flashed for a mere second. Diana noticed it.107

She shook her head. "No. I don't know who she is." She opened and closed her mouth a few times before she spoke again. "She spoke like she knew him. Tom, I mean."397

Diana still had trouble calling her father anything other than his birth name. She would never call him Dad, or Father. She hated calling him by the name he had given himself. Whenever she used it around people who didn't know of her relation, it rolled off of her tongue so bitterly. Even calling him Tom reminded her that he was her father, and she flinched internally every time she used it. In fact, she just preferred to never talk about him ever.124

Dumbledore was silent, thinking of something he was not sharing with Diana. She could see him calculating something in his head, something important. She wanted to know, but she didn't ask. "What happened the night your adoptive family died?" he asked after awhile.6

Diana's face automatically turned to a look of distaste and bitterness. "I don't remember."5

"What do you remember?" he prodded, yet he stayed patient.46

She looked him in the eye, stronger than she had been all meeting. This subject always awoke something within her; a passion, a hatred, an evil. It was the night that turned her life to hell. That night was the night her life ended.  Talking about it gave her a certain kind of strength, one that stemmed from darkness. "I remember we were sitting, eating dinner. It was a normal night. All of a sudden, the front door flies open and three masked men come in. Death Eaters. They shot a spell at me, and I blacked out. Next thing I knew, I woke up standing over my dead family, covered in their blood and holding a knife."428

Dumbledore wasn't surprised or scared. His face stayed impassive yet concerned, and he leaned forward. "Do you know who these Death Eaters were?"9

"If I knew that, do you really think I'd be here in the first place?"38

He leaned back in his chair, setting his hands in his lap. "I believe you didn't do it, I'm just trying to figure out why they did."13

She looked out the small window to her left contemplating her word choice for what she would say next. "I think he was scared," she whispered, determinedly keeping her eyes to the window. She was oddly numb; usually when she talked about this, she cried. But right now, she just felt a bitter emptiness where her heart once was. "I think he was scared that I was getting stronger. He needed to stop me from getting to Hogwarts; he needed to stop me from knowing more." She paused. "He was scared I would learn enough to defeat him."96

Right when she was done speaking, an owl darted into the office from the window, flying so fast he nearly crashed into the desk. It skidded to a halt and stuck its leg out, and Dumbledore sensed the urgency, untying it quickly and ripping the envelope open. He scanned the paper and rushed out of his chair. He went to a portrait on the wall, who Diana recognized as Phineas Nigellus. "Harry's been attacked, alert those at Headquarters."292

Phineas boredly walked out if the frame as Diana scrambled out of her chair. "What? What's happened?"49

Dumbledore was writing a note now, folding it and then tying it to the owl. "Take this to Arabella Figg at Privet Drive." He was doing too many things at once. Writing notes to then tie to an owl and sending Patronuses and talking to portraits on the wall. Eventually, he turned back to her. He was angry.95

"Mundungus abandoned guard duty in Little Whinging and Harry and his cousin were attacked by Dementors. Quick, we must get you to Headquarters." His voice was bitter and low, a certain growl to it that put Diana on edge. She set her jaw so she didn't show her uneasiness. 158

Dumbledore swiftly walked to the fireplace and gestured Diana use the fireplace to go to Headquarters. She did, swirling through green flames and fireplaces, and arrived in no time to see a large group of people, talking urgently amongst themselves in the closed-off kitchen. She stepped out and everyone noticed her presence.18

Mrs. Weasley rushed over to her first, in a complete panic. Mr. Weasley was writing on a piece of parchment with an owl near. "Oh, Diana, thank God you're here! Harry's been attacked!" Mrs. Weasley shrieked. She was in a state of complete distress, which Diana thought was odd. Of course, what did Diana know? She knew she wouldn't recognize affection if it slapped her in the face. 182

Mr. Weasley spoke up next. "He's just been expelled from Hogwarts by the Ministry for using a Patronus charm. Dumbledore's there now trying to sort it out."10

Sirius was sitting at the table, his face showing conflict. For what, Diana didn't know.9

Mundungus was nowhere to be seen. She knew he'd show up soon, and that he would be in huge trouble.3

She heard Moody in a conversation with Tonks and Remus. "I knew Mundungus was too much of an idiot to be trusted for guard duty! Constant vigilance, I always tell him, but he never listens!"430

They all sat simultaneously at the kitchen table, Diana taking a seat on the very end. The rest of the group talked for awhile about Harry and the Dementors.2

"Do you think it was You-Know-Who?" asked Tonks to the group at large. There was some mutterings in response, but no one was too sure to be able to say.27

"It wasn't him," said Diana, unknowingly out loud. Everyone turned to her at once, looking at her intensely. It took her a moment to realize she had actually said it, and when she did she grimaced. She looked at everyone, trying to choose her words carefully. "He's not stupid enough to do that. He's lying low, remember? He wouldn't send Dementors after Harry. He's too smart for that, too cunning."231

She could tell everyone was slightly wary now. Of her, of the situation, she couldn't really tell, but a thick silence fell after that. 2

Eventually, people started talking again, and Mundungus arrived shortly after. His arrival caused a loud outburst from nearly everyone in the room. Mrs. Weasley smacked him so hard it left a red mark on his cheek, Mad-Eye grabbed him by the neck and yelled at him. Tonks jinxed him with a small blister jinx (she wanted to teach him a lesson, not murder him). Everyone was incredibly angry with him, but no one's anger compared to Dumbledore's. 118

He arrived not long after Mundungus did. Dumbledore strode in through the front door and then the kitchen door, eyes gleaming with an anger so intense even Diana stepped away slightly. Dumbledore didn't close the kitchen door, and she saw the kids trying to get a good look at what was happening. 121

Dumbledore was more angry than anyone had ever seen him before. Mundungus looked like he was about to wet himself. 46

"Mundungus!" Dumbledore roared so fiercely that Mrs. Weasley looked like she was visibly trying to refrain from screaming. Dumbledore looked as if he was about to reach for his wand, and Diana unconsciously yelled for him to stop. 180

"Dumbledore!" she yelled, in a voice so authoritative some people flinched. He looked towards her, still furious, but her stern gaze seemed to miraculously settle him down. She was so powerful even Albus Dumbledore couldn't help but shrink slightly. "Be careful. We don't want a murder on our hands, do we?" she said, and with that, she walked out of the kitchen, walking up the stairs and gesturing for all of the kids to follow her. 728

She arrived in her room with the rest of the teenagers, and they immediately sat in chairs or on her bed, bombarding her with questions.2

She interrupted them quickly to explain. She explained, and by the end everyone was quite solemn. Hermione was nearly in tears and everyone was quiet. 133

"Is he going to stay at the Dursley's? What if they try to attack again?" asked Ron.3

Diana furrowed her eyebrows. "I think they're sending a group to bring him here in a few days."3

And that was that. For three whole days, everyone was in a frenzy. It was chaotic at headquarters, and the Ministry was pushing and prodding about Harry the entire time. Diana did nothing for that amount of time, mostly sleeping or reading or sitting, delving deep into her head. Too deep. All of her thoughts were littered with a single word, over and over and over.48

War.226

After four days of agonizing chaos, Diana was finally called down to the kitchen by Dumbledore. When she arrived, she noticed a small group was seated at the table, with Dumbledore at the head. Mad-Eye was there, with Remus next to him. There was Tonks and Kingsley, Elphias Doge, Dedalus Diggle, Emmeline Vance, Sturgis Podmore and Hestia Jones. The last five she had only met a few times, for they rarely came to Headquarters unless absolutely necessary.84

Dumbledore held out a hand to the nearest chair. "Sit, Diana." She obliged. As she looked around the table, she noticed everyone was excited for something.68

"Diana, this is the guard who will be fetching Harry for us tonight." Everyone around the table gave a nod. "I'd like for you to be a part of it."174

Diana turned her head to Dumbledore so fast she thought she might've gotten whiplash. "Me? Why me? I'm underage, I can't use my wand, what good will it do for me to be there?"108

A few of the members around the table glanced at each other, but Dumbledore was the one to speak. "I haven't been completely truthful with you," he said, and Diana furrowed her eyebrows, waiting for him to continue. "When I got you out of St. Mungo's, I told you I needed approval from the Ministry. I did need it, but I didn't ask for it."240

"What are you saying?" forced Diana. He stayed silent, and she understood. "You broke me out of St. Mungo's illegally!" she said, slamming her palms onto the table. 489

"For now, it seems that way. I was waiting to get approval because they would've registered you to be monitored. You haven't been registered to be monitored for the Statute of Secrecy. I did it so you'd be able to use your wand," he said quickly, trying to make sure she didn't get out of control.8

She furrowed her eyebrows. "You're saying I could've used my wand this entire time?" 5

Wordlessly, Dumbledore pulled her wand out of his robes and handed it to her. She took it eagerly, examining it as if checking for injuries. She felt exhilarated and powerful with her wand in her hands. It gave her a raw sort of energy she didn't have before. She looked up at Dumbledore. "But why me?"82

"Trust me, Diana."250

She did.479

Dumbledore spoke one last time. "You all will be leaving soon. Be careful."10

•••27

Harry Potter sat at his desk, fiddling with a quill idly. The Dursleys had left a little while ago to claim some stupid prize for some stupid competition and he was left here, locked in his room at night with no information whatsoever. He had been here for four weeks, locked in his room or under the window in the bushes outside and he had not gotten one word from anyone. He had gotten attacked by Dementors, why has nobody come for him?263

As if on cue, something smashed in the kitchen. Someone hissed as well, not animal-like, but as if they were angry. Harry immediately grabbed his wand, pointing it at the door. All of a sudden, the lock clicked open and the door swung inward to reveal a huddled mass of people in the hall below. 6

"Lower your wand, boy, before you take someone's eye out."110

Harry recognized that voice. "Professor Moody?" he said uncertainly.2

"I don't know much about 'Professor,'" he growled. "Never got around to much teaching, did I? Get down here, we want to see you properly."212

Harry lowered his wand slightly but didn't move.2

"It's all right, Harry. We've come to take you away."43

"Professor Lupin?" Harry said in disbelief. "Is that you?"130

"Why are we all standing in the dark?" said a third voice. This time, it was a woman. "Lumos."96

One wand tip flared, illuminating the hall below. A group of people sat before him, craning their necks to get a good look at him. Except one, he noticed, had her (he only knew it was a her due to the long dark hair) back to them, observing some of the obnoxious family photos of the Dursleys on the opposite wall. 164

Remus Lupin was nearest. He smiled at Harry, who tried to smile back despite his unwavering shock. 28

"Oooh, he looks just like I thought he would," said the witch who was holding her lit wand aloft. "Wotcher, Harry!"94

"Yeah, I see what you mean, Remus," said a bald black wizard in a deep voice. "He looks exactly like James."93

"Except the eyes. Lily's eyes," said a wheezy-voiced silver-haired man. 128

"Are you quite sure it's him, Lupin?" growled Moody. "It'd be a nice lookout if we bring back some Death Eater impersonating him."3

The long-haired girl spoke up next. She didn't turn around, though. "That's not a Death Eater impersonating him," she practically spat. Obviously, for some reason it was a sore subject. "You're so suspicious all of the time. Doesn't it get exhausting?"313

Moody ignored the last quip. "Yes, all right, fine. But if we get back to Headquarters with a Death Eater in tow I will make sure you never see the light of day again!" he growled. The girl, with her back still turned, merely hummed in response.61

"Harry, what form does your Patronus take?" interrupted Lupin. 67

"A stag," he answered. 1.1K

"That's him, Mad-Eye," confirmed Lupin. 3

Harry put his wand in his back pocket, but was immediately told off by Moody about loosing a buttock.50

"Who d'you know who's lost a buttock?" asked the dark-haired girl (still, frustratingly, with her back turned) and the pink-haired woman simultaneously.1K

Moody growled some response about elementary wand safety. 5

Lupin held out his hand and shook Harry's. "How are you?" he asked, looking at Harry closely. 15

"F-fine..."79

"We are leaving, aren't we?" Harry asked after some conversation. "Soon?"2

"Almost at once," said Lupin, "we're just waiting for the all-clear."2

"Where are we going? The Burrow?" Harry asked hopefully.2

"Not, the Burrow, no. Too risky," answered Lupin. "We've set up headquarters somewhere undetectable. It's taken awhile..."2

Lupin then gestured to Moody who was sitting at the kitchen table. "This is Alastor Moody, Harry."3

"Yeah, I know," Harry replied awkwardly.3

"And this is Nymphadora-"2

"Don't call me Nymphadora, Remus," said the witch. "It's Tonks."726

"-Nymphdora Tonks, who prefers to be know by her surname only," Remus finished. 187

"And this is Kingsley Shacklebolt, Elphias Doge, Dedalus Diggle, Sturgis Podmore, Emmeline Vance, and Hestia Jones," said Lupin, pointing at each person respectively. Harry noticed he didn't introduce the dark-haired girl yet.33

"Who's that?" Harry pointed to the girl who had wandered further into the living room. 198

Everyone looked back at her unconsciously. Tonks spoke up. "Ahh, Harry, I'd like you to meet Diana R-"207

Though Harry was incredibly angry with his two best friends, he couldn't stay mad at them for long. After he had entered Headquarters, he was shoved up the stairs and the entire Advance Guard made their way to the kitchen for an important meeting of some sort.39

Harry had finally gotten it out of his system. There had been yelling and apologies and some tears, but he had calmed himself slightly and he sat with Ron and Hermione, taking in as much information as he could before they were called down for dinner. 10

"What is this place, anyway?" asked Harry, slightly out of breath from all of the yelling. Ron and Hermione looked terrified of setting Harry off again.3

"Headquarters of the Order of the Phoenix," Ron said at once.2

"It's a secret society," Hermione furthered. "Dumbledore's in charge, he founded it. It's the people who fought against You-Know-Who last time."2

"Who's in it?" Harry pressed. He was anxious for information, and he wasn't afraid of being forceful to get it.64

"Quite a few people-"1

"But we've met about twenty of them," said Ron. "But there are more."1

Harry glared at them. "Well?"1

Ron stared blankly. "Well what?"1

"Voldemort!" Harry started, then proceeded to fire question after question. Ron and Hermione looked extremely overwhelmed.5

"We've told you," Hermione interrupted nervously. "The Order don't let us into their meetings, so we don't know the details--but we've got a general idea."2

"Fred and George have invented Extendable Ears, see," said Ron. "They're really useful. And sometimes Diana will slip us some information. She's awesome."427

Harry faltered. "Extendable Ears? And Diana, the girl who was in the Guard?"6

Ron nodded. He seemed to be enjoying talking about this. It seemed it made him feel slightly more important. "Only we've had to stop using them lately because Mum found out and went berserk. Fred and George had to hide them all to stop Mum binning them. But we got a good bit of use out of them before Mum realized what was going on. We know some of the Order are following known Death Eaters, keeping tabs on them and You-Know-Who-"60

"Some people are working on recruiting more people to the Order," Hermione interjected hastily. 1

"-And some of them are standing guard over something," finished Ron. "They're always talking about guard duty."1

"Couldn't have been me, could it," Harry said, rolling his eyes.122

Ron's ears reddened. "Oh, yeah."2

"So what about Diana? Who is she? Why does she get to be in meetings?" asked Harry, trying to hide his eagerness. She intrigued him.226

Ron and Hermione looked at each other. "Honestly, we don't really know anything about her," stated Ron slowly. "They Order is very secretive when it comes to her. We don't even know her last name."15

"All we know about her is that she is heavily involved in the Order," started Hermione. "She's very autonomous. Even though she's young, they take her very seriously. They listen to her. She's even allowed to use magic apparently! I don't know how, because she's only fifteen-" Hermione rambled, but was interrupted by a loud CRACK.34

Fred and George appeared out of nowhere, startling Ron so heavily he flew backwards at least a few feet.64

"You idiots!" Hermione screeched.9

"Talking about Diana, are we?" they prodded annoyingly, making themselves comfortable on the bed.118

"Yeah. Do either of you know anything about her?" asked Harry. The twins were resourceful, he thought. They're clever enough to have figured something out.7

Fred propped his head up with his arm. "Not much, unfortunately. I think her involvement has something to do with her dad," he said, shrugging. "Don't know who it is though."120

"And she's really fit," added George, and Ron and Fred grinned. Harry chuckled, his face reddening slightly. 803

Just then, Ginny walked in. "Oh, hello Harry! I thought I heard your voice." She then turned to Fred and George and told them that they can't use the Extendable Ears tonight. "Mum put and Imperturbable Charm on the kitchen door."445

"How d'you know?" said George, looking crestfallen.3

"Tonks told me how to find out. You just chuck stuff at the door and if it can't make contact the door has been Imperturbed. I've been flicking dungbombs at it from the top of the stairs and they just soar away from it, so there's no way the Extendable Ears will be able to get under the gap."9

"Shame," Fred sighed. "I really fancied finding out what old Snape's been up to."31

"Snape?" said Harry quickly, "is he here?"9

"Yeah," said George. "Giving a report. Top secret."2

"Git," said Fred idly.147

"He's on our side now," Hermione scolded.61

Ron snorted. "Doesn't stop him from being a git. The way he looks at us when he sees us..."50

"Bill doesn't like him either," said Ginny. "Honestly though, I think the only people who don't actually hate him are Dumbledore and Diana."40

"Why Diana?" Harry interrupted curiously.19

Ginny shrugged. "Sometimes I see them whispering quietly about something important. They always look at each other like they have a mutual understanding about something. I don't know, it's weird..."358

"Is Bill here?" Harry continued. "I thought he was working in Egypt."170

"He applied for a desk job so he could come home and work for the Order," said Fred. "He says he misses the tombs, but," Ron smirked, "there are compensations..."34

"What d'you mean?"7

"Remember old Fleur Delacour?" asked George. "She's got a job at Gringotts to 'eemprove 'er Eenglish-'"769

"-and Bill's been giving her a lot of private lessons," sniggered Fred.356

"Charlie's in the Order too," said George, "but he's still in Romania, Dumbledore wants as many foreign wizards brought in as possible, so Charlie's trying to make contacts on his days off."84

"Couldn't Percy do that?" Harry asked, and got a less than pleasant response from the group.136

"Whatever you do, don't mention Percy in front of Mum and Dad," Ron said lowly, exchanging dark looks with the others. 25

They all explained to Harry of what happened with Percy, and by the end, Harry had come to the conclusion that Percy was a gigantic git.381

After much talk of the Ministry and Percy, they were finally called down to dinner by Mrs. Weasley. They made their way down the stairs with quiet chatter, and watched as Lupin, Tonks, and Diana bolted the many locks on the front door after the person who had just left. 4

"We're eating in the kitchen," whispered Diana quietly, nodding towards the door up ahead. "We can go ahead-"5

There was a loud crash, followed by Mrs. Weasley scolding Tonks.4

"I'm sorry, I didn't mean-" the rest was drowned out by earsplitting wailing and screeching, which made Harry cover his ears.1

Moth-eaten curtains flew open to reveal an old woman who was screaming and wailing. Sirius came bolting out of the door and up the stairs to the curtains, followed by a fierce looking Diana. Sirius seized the curtains, trying to yank it shut, but as soon as Diana stepped in front the wailing was reduced to a kind cooing.16

The next flew weeks flew by. Harry's hearing was a success, and the kids spent most of their time cleaning the house and talking about Hogwarts and current events. Diana and Mrs. Weasley had made up and left all bad blood behind them, Ron and Hermione were made Prefects (Diana knew it had really irked Harry at the time), and she had finally been registered in the Ministry's Statute of Secrecy so she couldn't use her wand anymore.386

Everything had been worked out. When the others were to leave for the train station, she was to use the Floo network to get to Dumbledore's office. Dumbledore had made it very clear that she was not going to be a student; she was too important, too smart, and too valuable to spend her time doing such mundane things as learning (in her opinion) and it helped that she already had more intelligence and wits than most fully-grown wizards.241

She was to stay at Hogwarts under watch of Dumbledore. She was to be on call for the Order, fulfilling any needs or purposes that they might have arise. She was to not cause trouble, and to observe students for anything out of the ordinary.50

"What about that Umbridge woman? The one that the Ministry sent to invade the school?" she had asked Dumbledore a week before, as she sat fiddling with a bizarre device in his office.171

"Leave it to me. You will not have to worry about her as long as I'm around," Dumbledore assured her, watching her intently. He did that a lot: he would watch her, familiarize her movements and try to understand her brain when most others couldn't. When she had first met him, he even tried using Legilimency on her. It didn't work.204

The day had finally come; it was September the first. There was much panic and commotion as everyone tried to get all of their things organized and packed, and Mrs. Weasley was heard many times yelling at the twins for nearly killing someone.79

Diana sat in the kitchen, watching idly as people filed in and out for various reasons, waving a quick hello to her before exiting once more. Sirius came and sat beside her quickly, stretching his legs beneath the table and sighing loudly. The kitchen was empty for the first time this morning, and he took a moment before speaking.7

"I need you to look after Harry," he started quickly, as if she might oppose. "I'm worried about him. He's going to get frustrated from all of the lack of information. I need you to watch him, make sure he doesn't lose his temper."193

She nodded. "I was thinking the same thing." She, as Dumbledore had to her, had taken to watching Harry for pure informational purposes. The raven-haired boy intrigued her; to her, he was a case study ready to be observed.113

He looked at his hands before he said something else. "He's so much like James that way. He gets so frustrated," he said, chuckling slightly at a memory only he knew of.235

Diana smiled slightly. A pained one, one filled with regret and sadness and guilt. After all, her father had been the one who had taken James from his best friend.42

"I've seen pictures. Of James and Lily, I mean. Harry looks just like him," she said.5

"But he has her eyes," Sirius finished. Diana could sense Sirius just wasn't emotionally capable of continuing the conversation, so she didn't press. They sat in a companionable silence until it was interrupted.110

Mrs. Weasley came bustling in, positively distraught with frustration. Diana sensed it was like this every year on September first. "Good morning, dear," she said breathlessly, adding more toast to the existing platter with her wand. "You should probably get ready to leave for Hogwarts. We'll be leaving for the train soon."29

Diana smiled lightly and stood up, Sirius following her lead, and they hugged tightly before she left to go find Remus and some of the others so she could say goodbye.181

She found Remus by the door. "Are you leaving?" he asked her. She nodded and they hugged. "Don't worry," he said after they pulled away. "We'll be in touch. I'd imagine we'll be seeing you often for Order meetings and whatnot."336

"I hope so," she said. "As much as I hate to admit it, I've grown to actually like you people." They both grinned and she set off again, finding Tonks and Mad-Eye near the stairs.56

She hugged Tonks and saluted Mad-Eye, who saluted back. As weird as it is, the fierce and neurotic Alastor Moody had grown to actually enjoy the company of the strong girl. She walked back to the kitchen, and straight to the fireplace.183

She saw most of the kids were eating at the table. She picked up the powder, and before stepping into the flames, she called out to them. "See you on the flip side, suckers!"498

Ever since Diana had been whisked away from the hospital by Dumbledore a few months ago, she had been changing in a way that made her slightly uncomfortable. She had grown to care for people, in ways she had never expected. For the first time in her life, she had a proper family that she enjoyed being around. She had friends.16

They were much better than that damned family she had before.29

She was not used to being sentimental. She was used to being the cold and emotionless girl everyone had known her as. She was used to being merely her father's daughter.42

She was growing soft. She didn't really know if she liked it.196

She tossed the powder in the flame, and was taken away to the mighty Hogwarts castle.3

••22

She arrived in no time, landing in the familiar Headmaster's office and she saw him reading some papers at his desk.10

"Good morning, Diana," he said jovially, his eyes twinkling. "I trust you've been well?" 5

"Of course," she said, stepping out and brushing herself off. Minerva McGonagall stepped into view, her hair in her usual tight bun. She looked much more rigid than the times this summer Diana had seen her. Most likely in anticipation of students later this evening.46

"Minerva, will you show Diana to her bedroom?" asked Dumbledore. He was examining papers, and halted quickly and looked up to ask the question.114

"Of course," she said, and she gestured for the girl to follow her out of the office and into the corridor.14

Diana smiled lightly. She enjoyed the company of Minerva McGonagall.224

They reached the corridor and she followed Minerva as she turned to the left. "How have you been, Diana?" she asked politely. That was always one of the reasons Diana liked her so much: Minerva treated her with only respect and kindness, no matter her parentage.92

She shrugged. "Alright. I guess as good as you can be during a war."22

Minerva nodded in understanding. They turned onto a dark corridor and the Professor stopped in front of a mirror.15

It was a nice mirror, with silver edges and a spotless face. She looked at herself through it, noticing for the first time just how much healthier she looked. She looked much better fed, with a fuller face and shinier hair. Her eyes were brighter as well. In her opinion, she looked much less dead than she used to.116

McGonagall placed the flat of her palm on the mirror. After a moment, around her hand grew a faint blew light, outlining her palm and fingers and growing brighter by the second. All of a sudden, there was a satisfying click, and the door swung inward to reveal a brightly lit and small corridor. The corridor was no wider than four feet; in fact it was much more of a tiny walkway than a fully-fledged corridor. There was a door at the end, nearly seven feet ahead. Minerva swiftly walked down the hall to the strong oak door, with swirls and inscriptions of unfamiliar hieroglyphs. Minerva turned the brass knob and the door swung open.88

The next morning, Diana awoke from her nightmare with a start. Her forehead was drenched in a glistening sheen of sweat, her hair sticking uncomfortably to her neck and face. Her hand had a slight tremor as well as she showered and dressed for the morning to come, and she struggled with her trembling fingers as she set her hair in a simple plait down her back.116

She set off down the winding and twisting corridors towards the Dining Hall for breakfast. She decided this morning she would sit with her friends at the Gryffindor table. She was hoping to be introduced to some of the students she had seen in her dreams, for she thought it appropriate that she at least knew the names of those who will become important.3

She walked in, and as expected the hall hushed immediately and eyes turned to look at her, but she paid no mind as she walked directly to the Gryffindor table and towards the others.21

"Hello," she said, with as much stability as she could muster after her difficult morning.1

"Hello, Diana!" Hermione chirped happily, obviously enjoying the thought of starting classes today.28

She got a chorus of happy 'hellos' from the others, though Harry's seemed a little halfhearted. His hands trembled slightly like hers and his hand would rub his scar every few seconds. It looked like she wasn't the only one with nightmares.126

They talked for a little while as they ate, and McGonagall passed out everyone's schedules. Diana ignored the commotion of the handing out of schedules, and instead focused her eyes on the Umbridge woman at the front. She, like yesterday, wore various shades of pink a wore a sickly-sweet smile on her face that didn't fool anyone.90

Umbridge caught her eye and smiled a deviously evil smile. Her eyes narrowed to slits and her tar- colored eyes gleamed with a malevolence that set Diana on edge. There was something behind her eyes, too; a disgusting feeling of superiority, like she knew something that Diana wished she didn't.14

Umbridge recognized her. She knew.778

She tuned back into the conversation at hand, and Fred, George, Harry, Ron, and Hermione were talking about a joke shop the twins were thinking of starting.1

"You guys should do it!" she said, ignoring Hermione's protests. "We're going to need some fun for what's to come."61

They furrowed their eyebrows at her, but before they could ask what she meant, breakfast had ended and people started filing out of the room. The twins bade them a goodbye and Diana stood and started walking with Harry, Ron, and Hermione.2

"When do you have Defense Against the Dark Arts?" she asked them, ignoring the stares of nosy students.1

"We have it last today. Why?" said Hermione, and they proceeded pushing through crowds to whatever class the three had first.3

She shrugged, fiddling with her necklace. "Thinking about stopping by. There's something about Umbridge that doesn't feel right. Of course, apart from being Fudge's second-in-command."29

"You're telling me," quipped Ron. "I swear she looks like a bloody toad."215

She snickered quietly, and they eventually parted ways when they arrived at the classroom. The walls were by now nearly deserted, with a few straggling first-years and uncaring sixth and seventh years.1

She had time to kill until the lesson with Umbridge. She wandered along the empty halls freely, taking her time to examine each peculiar portrait and crevice she came across. She wasn't really paying much mind as she wandered until she came across an odd blonde girl in the middle of the hall. She walked a little closer and she finally recognized her.113

Luna Lovegood stood dreamily, staring at something on the ceiling. Her wand lay clenched in her hand and her book bag was abandoned against the wall.95

"Luna?" Diana asked lightly, watching as the girl's head swiveled slowly to look at her, her gigantic blue eyes staring.2

"Oh, hello," Luna said dreamily, her eyes turning back to look at the ceiling. "You're Diana aren't you? Harry Potter and his friends talked about you on the train." Her voice was light and airy, as if her mind was in a different world and she was only half-present in reality.175

Diana was puzzled slightly, as to why they were talking about her on the train, but bit back any questions about it. "Are you alright?" she asked, turning her head to look where Luna was looking.2

High on one of the ceiling rafters was a pair of bright red sneakers, swaying idly in the drafty corridor.  21

"Oh, it's alright. Just the nargles. They do this sometimes," she said normally, as if what she just said wasn't completely insane.84

Although, who was Diana to judge someone on a topic like insanity?71

"Can't you get them down?" she asked, puzzled as to why the shoes were still dangling while Luna had her wand already in her hand.1

"The nargles must have put a peculiar enchantment on them," she said. "I tried a few spells to get them down, but they won't come.26

Diana, who was familiar with the jinx that made them stay there even when being Summoned, waved her wand once and the came flying limply to her hand. She handed them to Luna.3

"You're very kind," said Luna in her airily high-pitched voice. "Thank you very much!"292

And with that, Luna skipped off down the hall and around the corner.2

Diana shook her head, trying to make sense of the strange encounter she had just had. She knew Luna was unusual, but she didn't know to what degree.2

Nonetheless, Diana already knew that she liked the girl.92

"Diana."301

She nearly stumbled to the ground, her head whipping around to find the source of the noise. The sound of her heavy footfalls due to trying to regain her balance echoed freely in the deserted corridor, her mind reeling over what she had just heard.3

She knew that voice. She hadn't heard it for a long while, and had even forgotten about it since the day she talked to Dumbledore about it a few days after her departure from the hospital. The voice bounced around in her mind, echoing and repeating until Diana clutched her head.27

Her mind was very fragile, she had come to find. Any large disturbance set her head off, causing throbbing headaches and a constricted throat.2

She had also come to find that the more power her father holds, the more often it happens.1

"Hello, Diana."117

There it was again. The same woman, the same loving tone, the same tender inflection. For so long, this voice one of the only comforts she had while locked up. It was the closest thing she had had to a friend at the time. Now it was just a nuisance, a painful reminder of her insanity. She had gotten so used to feeling normal while around her new family. She was so used to feeling like a real human being, and the voice was just a reminder that she wasn't. It reminded her that she was more damaged than she sometimes realizes.159

"Where have you been?" she hissed to the voice, lowering her voice in case of any prying ears. She looked her around, her hair slapping her face as her head whipped around, looking for anyone who could listen. Some of the portraits were looking at her like she had grown another head, but some snoozed loudly and paid no mind to her apparent outburst.43

The Order of the Phoenix sat around the kitchen table of Number 12, Grimmauld Place, with Dumbledore at the head of the table, and the rest seated or standing, sipping on the tea Molly had made. Everyone was present (except for Snape and McGonagall, who couldn't leave Hogwarts) and squished together in the tiny kitchen.58

Diana sat quietly, watching the conversation, not contributing much because, frankly, she didn't really have much to say. She was tired, for her nightmares had started to intrude into her every day life. Not only were they keeping her up at night or waking her up in a fit of anxiety and fear, ordinary or every day things reminded her of her nightmares. Any Slytherin badge made her fingers twitch, for they reminded her of the snake. The armored knights in the hallways reminded her of the Death Eaters. Every time she looked at Harry, a volt of nerves shot up her spine, for he invaded her dreams the most.60

"We think Sturgis has been Imperio'd by You-Know-Who," said Mad-Eye gruffly, sipping almost delicately from his girly china teacup, "first, he didn't show up to bring Harry to King's Cross, and now he tried to break into the Department of Mysteries. He's getting six months in Azkaban."52

"I heard," said Kingsley, his voice loud and deep, "the Auror office isn't allowed to look into it." Tonks scoffed, obviously extremely annoyed at the Ministry. "They won't let anyone investigate."2

"He didn't even give a defense either," added Mr. Weasley, who was sitting next to his wife with his hand over hers. "He refused to speak in his own defense, so they had no choice but to ship him off to Azkaban."18

There was brief silence in which everyone mourned Sturgis Podmore.3

"It's strange, isn't it," said Diana slowly, speaking for the first time that night. Everyone looked at her, almost as if they forgot she was there. "I mean, why him? If they wanted to get in, don't you think they'd just put one of the Unspeakables under the Imperious curse? Wouldn't that be easier?"3

"Are you saying you think they might know he's in the Order?" asked Mrs. Weasley gravely, her hand placed on her cheek.4

Diana shrugged. "I don't know. Either it was a crime of opportunity, a stupid plan that was destined to go wrong, or they know explicitly that he's a member."1

Dumbledore nodded. "That's a good point. Kingsley, Alastor, Tonks, will you guys look into it in the Auror office or ask any contacts in the Department of Mysteries you may have? See if anyone knows anything?"164

The three nodded, Alastor raising his teacup in assent with a grunt.1

"Diana, have you noticed anything strange with Harry?" asked Dumbledore, ticking the last conversation off of the list of things to be discussed. 1

"His scar has been hurting him lately," she started, and Sirius nodded.67

"I got a letter from him recently, and he told me that his scar was hurting more often. Also told me a little of the nightmares he's been having," Sirius added, gaining a nod from Dumbledore.1

"I noticed he's been having nightmares as well," she said. "I also..." she hesitated, choosing her words carefully. "He's been growing frustrated, Dumbledore, that you won't talk to him, or even look at him. He thinks he's done something wrong. He's frustrated no one will tell him anything." She looked around the room, at everyone who looked to be listening intently. "I think he'll do something stupid."279

She met Dumbledore's gaze. It was full of despair and sadness. "We've been over this," he said lightly, looking around the room. "He's too far connected with Voldemort. If he knew of any of our plans, and Voldemort found out about the connection, it would ruin everything. We simply cannot risk it."63

She nodded. She did understand; he made a fair point and it made sense, for it was just too dangerous. Something in her, though, told her this wasn't a situation that they could handle like this; Harry was angry and fragile, and one thing to set him off would create a cataclysmic explosion, and it would create even more problems for the Order.75

"Did you hear about what happened in Harry's detention?" she asked. Everyone, even Dumbledore, furrowed their eyebrows, shaking their heads. Her eyes widened and her eyebrows shot up. "You haven't heard about this?"15

"What happened?" Dumbledore asked, his voice laced with apprehensiveness.1

She hesitated. Was it her place to tell them, if Harry didn't want them to know? "Umbridge made him write lines, but the pen she made him do it with was...special," she started, still hesitant about telling them.43

"Special how?" said Dumbledore slowly.2

"It carved the lines he was forced to write into his skin," she said, and an outraged cry came from everyone in the room. 3

"WHAT?" Sirius roared, his chair tipping over in the process.336

"That foul woman!" Mrs. Weasley screamed, slamming her fist on the table.119

"Dumbledore, you have to do something!" Sirius yelled, his face red with anger. 15

Dumbledore seemed to be thinking hard, as if he was having an argument with himself in his mind. "I'll handle it," was all he said, but his eyes contained a dark anger for the woman that he seemed to be restraining.4

"You'll handle it? What the---"195

He held a hand up to Sirius, who reluctantly silenced himself and forcefully picked up his chair and sat down. He glared at Dumbledore, but Diana knew deep down that he understood.21

Dumbledore was in a tight spot. The Ministry was all over him, and there was nothing he could say or do to get Umbridge to stop this. He can't go to Fudge, because he would only take Umbridge's side, and he couldn't confront Umbridge because she would just go to Fudge. What could he do that wouldn't come back on him or the Order?18

"They're also thinking of starting a...club," Diana added, not giving too much detail for if the club was found out, it would come straight back to Dumbledore. It was best if he knew as little as possible.1

He nodded. "I suspected as much. Do help them, will you? They'll need it." She nodded in silent agreement, and the meeting was dismissed, and she Floo'd back to Hogwarts and straight to bed, where she fell into a deep sleep plagued once again with vicious nightmares of Harry Potter and her father.93

+++138

She was running late, once again, as she rushed up the stone path to the small village of Hogsmeade, where she was supposed to be in the Hog's Head ten minutes earlier. She finally reached the door, out of breath, and yanked it open. Inside was a gigantic crowd of students, with a few stragglers who looked extremely displeased by the noise they were making.1

"Sorry I'm late," she breathed, her hands on her knees.45

"No worries, we were just going to start," said Ron, who was bringing chair around so everyone could sit.53

Diana took a seat next to Ron, Hermione, and Harry, facing the large group. The twins were there, with Lee Jordan. Neville, Luna, Dean, and Parvati and Padma Patil sat in a small group, and Cho and one of her friends who Diana didn't recognize sat on the far left. Katie Bell, Alicia Spinnet, and Angelina Johnson sat near the front, and there was Colin and Dennis Creevey, Ernie Macmillan, Justin Finch-Fletchley, Hannah Abbott, and a Hufflepuff girl with a long plait down her back. There was Michael Corner, Terry Boot, and Anthony Goldstein, and Ginny and a Hufflepuff boy who Diana knew was on the Hufflepuff Quidditch team. All of them had butterbeers in hand and sipped idly as they expectantly waited for any of the four to start talking.164

Diana had been slipping. She noticed it sometimes in passing; she was just a tad bit angrier and a little bit sadder. She didn't laugh as hard at things. The world just seemed darker, like someone had flipped a switch off. Just the other day, she had passed a mirror in her bedroom and she could've sworn her eyes were a blood red for a mere second.264

She was much more irritable, too. It was something she noticed increasingly in Harry, and often they were caught gazing at the breakfast table hardly, not listening to conversations or being just generally off.67

Diana would sit day after day on a windowsill in a far-off and unused corridor, just contemplating her life, and her future. It only made her sadder to think about such things, but she really couldn't help it. Today, she thought about her father. She wondered what he was really like as a teenager; she tried to put herself in his shoes at her age. It honestly made sense to her, the way he thought. Of course, she didn't think the same way he did, but it didn't mean she couldn't empathize with him in a way most people couldn't. It made sense that he turned out the way he did: a heartless, bloodthirsty, animalistic sub-human. He was conceived under a love potion, which made him seceptible to such traits. He had grown up unwanted and unloved, with a gigantic ego that was only inflated by his superiority. He was in an orphanage with ordinary muggles, and he was already arrogant. It wasn't a surprise that his extraordinary gift only fed his inflated sense of self until he turned bad.146

She sometimes saw him in herself. She'll catch herself thinking things that she really shouldn't be thinking, or sometimes there'll be a voice in her head that sounds like hers but is saying things that she would never say in a million years. It was like sometimes she had two sides, battling endlessly for dominance: the side that made her belong in the Order, and the side that was much too similar to Tom Riddle.100

If Tom was so heartless, how is it that he could've been the father of a child? Who would possibly feel any kind of love towards Tom Riddle, a love that could break him down enough to have a child? It was bizarre to her, to think that there was someone who broke down his walls; someone who loved him, someone who was amazing enough to be loved by such a man.589

Diana didn't know anything about her mother. She assumed from small snippets of conversation that she had accidentally overheard between Dumbledore and the portrait of the late Headmaster Dippet, that they both knew her, which means that she must have gone to school with Tom. Diana liked to think that her mother was the most beautiful woman in the world, extraordinary enough to catch the attention of the illusive Tom Riddle, but another side of her wondered: What kind of person fell in love with a man like Tom Riddle?799

She looked towards the nearest clock, and she immediately jumped out of her perch on the windowsill and started towards the Room of Requirement on the seventh floor. She got there quickly, using some secret passages she found when she would go exploring.4

She paced three times in front of the blank wall, noticing that everyone would already be there. The large door appeared, and she yanked it open and quickly walked to Harry, Ron, and Hermione.1

"Where have you been?" hissed Hermione quietly.11

"Sorry, I, uh, got distracted," she said, staring at the copious selection of books on the shelves.7

Hermione motioned for Diana to start, for they had all made a silent agreement that Diana was obviously the best speaker in front of a large group.3

"This is the place I was talking about, the Room of Requirement."2

"It's fantastic!" Cho interrupted, and everyone muttered small agreements.267

"It's bizzare," said Fred, frowning at the walls. "We once hid from Filch in here, remember, George? But it was just a broom cupboard then..."52

Dean asked about the all of the bizarre instruments lining the wall.1

"Dark Detectors," said Diana at once. "They can tell you when Dark wizards are around, but they can sometimes be faulty."47

Diana glanced at a Foe-Glass. She saw her face swirl in the Glass until it was distinctly recognizable, with eyes the color of crimson.63

"I think we ought to elect a leader," Hermione said. 1

"Harry's leader," said Cho at once. Diana rolled her eyes.694

"Harry and Diana," said the twins at the same time, and everyone muttered agreements. 255

Everyone voted on it, and every single person voted for Harry and Diana (even Cho, albeit reluctantly.)79

"I also think we ought to have a name," said Hermione. "It would promote a feeling of team spirit and unity, don't you think?"1

People spewed out a few different names. It wasn't until Ginny gave a suggestion that Diana was thoroughly excited.5

"Yeah, the D.A.'s good," Ginny responded to someone. "Only let's make it stand for Dumbledore's Army because that's the Ministry's worst fear, isn't it?"111

"You're a genius," Diana said, and they grinned at each other. Everyone once again voted, and majority won for Dumbledore's Army. Hermione wrote the new name up at the top of the list of all participants.83

"Right," said Harry finally, relieved he could actually talk without getting interrupted. "Shall we get practicing then? I was thinking, the first thing we should do is Expelliarmus, you know, the Disarming Charm. I know it's pretty basic but I've found it really useful—"35

"Oh please," interrupted Zacharias. "I don't think Expelliarmus is exactly going to help us against You-Know-Who."345

"Harry used it against him last year," Diana said, which shut Zacharias right up. Diana had a dream, the day of the Triwizard Tournament, revealing what was going to happen that night. She remembered how she screamed at the nurses, telling them that a boy was going to be killed by the newly-risen Voldemort. They didn't listen.341

Harry looked at her with his eyebrows furrowed. "How did you know that?" he asked quietly. She froze, and merely shook her head, hoping that he would just drop it.450

Harry pried his eyes away from her. "I reckon we should all divide into pairs and practice."1

They all did. Neville had to work with Ron and Hermione, for he had no partner. They practiced for awhile, until even Neville could do it. Harry and Diana walked around, giving critiques and advice to anyone who needed it. They started over many times, and even by now Harry had a whistle that he blew to get everyone's attention. 92

Eventually, it was over, and people started filing out. It was just the usual four left, and they cleaned up the room.+

Before Hermione filed out after Ron and Harry, Diana pulled her aside.+

"Have you noticed anything off about Harry?" Diana asked her. Hermione glanced around, as if making sure there was no one around.+

She nodded. "He seems much more distant lately, I've noticed. I think his nightmares have been getting worse."+

Diana sighed, upping circles onto her temple. "Can you look out for him?" She asked Hermione. "During classes and such when I'm not there."67

Hermione smiled lightly and nodded. They, too, left the room and caught up to an unsuspecting Harry and Ron.42

Something was off.297

Diana had seen this place in her dreams. The obsidian walls, the glowing blue orbs. She knew all about the place, even long before she was inducted into the Order, and even long before she had found out about the Prophecy.78

Here she stood, the cold of the black stone chilling her bare feet. She recognized the same aisles, the same spherical glass balls. She wondered if she could find her prophecy among the giant aisles. She took a step, but instead of appearing one step in front of her previous spot, she appeared in a black-stoned corridor.2

The same black stone as the Department of Mysteries. In fact, it looked to be the corridor leading to the Department. A mop of red hair stood out in front of her, sitting against the door leading to the Department. She recognized him as Mr. Weasley immediately, but her eyes caught on something slithering down the hall towards her.6

A large snake passed Diana, paying her no mind as it dragged its large body down the hall. It approached Mr. Weasley quickly, and immediately it lashed its jaws out at him, biting him, causing a large spray of arterial blood to fan across the wall. It kept clamping its jaw onto Mr. Weasley, and Diana screamed. It was a loud, wailing scream that she thought would even wake the Hogwarts castle all the way in Scotland. 93

Her vision swirled. When it cleared, she next found herself in a black expanse of nothingness. For as far as she could see, it was just pure, undiluted darkness, until a figure appeared in front of her.14

The hairs on the back of her neck bristled. She tensed, sensing the atmosphere of the place turning darker. Colder.2

"My, my, look at how you've grown," taunted the man. She couldn't see his face, but she knew who it was. He wore an all-black suit, his hair perfectly neat and done. He was tall, and his sheer presence set her on edge.311

He turned around. Tom Riddle stood, in a form much too young for his age. The Voldemort she knew now was gray and snake-like, but this Tom Riddle before her was youthful, and handsome, a devilish smirk playing on his lips. The only thing that wasn't normal about his face, though, was the way his eyes shone a blood red, glinting maliciously in the darkness. "Little Diana, out of her prison."420

"You were the one who put me there," she growled, but his smirk was unwavering. His charm and confidence was something she suspected he had much of when he was younger. Now, he just doesn't even need it.+

All of a sudden, he furrowed his eyebrows. His eyes turned from red to a dark, mysterious brown. He looked slightly more boyish without the snake eyes, and if she dared, she thought he looked slightly innocent. "You remind me of your mother," he murmured, his eyes looking at something that wasn't there. "And I'll always hate you for making me think of her."601

Her vision swirled again, and she awoke in a familiar office. Her senses were on overload as she started hyperventilating, her eyes snapping open and taking in her surroundings. Everything was much too bright and much too loud and she could almost feel the air around her and people tried to snap her out of her panic. Tears streamed freely down her face and a pair of hands clamped down on her shoulder.+

Albus Dumbledore tried shaking her back to reality, his voice hard and demanding as he tried everything he could to make her better.32

"Mr. Weasley," she choked, but Dumbledore immediately stopped her.+

"He's on his way to the hospital right now."+

She nodded and slowly calmed her breathing. She peered around her, taking in the various faces around the room. All of the Weasleys stared back at her, with Harry next to him. All had various looks of shock and worry and confusion, and Diana looked away.44

"It was him," she said in a manic whisper, her eyes darted around the room, and the faces. Her eyes landed on the portrait of Headmaster Dippet, who looked at her with a strange expression. "I saw him, I-I talked to him."+

Dumbledore's expression morphed. She couldn't read him very well, but something swirled in his light eyes that was a little unsettling. Almost scary.+

Something in her mind clicked. In just a single moment, her mind revealed to her that Harry was the snake. It was like a curtain had been purposefully pulled back by someone, and she immediately understood.+

"Harry...snake," she whispered, not quite being able to comprehend what was happening.37

"I know. He had a nightmare and woke up screaming just like you did. You were both brought here at the same time, though he was awake before you."3

All of a sudden, a flash of light in the middle of the room caught everyone's attention. A single golden feather floated to the floor, and Dumbledore straightened, turning his gaze to the students in the room.2

"It's Fawkes's warning," he said. "She must know you're out of your beds...Minerva, go and head her off—tell her any story—"7

She didn't need to be told twice, so she swept out of the room to head off Umbridge.+

Phineas appeared in his frame, an agonizingly bored look on his face. "He says he'll be delighted. My great-great-grandson has always had an odd taste in house guests..."207

Dumbledore arranged a portkey for the teenagers. Diana made her way to put her hand on the blackened kettle, but her hand was pulled back by Dumbledore and he gestured for her to stay. The others looked towards her, but she just smiled lightly.2

"It's okay," she said, "I'll be there soon."1

Next moment, they were gone.1

Dumbledore took a seat at his desk, as did she, and he laced his hands with an expression of concentration. "I need to know what you saw."+

And she told him everything. She told him how she watched the snake attack Mr. Weasley, and how she knew Harry had the same dream in the point of view of the snake. She told him how she talked to her father, in the form of a young man again, and how his eyes gleamed scarlet and how all of a sudden, he showed an emotion she never knew he was capable. He showed sadness and love. He showed agony.188

Dumbledore listened intently to everything, not daring to interrupt for if she stopped talking in the middle they both knew she was going to break down. Dumbledore's eyebrows furrowed at the part about Tom's sudden vulnerability.1

"He mentioned your mother?" he asked intently, as if he knew something but wasn't telling her.1

She nodded, much too tired to question what he was hiding. "He said, 'you remind of your mother, and I'll always hate you for making me think of her.'"163

Dumbledore stayed silent, turning in his chair and making brief eye contact with the portrait of Headmaster Dippet. He turned back to her, but still didn't speak.11

"Please," she pleaded in a mere whisper, tears flowing freely down her cheeks and her hands trembling. She looked so pitifully broken, so horribly vulnerable that Dumbledore noted this is the first time he had ever seen her like this. In fact, he sometimes even wondered if she was even capable of feeling these things. "I can't live like this anymore."401

He watched the girl drop her head and sob, clenching the arms of the chair so tightly her knuckles were white. Her entire body shook violently, and she was sobbing so hard her teeth chattered. She looked absolutely terrified and distressed.112

It was a gloomy night after the screaming match between Mad-Eye and Diana. Everyone had retreated quietly to their rooms, including Diana, until she heard a loud thunk from Harry's room.229

She knocked on his door quietly, and there was loud bustling until it was yanked open. He stood in front of her, looking absolutely distraught and anxious. She walked in and he closed the door behind her, and she took a seat on his bed. 9

"I listened to Mrs. Weasley, Tonks, and Mad-Eye talking to Mr. Weasley today," he started, not entirely sure why he was telling her this. He hadn't even told Ron or Hermione yet. "They...they said he was possessing me." His voice cracked at the end and he practically slumped down to the ground, his back against the bed frame. She slid down until they were sitting on the floor shoulder to shoulder. "I wanted to leave," he said, glancing at the empty portrait of Phineas Nigellus on the wall beside them. "I wanted to leave because what if something happened to any of you because of me? What if anyone got hurt?"46

In that moment, Diana really wanted to tell him about her father. She thought that maybe he'd be the only person who could ever understand. She wanted to tell him that she lives in fear every day that her father will come and take everything away from her.112

"And do you want to know what Dumbledore said? He just said 'stay where you are.' He didn't say anything else. I hate this, you know? I hate having to live like this. I didn't ask for this." His voice had dropped to a pained whisper, his eyes trained on the dirty and scratched wood below them. "Why won't anyone tell me anything?"67

Diana stayed silent. She didn't know what to say. She yearned to tell him about her, to tell him everything that he wants to know, for she knows what it's like to be kept in the dark. She knows what it's like to want to help but not know how. She grabbed his hand gently, knowing that this was the only way she could comfort him without giving anything away.131

"I keep dreaming about this corridor," he continued. The words seemed to be flowing out of him in a steady stream, words that he had kept in for so long seemed to be spilling out of him quickly. "It leads to a door. Almost every night I have this dream."5

She tensed for a moment. She had suspected he dreamed of the Department of Mysteries, for she did as well and Voldemort is so determined on getting in that it isn't a surprise Harry could feel his determination.+

"I know what it's like," she said quietly. "I know what it's like to constantly be told you're important but not know why, or how you could help. It's bloody frustrating, isn't it?"1

He just stared at her. "How is it that I've known you for almost half a year and I still don't even know your last name? How is it that I know nothing about you?"210

She almost told him. She really did. She had even opened her mouth to answer, but the words died in her throat.1

"They talked about you, too. In St. Mungo's. Mad-Eye sounded like he was ready to kill you, but Mrs. Weasley and Tonks kept saying things like 'can you blame her?' And they talked about your father. Who they hell are you, Diana?"503

He didn't really sound angry. If anything, he sounded absolutely exhausted and he even gripped her hand tighter, as if he could squeeze the words out of her. But he couldn't. She stayed silent, not daring to meet Harry's eyes for if she did, she didn't trust herself to stay silent. She closed her eyes, watching the world turn a warm red under her eyelids. It was comforting.15

"I can't tell you," was all she managed.1

"Why not?"25

"Because you'll hate me if you knew."197

He just furrowed his eyebrows, not letting go of her hand. "I could never hate you," he admitted delicately. She couldn't help it; her breath hitched and she felt the urge to sob right onto his shoulder, to tell him all of her secrets and have him comfort her afterwards. In a perfect world, she might've.306

But this is not a perfect world.19

"You'll hate me," she repeated mindlessly. When she said it, it was laced with such heaviness; it was like she was revealing a deep secret. It was like releasing a wave of fear but only having it brought back in the tide. In this moment, she really understood Harry on a deeper level. She could see so much of herself in him: the frustration, Voldemort, and how they would give anything to live a normal life. She knew they were so alike, and she knew they'd need each other more than ever after this. They were the only people who knew what it was like to have their lives controlled by Voldemort.45

"Before Dumbledore brought me here over the summer, I had lived at St. Mungo's for years," she said. It was unfair for Harry that he didn't know anything about her. She knew everything about him yet he didn't even know her last name.+

"St. Mungo's? Were you sick?"1

"Sort of," she said, absentmindedly running her thumb on the back of his hand. "They thought I was insane."61

"Is that why you panicked when we got to St. Mungo's?" he asked quietly, turning his gaze to the floor again.+

"Yes," she breathed. For some reason, she couldn't find it in herself to cry. She sat almost completely numb to her emotions. "They thought I killed my adopted family."+

Silence. "Did you?"74

She shook her head. "Death Eaters came one night. We were eating dinner. They blasted in the door and shot a spell at me. Next thing I know, I'm standing over my goddamn parents holding a knife and covered in blood. I was in St. Mungo's ever since."7

"You didn't like your adopted parents?" he asked curiously, noticing her tone.1

She shook her head with a look of disgust. "They were wizards. Lousy ones. He would hit me sometimes, when he was really angry, and she would spend her time completely catatonic in bed, living off of muggle pain pills. They were useless," she growled. He tightened his grip on her hand in sympathy. "There was nothing I could do. I was too young and too weak to stop it."170

"Why did the Death Eaters come?" he asked, his eyes darkening and curiosity growing. "Hadn't Voldemort disappeared by then?"1

"I honestly don't know. I think they were instructed to before he disappeared. I don't know why they did it then and not earlier, but I don't care. For as much as I hate Tom, I'm fucking glad he instructed his idiots to kill them."293

It was a slip up. She didn't mean to call him Tom in front of Harry, and judging by his furrowed eyebrows, he had noticed it. She was stupid; she knew this was a bad idea, that she was so ridiculously stupid for telling him anything.29

Harry on the other hand, was for the first time slightly frightened by her. He could see the pure rage behind her eyes, flickering like candlelight, a deep darkness swirling in her eyes like ink. There was a dangerous glint, like she was thinking things she shouldn't be thinking of. For the first time, she looked truly mean.21

"Why do you call him Tom?" he questioned.341

She didn't know how to get out of this. This was a secret she wouldn't tell him, especially so early in their friendship. So early in the war.4

She opened and closed her mouth, her mind reeling with excuses. She nearly yanked her hand out of his and jumped to her feet.18

"Wait, Diana—"34

It was too late, and she was already out of his room and in hers, and she locked the door with a satisfying click.220

•••8

She didn't come out of her room until Christmas morning. No one could coax her out. Mrs. Weasley had just taken to bringing her meals up three times a day, not even trying to get her out anymore. They had tried everything, from having each teenager come and talk to her, to nearly forcing her out when Tonks came in and tried to throw her over her shoulder. Nothing worked, so Diana went to bed on Christmas Eve in complete solitude.157

5

Diana was running, running faster than she ever thought her legs could carry her, her mind reeling with the events that had just occurred. Finally, she knew her mother's name, finally, she could ask Dumbledore questions, and finally, she was able to get some answers. She yelled the password, yanking open the door to his office, and she saw him staring idly at some papers before him.234

"Diana, what are you---"1

"Vera," she said. It was the only thing she could think of to say. "That was her name. Vera."402

That immediately caught his attention, causing him to set the papers down slowly and carefully and his eyes to train directly onto her face. "Who told you that?" he wasn't angry; at least, he didn't sound angry. +

"Severus."125

He sighed and removed his glasses, rubbing the bridge of his nose in exhaustion. "Why did he tell you that?"8

"It was during the Occlumency session. He did a demonstration on me, and before I was able to push him out, we both saw one image."1

"What was this image?"+

"My father, staring at some woman with happiness. It was strange. I asked Severus about it, and he told me her name," she rushed out. Her mind was moving really fast, and she thought if she didn't tell him this as fast as she could it would be gone the next second. He didn't say anything. "Please, Albus. I'm not like Harry. I can't live without answers like you seem to think he can. Please, I need something."25

He sighed, his eyes trained on the Pensieve. "Let me show you," he finally said, standing up with the grace of a much younger person.150

He pulled it completely out of its closet and pulled out his wand, extracting a few electric strings of memory from his temple. "You must understand that I still have secrets that I need to keep, and that nothing will change that. But, alas, this should satisfy your gnawing curiosity for the meantime."13

"Ready?" he asked gravely, his voice sounding weak. She nodded once, and they both simultaneously put their face into the liquidy gas and they delved head first into the chasm and onto solid ground.65

They landed on a solid gray concrete. A much younger Dumbledore sat across a grand oak desk from a whimsical looking woman.2

"I'm so relieved you could meet with me," she squeaked quickly. She was jumpy and paranoid, glancing around the nonthreatening room every few seconds. "I've seen many things about you and some other people that I find you'd be interested in."1

"I'd be delighted to hear it," the younger Dumbledore mused. He seemed completely oblivious to her obvious paranoia. "You tell me it is extremely pertinent?" he asked politely, as if to push the conversation along.2

"Oh, yes!" she squealed excitedly. "Very important. I have been bestowed upon with a great Prophecy from a long, long time ago. I was told to share it with you as soon as possible," she said quickly, pouring herself a glass of brandy. She offered him some, but he declined politely.5

"Who told you to tell me?" he asked, watching her sip on the alcohol gingerly.2

"I wish I knew! But I just listen to them because they're always right!" she quipped. "They told me of an old Prophecy, told by one of my ancestors to a great Wizard. And can you believe who it was to?" she nearly screeched in excitement, which seemed to make her jump in fright and slop some of the brandy down her front.1

"I'd be delighted to know."+

"Merlin!" she yelled. "That's who the Prophecy was to!"126

Young Dumbledore's eyebrows rose in curiosity. "Can you tell me what this Prophecy spoke of?"+

"A young girl and boy," she whispered dramatically. "The girl being a descendant of Merlin himself, and the boy a descendant of Slytherin. Slytherin, I say! It tells of a story of love and loss, and it tells of the downfall of the Wizarding World."397

Older Dumbledore turned to Diana and whispered, "I had not known Tom Riddle yet. This is before he was born."23

Younger Dumbledore watched the woman's ridiculous theatrics with amusement. "Do you know their names?" he asked.+

"Only their heritage," she said, shaking her head violently.+

"Can you tell me the entire Prophecy, start to finish?"+

"Of course!" she said. She opened her mouth top begin, but the image swirled to what had to be a few minutes later, to Dumbledore walking out of a tiny shack with a large sign that read: Clairella Trelawney's Palm Readings and Fortune Telling.49

"Goodbye, Mr. Dumbledore!" Clairella Trelawney called before the image swirled again and Diana found herself standing on solid black and white tile, cracked and faded from age.+

She immediately caught sight of another younger version of her Dumbledore, though he looked slightly older. It must have been around a decade after the last memory.28

"Ah, Professor Dumbledore, yes?" said a pretty woman to the left. She had a light French accent that must have faded from underuse. "You would like to meet with one of my girls?" She was quite beautiful, but she looked mean. She looked superficial and vapid, with a dark red lipstick and a flowing purple dress much too fancy for this occasion.10

"I'm here to speak with Vera Beauregard," he said formally. He held is brown tweed jacket draped over his arms and he had a brown leather briefcase in his hand.355

"Oh, such a sweet girl," she said, leading him down the hall. Both Dumbledores and Diana had the impression she didn't mean it at all.8

They reached a thin dark-wood door, and the woman pushed it open. A little girl with extremely dark hair sat on an uncomfortable-looking chair before a tiny desk, drawing something onto a ripped piece of paper. Her tights were patched at the knees and her small jumper was frayed and worn. Her face, though, held no likeness to her clothes: her skin was porcelain and her hair was long and shiny, so dark it looked inky. Her eyes were brown too, but not dark like the rest of her; they were warm and full of light, no matter how sad her clothes and cramped little bedroom looked. She turned to see who had intruded, and she scooted back slightly in her chair when she saw the woman. "You have a visitor," she hissed, much less warm and friendly than when she had been talking to Dumbledore.4

"Hello, sir," she said timidly, though she was awfully kind in the way she said it.+

"Speak to her as long as you'd like," the woman told Dumbledore. "I'll be in my office." She swept out of the room and slammed the door shut. The little girl flinched.4

"Are you Vera Beauregard?" he asked, even though he already knew who she was. He was just being courteous. The girl nodded shyly, pushing a strand of dark hair behind her ear with small hands.57

"My name is Professor Dumbledore," he introduced, looking her directly in the eye. She, surprisingly, held his gaze.5

"Professor?" she said, her mood immediately lifted at the word. "You're a professor?" she asked with a little smile, though Diana had a feeling this is the biggest smile she had produced in a while.16

"Yes," he said, more questioningly than anything.+

"Do you teach things?" she asked eagerly, nearly jumping out of her seat in restrained excitement. "What kind of things do you teach?"86

Over the next very long while, Diana had spent the entirety of her days in her room. She had descended into a complete spiral of madness, with her eyes bloodshot and closed half the time and her hands trembling when she tried to pick up a glass of water. The information that she had learned about her mother had broken her deeply.81

She only left her room for one reason. She went to the D.A. meetings, their newest one teaching if how to conjure a Patronus. She had conjured hers for the second time since the first D.A. class, and everyone had turned wary once again after seeing the large snake slither around the room. Harry, too, eyed it carefully, and when she saw the sliver of fear in his eyes she let the snake disappear in an instant. 211

As she went around correcting everyone's mistakes and giving praise to those who succeeded, Dobby ran through the large door to the Room of Requirement and ran directly to an unsuspecting Harry. 87

"Hi, Dobby," he said, but immediately he noticed the look of terror on the tiny creature's face. "What are you---What's wrong?"69

"Harry Potter, sir," he squeaked, looking around at Diana, Hermione, and Ron. "Dobby has come to warn you...but the house-elves have been warned not to tell..."16

He ran headfirst at the wall. Diana was too fast for him, though, and seized him around the middle and held him tightly as he struggled to punish himself. 2

"What happened, Dobby?" asked Harry, and Diana still held a tight grip. 4

"Harry Potter...she...she," he struggled, his eyes as round as galleons. Dobby tried to punch himself, but Diana seized both of his hands behind his back.14

"Who's 'she', Dobby?"+

All of their expressions morphed to horrified understanding. "Umbridge?" Harry pushed. Dobby nodded. +

Harry started to babble questions, but Diana cut him off. "She found out, hasn't she? She's coming?"+

Dobby nodded slowly. There was a silent moment of processing as they straightened up, staring at each other with expressions of pure terror.2

"WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR?" Harry bellowed, causing everyone to snap back to reality. "RUN!"224

Everyone pelted towards the door as they all tried to burst through at once. They scattered, some running to their dorms and others to the Owlery or library, which was much closer.+

"Harry, Diana!" Hermione shrieked from the center of the crowd of people trying to evacuate.+

Diana turned Dobby so he was facing her and Harry, and she held him at arms length. "Go to the kitchens immediately. If she asks, told her you said nothing," said Diana, and Dobby nodded forcefully. +

"And I forbid you to hurt yourself," Harry added quickly, and they dropped the elf and ran to the door, where they were some of the last out.+

"Thank you Harry Potter and Diana R-"557

"Your welcome!" Diana interrupted, and both were out of the door in a flash. 16

Diana watched as everyone was still running down the halls and around corners. The both ran to the left, hoping to make it to the nearest bathroom, but something caught them both around the ankles. They fell headfirst to the floor with a loud crash, and they both yelled out strangled cries. 9

"Trip Jinx!" Malfoy declared loudly behind them. "Hey Professor---PROFESSOR! I got two!"267

Unbridge came bustling around the corner with a maniacal grin on her face. 1

"Excellent, Draco, Excellent," she said. "Fifty points to Slytherin! I'll take them from here...stand up!"13

They both got to their feet. Harry was glaring at Umbridge and Malfoy violently, but what Diana did surprised them all.+

She laughed. She laughed really hard, with a slight glint of insanity in her eye that was very off-putting. After all, what could they possibly do to her? There was no punishment that they could serve her. Expel her? She isn't a student. Lock her up again? She'd like to see them try.218

"Shut up!" Umbridge snapped, though her eyes were unsure as she watched the girl cackle. Her laughs tapered off until she just grinned widely, her eyes full of mania. Umbridge turned to Malfoy, only taking her eyes off of Diana at the last second. "Hop along and see if you can round up any more," she said, her smile returning to her face at the thought of catching more culprits. She ordered Malfoy to check the library for anyone out of breath and anywhere else that they could be hiding. "You both can come with me to the Headmaster's office," she said, her eyes glancing at the completely joyful Diana. Harry kept glancing at her, too.69

They followed the stubby woman silently, Harry looking like a large ball of anxiety and nerves and Diana looking like she had received a large package of chocolate frogs. Umbridge said the password and they ascended the stairs and opened the door.44

The office was full of people. Dumbledore sat behind his desk, his expression serene. Minerva McGonagall stood rigidly beside him. Cornelius Fudge stood with anticipation, and when his eyes landed on Diana, she grinned wider and winked, causing him to utter a small squeak and look away, flustered. Kingsley Shacklebolt stood with a another Ministry official, and Kingsley and Diana made brief but meaningful eye contact, and Percy Weasley stood excitedly near the wall, taking what appeared to be notes. 153

All of the portraits were alert and ready for gossip, their eyes roaming and they whispered quietly to each other. 25

The door swing shut behind them. It was quiet, but the room fizzed with energy and emotion.+

"Well," said Fudge with uncontained joy and satisfaction. "Well, well, well."86

Harry glared at him, and Diana chuckled like she had heard a particularly funny joke. It annoyed Fudge quite a bit. +

"They were heading to Gryffindor tower," Umbridge said with excitement. "The Malfoy boy cornered them."+

"Did he, did he?" said Fudge appreciatively. Diana chuckled. She loved to watch him stir uncomfortably. "I must remember to tell Lucius."1

"How's Lucius doing?" Diana mused good-naturedly. "How's his tattoo on his left arm? I hear those have been very bothersome lately." She grinned so widely her cheeks hurt. She felt invigorated. This is the most joyful she had been in months. She lived to give the Ministry hell.492

Fudge spluttered. "Would you know anything about that?" he asked when he recovered, as if trying to trip her up.7

She merely grinned wider. Her eyes gleamed. "Oh yes, I would. After all, I would be the person to know Voldemort was back."+

Everyone except Dumbledore, Harry, and Kingsley flinched. Fudge grew red. "What are you admitting?" he huffed.19

She just shrugged, waving a hand passively. Fudge grew even redder and more flustered. 5

He changed to subject quickly. "I expect you both know why you're here?"+

Harry had started to say a defiant yes, but Dumbledore gave him a pointed look that only they saw. Dumbledore moved his head a fraction of an inch side to side.+

"Ye-no."105

"I beg your pardon?" said Fudge.9

"No," said Harry firmly.+

"This is very inconvenient, Cornelius!" Diana huffed annoyingly. "I was just having a nice stroll when Ferret and Toad assaulted me." Umbridge gasped, but Diana pointed a finger at Fudge and continued. "Don't think I won't be reporting this. This is a violation of my human rights!"479

"Yeh know, yeh really outta come down 'ere more often."216

Diana's head snapped up. She had forgotten where she was; she was sitting in an uncomfortable wooden chair in Hagrid's warm cabin, holding a steaming cup of tea in her hand. She was lost in thought, like she usually was, and it wasn't until Hagrid had spoken that she broke out of her reverie.2

"I haven' really had a chance to talk to yeh since I got back," he said, and she gave him a small smile.+

"I know. I've been meaning to come down, I just never got around to it." She shrugged. "How's Umbridge been treating you?"+

"She's bloody awful," he sipped his tea, "keeps makin' up lies abou' me, gettin' those idiot Slytherins to back 'er up." He chuckled. "Malfoy's gettin' on my last nerve."178

She laughed quietly. "Believe me, I know. He's driving Harry insane. Wouldn't be surprised if Harry ends up jinxing him into oblivion." Malfoy really was awful. He was taking points from Harry and other Gryffindors for no reason, exhausting his new powers under Umbridge. She knew, though, Umbridge wouldn't last long.55

"'Ave you heard from the Order?" Hagrid asked, idly petting Fang. She shook her head.5

"Not much. It's so hard to contact anyone now with Umbridge's new restrictions. Somehow, she managed to block the fireplace in my room from communication. I didn't even know she knew my room had a fireplace," she replied sadly. She was lonely. "What about you?"10

He shook his head too. "Been able to contact Olympe, but all my bloody owls are getting in'ercepted. Haven't talked to Remus or Sirius, if that's what yeh mean."42

It was dark now. She had been there for at least a few hours, talking with Hagrid about Order business and Harry and Umbridge. Hagrid was incredibly easy to talk to, for he shared most of her opinions and concerns. Hagrid had even asked her to take care of his giant half-brother if he gets fired, and she agreed.2

"I'm getting worried," she said after a long pause. She traced her index finger around the rim of her cup. Her tea was growing cold. "I'm not really sure about what specifically. I'm just worried about everything. About what's going to happen."+

He nodded sadly in agreement. "I'm too. Dark times are comin'. Can't deny it anymore."14

"I know. The world is just so much darker than it had been. It's like Voldemort has power over the sun, and he's dimmed it."14

"Bin feelin' the same way. You're a smart girl, Diana. I know you'll do it right."+

"Do what right?"+

He paused, then shrugged. "I dunno. Everything." He then raised his cup of tea. "To dark times," he said, and they tapped their mugs together, creating a dull clink.112

A commotion alerted the both of them, coming from somewhere up the path. Apparently, Fang heard the same thing because he started barking wildly. The large oak doors of Hogwarts Castle had clicked open and then shut, and a large pounding of footsteps came down the path. They could hear them come all the way down towards the hut. They sat in an apprehensive silence, and Diana slowly inched to the window through which she peered out.3

She saw Umbridge at the front of a group with about half a dozen other people. She couldn't see the others too clearly, though, as they marched up the stoop and her stubby hand rapped on the door thrice.+

Hagrid gave Diana a look, which she interpreted clearly to mean behave and he sidled over to the door and opened it.18

"Hello, Hagrid. May we come in?" she asked, though Diana had the impression that she was coming in anyway. She had a nasty smile on her face, and she walked in without a reply. The others walked in behind her, too. Diana recognized one as Dawlish, who was in Dumbledore's office the night he disappeared.22

Diana stood up, her stance rigid and ready to fight if need be. She moved her wand to her sleeve when no one watched so it would be easier to get at. She sensed danger. 3

"Diana, this is none of your business. If you'd please leave, we would like to resolve this without any trouble," Umbridge said, though it was more of a sneer than anything.2

"Like hell," she retorted. "If you want me to leave," she leaned closer, her eyes narrowing, "you'll have to make me."118

Umbridge's face didn't change, though she made no move to make Diana do anything. She merely stared for a few seconds before she turned her eyes back to Hagrid. Diana noticed Dawlish watching her warily. She winked at him, and he scowled.54

"Unfortunately, I, as Hogwarts Headmaster, have come to the decision to officially terminate you as Hogwarts Gamekeeper," she said, and Diana's eyes got darker. "Furthermore, I have instructed these men to escort you to the Ministry, where you will be evaluated on your...status..." she said. Her eyes had been reduced to slits, her lips curled over her sharp little teeth. Diana clenched her jaw tightly.65

"On what grounds?" she asked, making eye contact with everyone behind Umbridge until her eyes finally settled on the stubby woman. +

She gave a shrill little laugh, which caused everyone behind her to chuckle lowly. "Oh, dear, I didn't realize you were so dim. I am the Headmaster, now," she said with far too much joy, "and I am in close contact with the Minister, of course. I am acting on the Ministry's behalf, rightfully so—"16

"Shut up," Diana snapped, causing Umbridge's eyes to nearly pop out of her head.88

"Do not speak to me like that!" she hissed. She turned her head back to Hagrid, who was furious. "Now, if you would come with me—"40

"I'm not comin' with yeh," he growled. Some of the men behind Umbridge took a step back.31

Umbridge narrowed her eyes, and she smiled a disgusting grin. "Very well. Dawlish, will you please forcefully escort him out of this hut?" She peered around the room with disgust. Dawlish pulled out his wand. 23

"I'm warning yeh, Dawlish," Hagrid warned. Fang growled loudly.44

Dawlish sent a spell at Hagrid, but it just bounced off. Hagrid roared in fury, and in a very large commotion, pushed the other out of the way and grabbed Diana, pulling her out of the door. Everything was going so fast as six spells were shot directly at them with a loud bang, and it was a miracle that Diana was able to whip out her wand and set a barrier in front of her. She knew that with Hagrid's giant blood, he could manage on his own. 5

More and more spells were being shot and Diana and Hagrid, but Diana grinned wickedly, casting spell after spell at the lot. This was her territory, her domain. She could fight like she was born to do it, and she loved it. 63

The Stunning spells were bouncing right off of Hagrid, and he continued to roar and swing his arms at anyone who dared come close. 61

Fang tried desperately to defend Hagrid and Diana, gnashing his teeth and attempting to attack them, but someone shot a Stunning Spell at poor Fang and he fell to the ground and didn't move. Hagrid yelled and picked up the man who had Stunned Fang and threw him. The man didn't get up. 229

"Be reasonable, Hagrid!" Dawlish yelled through the fight.7

"Reasonable be damned, yeh won' take me like this, Dawlish!"31

Diana Stunned one of them, and he fell to the ground in a heap. Most of her wandwork was spent on deflecting and shielding, but it was fun. She hadn't been as exhilarated as this in years. 7

Diana Stunned another one, and another one, and her attention was pulled to the front door of the castle.4

"How dare you!" McGonagall yelled furiously, running towards Umbridge. "Leave them alone! Alone, I say! On what grounds are you attacking them? They have done nothing to warrant such—"22

"Minerva!" Diana screamed, her voice tearing through the crisp air. She heard more screams, too, which she knew were coming from the Astronomy Tower. Harry, Hermione, Ron, and the other Gryffindors were taking their Astronomy exam.85

Multiple Stunners were shot towards her, hitting her straight in the chest. She was lifted off of her feet with the force and thrown backward onto the ground.198

Diana couldn't contain it. She saw McGonagall's unmoving body on the ground and lost control. The world was moving in slow motion, and all sound had been drained until it felt like she was watching from underwater.129

She swiped her wand through the air, and a fire erupted from the tip, swirling and writhing until it had become the shape of a snake. The fire lit up the grounds in the blackened night, and she watched the reflection of her snake in Umbridge's eyes as it was sent sliding towards her and the last of her colleagues.195

"HAGRID! GET FANG AND GO!"63

The snake moved slowly, but they watched it, rooted to the spot. Her colleague tried to walk backwards, but tripped over another unconscious body on the ground.+

"Yeh'll be all alone here!" he yelled back, scooping fang. She knew what he meant. She would be the last of the Order in Hogwarts if he left and McGonagall didn't wake up.66

"GO!"2

He ran off into the Forbidden Forest with Fang in his arms, not looking back until he was at the tree line, then disappeared.7

The snake approached Umbridge, who weakly raised her wand and sent a stream of water out of the tip, but it did nothing to deter the predator.137

The snake of fire opened it's mouth and seemed to have swallowed her until it disappeared with a flick of her wand, and she saw Umbridge unconscious on the ground. She wasn't burned or harmed in any way. Diana cast one look at the last remaining Ministry official and Stunned him like the rest.1

She knew she only had about a minute before Umbridge would wake up, but it was just enough time.+

"Oi!" she yelled, loud enough for the students at the top of the Astronomy tower to hear her. "McGonagall will be okay. Get the word out that Umbridge is in full power now, but I'm going to handle it!"127

Without another word, she sprinted up to the castle and sent a Patronus to Madam Pomfrey about McGonagall, and ran to her room where she changed the password and set up a few extra security measures to the door. +

She fell asleep for the rest of the day, but this time, her dream was of Sirius Black, writhing on the floor like a wounded animal, tortured and bloodied by Lord Voldemort in the Department of Mysteries.460

+

Once, when Diana was young, she watched a rabbit get slaughtered by a stray dog. She saw it out of her window at St. Mungo's, in the park across the street. The innocent little rabbit sat lazily, munching on yellowing grass, when the dog approached from behind. It was boney and feral, with its teeth barred and hair raised. She watched it slowly stalk the rabbit from behind, inching closer and closer until it was close enough to snatch it. The rabbit was completely unsuspecting. The dog clamped it between its powerful jaws, splattering blood onto the yellowing grass and causing it to drip down the carcass of the poor animal.289

That's what Diana felt like now. She was the rabbit; Voldemort was the dog.54

She had woken up screaming. The sight of tortured Sirius was burned into her mind, and no matter how many times she blinked and no matter how many times ripped at the blankets on top of her or scratched at the skin of her arm, she couldn't get it to go away.1

Her arm bled now from the compulsive scratching. That only happened on rough nights at the hospital, and this was the first time it had happened since then. She couldn't think straight. Her usual sensible, calculating self was gone, and her mind was wiped and replaced with pure panic.23

Now, she was in her bathroom. Her hands gripped the porcelain sink so tight her knuckles were white; her entire body shook and her hair was matted to her neck and face from sweat. She knew she had to get a hold of herself. She knew that if she was to figure this out, she needed to calm down and think.30

"Think, Diana," she whispered, closing and opening her eyes until she could get a hold of the shaking and loosened her grip on the sink. "Think."13

She lifted her head to look at herself through the mirror. Something about looking at herself, seeing her eyes, being able to look at and control her facial expressions eased her slightly until her body was still and her knuckles had returned to their normal color.+

She had to think. If she was to get through this, she had to think.+

She needed to contact Dumbledore. She needed to contact anyone in the Order, but she couldn't. McGonagall had been transfered to St. Mungo's, Hagrid disappeared, she was the only one left.15

Actually, she wasn't alone. There was one person left.46

Severus Snape. Her eyes widened and before she knew it, her feet had taken her out of the bathroom and into her room.54

She was running. She didn't know what was going to happen, but all she knew was that she needed Severus. She rounded a corner, trying to find the nearest staircase, but stopped dead when she saw Ron, Ginny, Luna, and Neville being wrestled by a group of Slytherins---Malfoy at the lead--- toward Umbridge's office.+

"Oi!" she yelled, running towards the group. "What is going on?"36

A Slytherin came up behind her and grabbed her arms. She tried to wriggle out of his grasp, but he was strong, and she couldn't get her wand from her sleeve. He forcefully pushed her along with the rest towards the office, and Malfoy opened the door and pushed them in.51

Harry and Hermione were in the office, obviously caught trying to use the fireplace. "Goddamn it, Harry," she muttered. "Why didn't you come find me?"12

"I---"3

"Silence!" yelled Umbridge. "Very good job," she sneered, watching Ginny try to kick the shins of the Slytherin girl who was holding her. "Well, it looks as though Hogwarts will shortly be a Weasley-free zone, doesn't it?"109

The Slytherin's laughed, but Diana stayed silent with her eyes closed, trying to think of ways out of this. She knew what he was trying to do: he was trying to contact Grimmauld Place through the firplace, and by the look on his face, she could tell Sirius didn't answer.1

"Clearly it was very important for you to talk to somebody," said Umbridge. "Albus Dumbledore? Or the half-breed, Hagrid? I doubt it was Minerva McGonagall, I hear she is still too ill to talk to anyone..."4

Diana thrashed in the arms of the bulky Slytherin.6

"It's none of your business who I talk to," Harry snarled. Umbridge's smile tightened.15

"Very well," she said in a dangerously sweet voice, "Very well, Mr. Potter. . .I offered you the chance to tell me freely. You refused. I have no other alternative but to force you. Draco---go fetch Professor Snape."+

Draco left the room with a smirk, and Diana relaxed slightly. Severus was coming.+

Other than the struggling of Ginny, it was silent until a few minutes later the door creaked open and Snape stepped in with Malfoy trailing behind him. She watched him survey the room, his eyes hesitating on hers but eventually passing without any indication of acknowledgment, but she knew they couldn't let Umbridge get suspicious.+

"You wanted to see me, Headmistress?" he drawled boredly.48

"Ah, Professor Snape," said Umbridge. "Yes, I would like another bottle of Veritaserum, as quick as you can, please."+

"You took my last bottle to interrogate Potter," he said. "Surely you did not use it all? I told you three drops would be sufficient."19

Umbridge flushed. "You can make more, can't you?"+

"Certainly," he said. "It takes a full moon cycle to mature, so I should have it ready for you in around a month."46

"A month?" squawked Umbridge. "But I need it this evening, Snape! I have just found my Potter using my fire to communicate with a person or persons unknown!"73

"Really?" said Snape, showing the first sign of interest. His eyes flickered to Diana briefly before he turned to look directly at Harry.2

"I wish to interrogate him!" Umbridge repeated, red in the face. 4

"I have already told you that I have no further stocks of Veritaserum. Unless you wish to poison Potter, I cannot help you."16

Umbridge sputtered, her face red and any trace of a smile gone. "You are on probation! You are being deliberately unhelpful! I expected better, Lucius Malfoy always speaks most highly of you! Now get out of my office!"47

Snape turned to leave.+

"He's got Padfoot!" Harry yelled. "He's got Padfoot at the place where it's hidden!"22

Diana quickly opened her mind. She briefly made eye contact with Snape, and she immediately could feel an intruder in her mind. She let him see what she saw in the dream. Flashes of images came and left quickly into her head, and she knew he was watching it. As quickly as it came, he was out of her head and she closed it once more.85

"Padfoot!" cried Umbridge, and Diana realized that barely any time had passed at all. "What is Padfoot? Where what is hidden? What does he mean, Snape?"55

His face was impassive and unreadable. "I have no idea," he said, and marched out of the door. The door closed with a click. Umbridge looked satisfied with Snape's answer.29

"You are forcing me, Potter. . .I do not want to. . .but sometimes circumstances justify the use...I am sure the Minister will understand that I had no choice. . ."4

"The Cruciatus Curse ought to loosen your tongue."25

"You bitch!" growled Diana. She thrashed as hard as she could, trying to break free.356

"The Minister wouldn't want you to break the law!" yelled Hermione, but it was no use.+

"What Cornelius doesn't know won't hurt him." Umbridge looked hungry and evil as she gripped her wand tighter in her stubby little fingers. "He never knew I ordered Dementors after Potter last summer, but he was delighted to be given the chance to expel him, all the same. . ."79

The ride to the Department of Mysteries was agonizingly cold. Freezing wind whipped Diana's hair into her face, drying out her eyes and blowing hair into her mouth. She gripped the Thestral's neck tightly, pulling herself closer as if trying to absorb heat emanating from the creature. She was behind the rest, keeping watch and making sure no one fell. Periodically, she'd take a look behind her just in case—she knew she could never be too careful. Especially for what she's about to be getting herself into. 123

A pit of anxiety gnawed at her stomach. She knew, whether Voldemort had taken Sirius or not, something bad was awaiting them at the Ministry, and in the back of her mind, she wondered if she was even prepared.1

She knew someone would be waiting for them. Whether Sirius was even there or not, she knew this was a ploy to lure them to the Department of Mysteries, and it worked. What would be waiting for then in the darkened halls? Death Eaters? Her father?154

Eventually, all of the Thestrals started to dive headfirst to the ground—she clung tightly and closed her eyes and for what felt like years, she was free-falling on top of the Thestral until they landed roughly, causing her to get bucked off and land hard on the pavement. +

She got up slowly, flexing her muscles and stretching her back. She watched as the others stood up, too, rubbing their arms through the cold and brushing their clothes off. +

"Never again..." said Ron weakly, leaning on a wall. "Never again...that was the worst..."27

Luna asked where they were going next, and Harry led them to a red phone booth down the road. They left the Thestrals to forage for scraps in the nearby dumpsters and they all squashed themselves inside. It was an incredibly tight fit, and Diana wondered how they all even managed to fit inside. 20

"Whoever's nearest to the receiver, dial six two four four two!" Harry said, and Ron twisted his arm oddly to be able to punch in the numbers. 150

"Welcome to the Ministry of Magic. Please state your name and business."+

"Harry Potter, Ron Weasley, Hermione Granger," Diana quickly listed, "Luna Lovegood, Ginny Weasley, Neville Longbottom, and Diana. We're here to save someone, unless you idiots can do it first!" She felt odd listing only her first name, but she brushed it off. After all, it was a secret she was much too used to hiding.35

Badges for each of them appeared in the metal chute where coins usually were discharged, and they passed them out. 2

"Badges, are you bloody kidding me?" Diana muttered, fastening her badge onto her shirt more ironically than any other reason.1

"Visitors to the Ministry, you are required to submit to a search and present your wands for registration at the security desk, which is located at the far end of the Atrium."1

"Fine!" Harry said loudly. "Now can we move?"5

The floor of the telephone box shuddered and they slowly moved downwards into the ground. The Thestrals slid out of sight and they plunged below the surface in darkness. Finally, as they entered the Ministry, light emerged from the bottom and grew until they could finally see the Atrium. Diana had been here many times, but this was the first she had ever seen it so empty. They exited the telephone box and they toppled out. Their footsteps echoed annoyingly through the silent lobby, causing Diana to shush them quietly. The echo made her nervous; she was worried they would alert others to their presence if they were too loud. 1

"Come on," Harry said quietly and lead them through the deserted Atrium to the elevators, where they all clambered inside. Harry pressed a button and the golden grilles clamped shut before they lurched downward, deeper and deeper until they slowed to a stop at floor number nine. The lift was noisy, and Diana clenched her wand in her left hand tighter.32

"Department of Mysteries."9

All of them had their wands lifted as they walked out of the elevator, checking every hall they passed for lingering workers, but it was just as empty as the Atrium. The flickering of the torches caused shadows to dance along the walls, and a few times Diana stiffened, thinking one was a person. Her heart thumped loudly in her ears, but her face was kept impassive because she had the feeling that she couldn't be the one to freak out. She needed to be the one who kept it together and kept a level head, because she had the feeling no one else would be able to.13

Finally, they reached the proper corridor. Diana had dreamed about it many times, but at last, she stood at the mouth of the corridor, her eyes glued to the elusive door that she had only seen in her head. Harry stood, too, watching it, and she knew he felt the same way. 2

"Come on," she said, and they walked down the narrow hall towards the door.+

About six feet from the door, Harry stopped. "Maybe...maybe a couple of people should stay here, as a lookout—"+

"And how're we going to let you know something's coming?" asked Ginny, her eyebrows raised. "You could be miles away."29

"They need to come with, Harry," said Diana gently. His eyes settled on hers for a moment before he nodded once. The group closed the distance to the door, and Diana, who was at the front, gripped the door knob firmly and swung it open, and she led the others into a large, circular room. 5

Everything was black: the walls, the floor, the doors. Torches lining the wall burned blue, but it wasn't nearly enough light, and Diana had to squint to see until her eyes adjusted. Diana counted a dozen identical black doors. She had no idea which door was the right door, or what was waiting behind them. 22

They all peered around, trying to look for any clues that could lead them in the right direction, but all of a sudden the floor rumbled and the torches on the walls moved sideways until they were a blur; the walls were rotating. After a moment, the walls stopped moving, and everything was still once more. Diana had no idea which door was which anymore.3

"What was that all about?" Ron whispered. +

"It's to stop us from knowing which door we came through," said Diana, her eyes scanning each door. +

"Where do we go, then?" Ron asked. +

"In the dreams I went through the door at the end of the corridor from the lifts into a dark room—that's this one—and then I went into another room that sort of...glitters," Harry said hastily. "We should try a few doors. I'll know the right way when I see it."+

Everyone except Diana moved behind Harry to the door right in front of him. She stood in the middle, her eyes trained on a spot on the wall, and all she could concentrate was the bad feeling in her stomach that something bad was going to happen.5

"Diana," whispered Harry. Her head whipped towards the direction of his voice and she saw everyone crowded around an open door. She saw a bright room behind them through the opening.1

"Sorry," she said, and she moved towards them to get a better look. There were a few desks, but the oddest thing was the enormous glass tank of deep green liquid, big enough for all of them to swim in. Objects were drifting through the water. Diana narrowed her eyes. +

"Brains," she muttered as her eyes followed one float close to the glass. "They're brains."64

"Let's get out of here," said Harry. "This isn't right, we need to try another door."+

Death Eaters were appearing all around them, encircling them until they were all pressed together with their wands held tightly in their hands. They all faced outwards toward the Death Eaters, ready to attack if need be.156

"To me, Potter," Lucius Malfoy drawled, pointing to the orb in Harry's hand.+

"Don't give it to him," Diana whispered under her breath, barely audible except to the group of terrified fifth years. They were trapped. There were nearly twice as many Death Eaters, all with much more experience than any of them.2

"Where's Sirius?" Harry asked Lucius.18

Many Death Eaters laughed loudly; Diana heard Bellatrix Lestrange's loud, cackling laugh over them all. "The Dark Lord always knows!" Bellatrix shrilled.40

Lucius smiled nastily. "Always," he echoed. "Now give me the prophecy, Potter."52

"I want to know where Sirius is!"+

"I want to know where Sirius is!" mimicked Bellatrix. More Death Eaters laughed.71

"Shut up, Bellatrix!" Diana snarled.3

Bellatrix's face morphed to fury. "You vile girl! I'd kill you if the Dark Lord didn't want you alive!" The Death Eaters closed in on them, reducing the circle around them until they were only a few feet away. 80

"You've got him," Harry said. "He's here. I know he's here."+

"The little baby woke up fwightened and fort what it dweamed was twoo," Bellatrix mocked in a horrible baby voice. 123

"Don't do anything yet," Harry said. Diana barely heard him.+

Bellatrix let out a scream of laughter. "You hear him? Giving instructions to the other children as though he thinks he's fighting us!"22

"Oh, you don't know Potter as I do," said Malfoy. "He has a great weakness for heroics; the Dark Lord understands this about him. Now give me the prophecy, Potter!"+

"I know Sirius is here," Harry said desperately. "I know you've got him!"28

The Death Eaters laughed. Malfoy asked again. Harry refused. +

"Hand over the prophecy and no one need get hurt."+

Diana snorted quite ungracefully. "As if! You idiots really think I'll believe that you will just let us skip off back to Hogwarts?"21

"Accio proph—" Bellatrix shrieked. 5

"Protego!" Diana yelled, casting a shield in front of Harry. It was just in time, because the prophecy slipped to his fingertips. 13

"Oh-ho!" Bellatrix said gleefully. "Little Diana wants to play! Very well then—"30

"NO!" yelled Malfoy. "I told you no! If you smash it—!"45

Bellatrix stepped forward and removed her hood to reveal her face. It was gaunt from her years in Azkaban, worn and hollow and skull-like. Her eyes gleamed with something dark and evil, almost gleeful. +

"You need more persuasion?" she said. "Very well. Take the smallest one. Let them watch while we torture the little girl. I'll do it."+

They closed in around Ginny, and both Harry and Diana stepped in front of her. They were shoulder to shoulder directly in front of Ginny, like a shield. 103

"You hurt any of them, Harry smashes it," Diana said, looking Bellatrix right in the eyes. "And how would Voldemort feel about you lot coming to him empty handed?"6

Bellatrix did not move, but her eyes were furious. "Do not say his name!"20

"Or what? You'll kill me?" she taunted.51

"I'll do much worse than kill you!" Bellatrix warned, but Diana wasn't afraid.100

"So," said Harry, "what kind of prophecy are we talking about, anyway?"52

"What kind of prophecy?" Bellatrix repeated. "You jest, Potter!"+

"Nope, not jesting," he said. Diana's eyes flickered to each Death Eater, looking for a weak link, a way out. "How come Voldemort wants it?"5

"You dare speak his name?" Bellatrix hissed.+

"Yeah," he said. "Yeah, I've got no problem with saying Vol—"44

"Shut your mouth!" Bellatrix yelled. "You dare speak his name with your unworthy lips, you dare besmirch it with your half-blood's tongue—"+

"You know he's a half-blood," Diana interrupted. "Yeah, my grandfather was a muggle. From what I hear, he was a pretty pretentious one at that—"237

"STUPEF—"1

"NO!"13

A jet of red light erupted from Bellatrix's wand aimed at both Harry and Diana, but Malfoy deflected it, which caused it to veer to the side and smash several of the glass orbs on the shelf. Two pearly-white figures rose from the shards of broken glass, reciting a prophecy loudly.+

"DO NOT ATTACK! WE NEED THE PROPHECY!"10

"He dares—he dares—he stands there—filthy half-blood—"50

"You haven't told me what's so special about this prophecy I'm supposed to be handing over," Harry said.+

"Do not play games with us, Potter," Malfoy snarled impatiently.+

"I'm not playing games," said Harry. Diana heard a sharp intake of breath behind her; it was Hermione.20

"What?" Hermione murmured into Harry's ear. +

"Dumbledore never told you the reason you bear that scar was hidden in the bowels of the Department of Mysteries? I'm quite surprised Diana never told you—but I guess it's not too surprising: Diana likes her secrets," Malfoy sneered.5

"I—what?" said Harry, momentarily thrown off. He glanced at Diana. "What about my scar?"1

"Goddamnit, Malfoy," she muttered. "You and your son are so insufferable, did you know?"31

"What?" Hermione said more urgently behind them.+

"Can this be?" said Malfoy.+

"Smash shelves—" she heard Harry murmur.+

"Dumbledore never told you?" Malfoy repeated. "Well, this explains why you didn't come earlier, Potter, the Dark Lord wondered why—"+

Diana couldn't hear anything. She couldn't move. The world moved in slow motion. She vaguely watched Kingsley continue the fight with Bellatrix, but she couldn't look away from the spot where Sirius Black stood only moments ago. There were no tears, but there was an empty hole in her chest that had been ripped apart, compressing her lungs until she couldn't breathe and pushing her heart until she could only hear the fast rhythm thumping in her ears.86

She stood for what felt like years until she saw Kingsley get thrown backward by a spell cast by Bellatrix. She could hear everything now and everything moved fast and normal and she was running, running so fast the wind whipped her hair and people shouted at her to stop but she didn't, and she ran after Bellatrix who was already nearly to the top of the steps.+

"BELLATRIX!" she yelled, but Bellatrix just cackled in response and disappeared into the Brain Room. Diana followed her, pumping her arms as she ran, and a wave of the disgusting liquid from the tank spilled out and doused her, and brains were getting thrown at her but with a flick of her wand they were easily sent away. She could hear footsteps behind her, and she immediately knew it was Harry. They ran past Ginny then Luna then Ron then Hermione, who was still unconscious. Bellatrix was already past the circular room and into the corridor to the lifts. By the time they entered the circular room, Bellatrix had shut the door, and the walls were spinning.48

"Which one is the way out?" Harry yelled once the walls were still, and as if it was waiting for the question, a door to their right opened, and they ran out into the black-tiled corridor. Diana heard the lift clattering ahead, which meant Bellatrix was already on her way to the Atrium. They burst into one of the lifts and Diana repeatedly pushed the button marked 'Atrium' and the lift closed and they were rising.6

They forced themselves out before the grilles were fully open. Bellatrix was already near the telephone booth now and she looked back, and when she saw them, she laughed and threw a spell toward them. They took cover behind the Fountain of Magical Brethren.1

"Come out, come out, little children!" she mocked. "What did you come here for? I thought you were here to avenge my dear cousin!"14

"I am!" shouted Harry.+

"Aaaaaaaah. . .did you love him, little baby Potter?"+

Harry was furious, and Diana watched him spring up and yell, "Crucio!"62

Bellatrix screamed and was thrown to the ground, but she was not in pain. She scrambled off of the floor immediately.+

"Never used an Unforgiveable Curse, have you, Potter?" said Bellatrix. "You need to mean them! You need to really want to cause pain---to enjoy it---righteous hatred won't hurt me for long---"3

"CRUCIO!" Diana screamed, and the force knocked Bellatrix a few feet backward before she started screaming in pain, writhing on the floor. The screams echoed through the room and it gave Diana a savage satisfaction to watch her struggle against the pain. She liked it. After a few moments, Diana relented, and Bellatrix cried on the floor.350

"Get up!" Diana yelled, fury emanating off of her in waves. "You're weak! GET UP!"59

Bellatrix stood up slowly, but her face showed no pain anymore: she was furious, and her eyes were dark and angry.+

"GIVE ME THE PROPHECY!" she snarled, her body rigid and her eyes evil.11

"You didn't see my little show?" Diana taunted. By the time she had smashed it, Bellatrix was already preoccupied with Neville and then Tonks. She must not have seen it. "It's gone! I smashed it!"14

Diana heard Harry take a sharp breath a close his eyes tightly. He was in pain. "And he knows!" Harry yelled. "He knows you've failed him!"+

"What? What do you mean?" Bellatrix cried with evident fear.29

Diana laughed a nasty, maniacally gleeful laugh. "I smashed it! It's gone! He'll kill you for being so irresponsible!"1

"LIAR!" Bellatrix screamed. She tried to Summon it, but nothing happened. "No! MASTER, I TRIED---PLEASE DON'T PUNISH ME!"105

"Don't waste your breath!" Harry yelled. He was clutching his head in pain. "He can't hear you from here!"+

"Can't I?"502

It felt like the wind had been knocked out of Diana. She paled and took a step back, nearly stumbling before she was able to catch herself.40

Voldemort, his face white and snake-like, eyes a scarlet red, stood in the middle of the Atrium, his long black robes billowing. His wand was pointed toward Harry and Diana, and he had an evil little smirk plastered onto his face. He stood with a powerful confidence, and Diana matched his stance and squared her shoulders.49

"So, you smashed my prophecy?" Voldemort asked, his voice low and quiet, looking directly into Diana's narrowed eyes. "She is not lying, Bella. . .always so reckless, my daughter," he spit out the last word in disgust. "And my Death Eaters have let Harry Potter thwart me again. . ."66

"Master, I am sorry, I was fighting the Animagus Black!" sobbed Bellatrix, flinging herself toward Voldemort's feet. "Master, you should know---"32

"Be quiet Bella, I shall deal with you in a moment," Voldemort said. "Do you think I have entered the Ministry of Magic to hear your sniveling apologies?"24

There was a silence as Diana stared at Voldemort with burning hatred. "You're weak," Diana said, her voice echoing bouncing off the walls and reverberating in her eardrums. "You won't win. I'll kill you before you have the chance."78

Voldemort laughed. It was low and dangerous and completely devoid of humor, but it was taunting. It was condescending. "You cannot kill me, Diana. No one can kill me."301

She moved closer to him. Before, they were maybe ten feet away from each other, but now, they were only five.13

"I will find them," she whispered dangerously. Her eyes were dark with an unrecognizable anger, swirling with a fury she had never felt before. She was taunting him, getting under his skin to unnerve him. Only he could hear her now. "I will find the Horcruxes you so recklessly hid, and I will kill you, Tom Riddle."250

She laughed lowly, and he raised his wand in blind fury. She did nothing to stop what was next---he yelled, "AVADA KEDAVRA!" and a jet of green light shot from his wand.428

The golden statue of the wizard from the fountain sprang alive and jumped in front of her and it flung its arms out. The spell bounced off of it and Diana was safe and alive. 47

"What?" cried Voldemort, looking around. "Dumbledore!"207

Diana looked behind her. Dumbledore was standing in front of the lifts, his wand held steadily in front of him. Voldemort raised his wand and sent a jet of green light in his direction, but Dumbledore turned and disappeared. He reappeared behind Voldemort and waved his wand toward the statue, causing all of them to spring to life. The statue of the witch ran after Bellatrix, who screamed and uselessly sent spells. It dived and pinned Bellatrix to the floor. The goblin and the house-elf scuttled toward the fireplaces set along the wall, and the centaur galloped toward Voldemort who disappeared and appeared near the pool. The wizard statue protecting Diana pushed her backward toward Harry, and it shielded the both of them . Dumbledore advanced on Voldemort.33

"It was foolish to come here tonight, Tom," Dumbledore commented. "The Aurors are on their way---"36

"By which time I shall be gone, and you will be dead!" spat Voldemort. He sent another killing curse toward Dumbledore, but it missed and hit the security guard's desk, which burst into flame.73

She heard the loud crack signaling her arrival. It was dark, but she knew the sun would be rising soon. She was right in front of the door to the Hog's Head, and she reached out to grasp the doorknob and turned it--miraculously, it was open,  and the only light inside were the dozen candles lined around the room.72

Aberforth Dumbledore sat at a table in the empty room, sipping on a dark liquid in a dusty glass. When the door opened, he looked up, his eyes bloodshot and face especially worn and tired. She halted in the doorway, attempting to be polite, but she suspected Aberforth wasn't one to appreciate manners.+

Aberforth focused on her face, and after a moment, said, "Vera?" in a strangled voice that Diana had never heard from him.5

She closed the door and shortened the distance to the table he was sitting at. "No--uh--my name is Diana. Vera was my mother."33

He looked almost disappointed, and he took another sip of the liquid. "That means your father is You-Know-Who," he stated indelicately. "She never could resist that boy."85

"Yes, unfortunately, it does. May I sit?" she asked, gesturing to the chair across from him, unfazed by his last blunt statement.+

After a moment, as if deciding, he nodded once. "Don't have anything else to do."+

She sat down and took a deep breath as she knotted her fingers together. She was so tired. "I have a message from Albus. We need your help," she said.+

He scoffed loudly, slopping some of the liquid down his front. "Help? I'm not going to help you or my brother."+

She expected as much. She decided to take a new approach. "You were close with my mother?" she said after a long pause. +

He grunted once, determinedly looking anywhere but her eyes. "Vera was like a daughter to me. I cared for her ever since she was a little kid."166

Diana chewed the inside of her cheek and watched Aberforth take another long sip. "Do you know what happened to her?" she asked lightly.+

He gave an actual growl and slammed his drink on the table. "Ran off with that Riddle boy, that scum. I got a few letters from her, but I think she moved around a lot. For all I know, he probably killed her when he got bored with her."38

Diana sat still for a moment as she pondered this. She saw the pain in Aberforth's eyes, the loss. He was an old man with old sadness and it was obvious. "I need you to do something for me," she said quietly, and added, "One last favor for my mother."+

There was a silence, where he took a sip and set the glass on the table loudly and then proceeded to sit. She held her breath, awaiting his response. "What is it?" he grunted.3

She gave a relieved exhale. "There was a fight in the Department of Mysteries. Voldemort was there with his Death Eaters. Neville Longbottom's grandmother, Xeno Lovegood, and Molly and Arthur Weasley need to be told their children were involved. I need you to send a message to all of the Order as well, tell them that Voldemort was seen by Fudge. Everyone knows he's back now. Tell them about the fight at the Department of Mysteries. Tell them that Sirius Black is dead."326

He rested his forehead in his hand and sighed, a long, deep, strangled sight. "Just this once. Now go, before I change my mind," he said gruffly.+

She made her way to the door with heavy footsteps. Before she turned the knob, she turned around and said quietly, "I'm sorry. I'm so, so sorry."6

Before the door shut behind her on her way out, she could've sworn she heard, "I am, too."99

+++12

It was awhile before she arrived at Dumbledore's office. She had taken her time trudging through the brisk night air, not quite ready to confront the inevitable. 17

She took no time in knocking on the door and let herself in. Harry was fidgeting in the seat across from the Dumbledore, and when she opened the door, his eyes snapped to meet hers. She looked away and at Dumbledore, who gestured for her to take a seat beside him.1

She took a seat right next to Dumbledore and across from Harry.+

"Diana," Dumbledore said, "I'd like you to help me explain to Harry everything he needs to know. I have instructed him not to yell at us until we are finished."186

"Sounds fair," she muttered.+

Dumbledore nodded and turned again to Harry, and with a deep breath, he began. +

"Five years ago you arrived at Hogwarts, Harry, safe and whole, as I had planned and intended. Well--not quite whole. You had suffered. I knew you would when I left you on your aunt and uncle's doorstep. I knew I was condemning you to ten dark and difficult years."78

There was silence. Dumbledore continued. "You might ask--and with good reason--why it had to be so. Why could some wizarding family not have taken you in. Many would have done so more than gladly, would have been honored and delighted to raise you as their son.7

"My answer is that my priority was to keep you alive. You were in more danger than perhaps anyone but I realized. Voldemort had been vanquished hours before, but his supporters--many as terrible as he--were still at large, angry, desperate, and violent. And I had to make my decision, too, with regard to the years ahead. Did I believe that Voldemort was gone forever? No. I knew not whether it would be ten, twenty, or fifty years before he returned, but I was sure he would do so, and I was sure, too, knowing him as I have done, that he would not rest until he killed you.32

"I knew that Voldemort's knowledge of magic is perhaps more extensive than any other wizard alive. I knew that even my most complex and powerful protective spells and charms were unlikely to be invincible if he ever returned to full power.18

"But I knew, too, where Voldemort was weak. And so I made my decision. You would be protected by an ancient magic of which he knows, which he despises, and which he has always, therefore, underestimated--to his cost. I am speaking, of course, of the fact that your mother died to save you. She gave you a lingering protection he never expected, a protection that flows in your veins to this day. I put my trust, therefore, in your mother's blood. I delivered you to her sister, her only remaining relative."2

"She doesn't love me," said Harry at once. "She doesn't give a damn--"128

"But she took you, Harry," Dumbledore cut across him. "She didn't have to. She could've left you on their porch to die, but she didn't. And in doing so, she sealed that charm that was placed upon you. Your mother's sacrifice made the bond of blood the strongest shield I could give you."72

"I still don't--"+

Dumbledore interrupted him. "While you can still call home the place where your mother's blood dwells, there you cannot be touched or harmed by Voldemort. He shed her blood, but it lives on in you and her sister. Her blood became your refuge. You need return there once a year, but as long as you can still call it home, whilst you are there he cannot hurt you. Your aunt knows this. I had explained what I had done in the letter I left, with you, on her doorstep. She knows that allowing you houseroom may well have kept you alive for the past fifteen years."175

"Wait," said Harry. "Wait a moment." He sat up straighter in his chair, staring at Dumbledore. "You sent that Howler. You told her to remember--it was your voice--"+

"I thought," said Dumbledore, "that she might need reminding of the pact she had sealed by taking you. I suspected the Dementor attack might have awoken her to the dangers of having you as a surrogate son."1

Wind caressed her face softly, her cheeks tinged pink from walking and her hands shoved in the pockets of her sweatshirt. Her wand was where it always was now: the inside pocket that she had sewn into her black zip-up sweatshirt, hidden from all. It was reassuring to her to feel it against her rib cage, a vice to hold on to when she was saddest. Or when she was the most scared.2

It had been two weeks since Sirius Black died, and two weeks that she had finalized her death. She had received a letter from Harry, apologizing. He said he didn't hate her, and that he understood. He knew her loyalties would always be with the Order, and he told her that. She had written letters to Ron, Ginny, Hermione, Luna, and Neville to explain. Luna was the only one to reply so far. Luna told her that as long as Diana didn't kill her, she was alright. And that they were friends, and Luna understood. She was still awaiting letters from the others still, but she often wondered if she should even bother waiting anymore.381

She opened the door to the Hog's Head, said a hello to Aberforth and made her way up to the room she had been staying in since the night in the Department of Mysteries. The Extended bag she had gotten from Dumbledore lay completely packed on her bed, ready for any time she might need to leave in a hurry. She decided that from then on she was going to carry it with her everywhere. She could never be too safe. Not in times like these.3

The sound of fabric shifting behind her made her jump and whip out her wand in the blink of an eye. She rounded on the intruder at once, but when she saw it was only Dumbledore sitting in the tattered, moth-eaten lounge chair in the corner she dropped her arm. "I'm sorry," she said, pocketing her wand and taking a seat on the end of her bed. "You scared me. You can't sneak up on me like that."2

He chuckled and idly twisted the end of his beard around his finger. His hand had already gotten blacker since the last time she saw him a few days ago; the Gaunt ring gleamed from his ring finger in the bright light streaming in from the window. "I apologize, Diana. Next time, I'll warn you."19

"How's your hand?" she asked him. She watched him glance down at it, his face considerably more exhausted and withered since just a few weeks ago. He looked severely older than he did just a little while ago, and seeing Dumbledore so much more frail unnerved her. She didn't like seeing the invincible old man so not invincible. 11

"Never better," he joked with a chuckle. "Severus' potion is helping considerably, but I'm old. It was only a matter of time before something were to happen to me."56

The seconds ticked by with bitter silence that Diana hated. She wanted to say something, but there was just nothing to say. The clock on the wall ticked loudly in her ears, and it seemed to echo through the room.2

It was a painful reminder of just how little time she had left. Probably a year, maybe more until she knew her time would be up. But at least she knew it would be for a good cause: Harry deserved to live much more than she did. As long as he lived, she would be happy.162

"How are you, Diana?" Dumbledore asked lightly, peering deep into her eyes to get a shred of what she was feeling. Anger. Despair. Fear.+

She scoffed humorlessly and rolled her eyes. "Does it even matter?" she asked bitterly. "Does it even matter how I feel? I'm going to die. My father is back and the second war is starting. How the hell to you think I feel, Albus? I have nothing. I am nothing."197

The silence was once again deafening, but shorter this time.+

"I'm sorry, Diana. I'm so sorry."6

"Yea, well, me too," she said quietly. She decided to change the subject. "Who's getting the new Defense Against the Dark Arts job?"4

He paused, about to press the last subject, but he decided against it. "Severus will be the new Defense teacher. I need to contact an old Potions teacher, Horace Slughorn, about coming back to teach. He'll take some special persuasion, though."2

She decided to bring up the inevitable conversation that she had been avoiding for so long.+

"You and I both know Voldemort ordered Malfoy to kill you."108

He sighed and closed his eyes, pinching the bridge of his nose in a moment of vulnerability. "How did you know?" he asked.7

"I had a hunch."9

He nodded. "You're much smarter than everyone else seems to think you are," he said with a chuckle. He had said the same thing to her all those months ago when he met her at the hospital. That felt like a whole other lifetime.4

"I won't be able to do this without you, Albus."11

"Yes, you can. You'll have too."137

With that, he stood slowly from the chair and began toward the door. He halted before reaching the door and turned to say one last thing before he left. "The both of us may not have much time left in this world, but the least we can do is make it a good last run. Don't throw the last of your life away to sadness. The world will need you to be strong. Harry will need you to be strong."251

He turned the doorknob and left. The click of the door shutting sounded so loud in the brutal silence, and Diana twirled a piece of string that hung from the frayed seam of her jacket sleeve.+

She knew that things were going to get worse. The days already seemed darker now that everyone knew Voldemort had returned. She had lost her friends, her family, and she had lost the shred of hope she had left.2

But she did know one thing: she was going to give Voldemort hell until her last breath.261

"Nothing is easier that to denounce the evildoer; nothing is more difficult than to understand him."61

Fyodor Dostoyevskyn56

{check out my 'ruins' inspired Pinterest boards or my Tumblr---links in bio!}+

Tick, tick, tick.181

The clock on the wall was loud. It rang in Diana's ears like an echo in a cave, reverberating in her eardrums until all she could hear was the rhythm of her heart and the rushing of her blood in her ears against the incessant ticking of the clock.19

Time was a peculiar thing. The thought of time occupied her thoughts; a never ending ticking of a clock, a cracked watch face. The peculiar cuckoo clock in the upstairs room of the Three Broomsticks. Everything she saw reminded her of time. Or lack there of.20

She had written many letters over the summer. Some of them she sent, some of them she didn't, but she clutched the latest ones in her fist tightly as she lay on the bed, staring at the ceiling, the sound of the clock ticking in her head.+

"Dear Harry,I'm sorry."82

"Dear Ron,I'm sorry."57

"Dear Hermione,I'm sorry."64

"Dear Neville,I'm sorry."45

"Dear Luna,"I'm sorry."46

"Dear Ginny,I'm sorry."89

"Dear Sirius,I'm sorry."347

"Dear Mother,I'm sorry."68

"Dear Father,I'm sorry."612

She wasn't going to send them. She tucked them away into the inside pocket of her sweatshirt, which contained her wand and now her letters.32

At precisely ten fifty-eight, her door swung open, which nearly made her topple off of the bed in fright, but Albus Dumbledore stood tall in the frame, silhouetted by the flickering candles in the hallway behind him, his hand darkened against the brass knob and the Gaunt ring gleaming wickedly. He had an idle smile gracing his lips, an abnormal twinkle in his eye that made him look slightly more lively than he had been.2

"Come along, Diana, we have a Professor to seduce."1.2K

She furrowed her eyebrows. "What?"61

"Horace Slughorn! We must go and fetch Harry and get on our way. I told him I'd pick him up at eleven o'clock."70

She stood up from the bed and slung her Extended messenger bag across her body and patted her pocket for her wand. "Are we Apparating?" she asked as she walked to him. In response, he held his arm out, and she grabbed a hold.5

The next moment, they were swirling dizzyingly through darkness, but she was unaffected. They landed on Privet Drive gracefully. Dumbledore pulled out his Delumimator and flicked it, and they were plunged into inky darkness.15

She followed him up the path through the manicured lawn. The grass was green and the flowers were in full bloom but she couldn't help but feel slightly uncomfortable in the sterility of it all. Dumbledore reached his hand out and rang the doorbell, and a few moments later the door was forcefully swung open to reveal a rather large and rather mean-looking man.1

 "Good evening, Mr. Dursley. I daresay Harry has told you I'd be coming for him?"28

Diana heard him before she saw him. Footsteps pounded down the stairs and Harry Potter came into view, utterly panicked at the sight of Dumbledore and Diana with Mr. Dursley.1

"Judging by your look of stunned disbelief, Harry did not warn you I was coming." Diana broke her eye contact with Harry and resisted snickering at Dumbledore's comment. "However," he continued, "let us assume you have invited me warmly into your house. It is unwise to linger overlong on doorsteps in these troubled times."7

Dumbledore stepped over the threshold in long strides, and Diana followed him, positively reveling in the complete shock of Mr. Dursley.1

"It's been a long time since my last visit," said Dumbledore. "I must say, your agapanthus are flourishing."81

Vernon Dursley was struck silent, eyes wide and angry yet full of disbelief.1

"Ah, good evening Harry," said Dumbledore, looking up at him. "Excellent, excellent." Dumbledore seemed to be as amused and satisfied as Diana was, judging by the expression on his face.+

"Hello, Harry," she said, and she gave him a small wave. She turned back to Mr. Dursley and addressed him. "Hello, Vernon. My name is Diana Beauregard." She held her hand out for him to shake, and he gazed at it with utter disbelief. He did not shake it. Using her mother's last name rolled off her tongue uneasily, but she ignored the sensation.165

"It's 'Mr. Dursley' to you," he said, recovering slightly from shock, but his face reddened and his mustache bristled. 4

She smiled. "No, it isn't."250

"I don't mean to be rude—" Vernon began in a very rude tone to both Dumbledore and Diana.12

"—yet, sadly, accidental rudeness occurs alarmingly often," Dumbledore finished gravely. "Best to say nothing at all, my dear man. Ah, and this must be Petunia."84

The kitchen door was open and Petunia Dursley stood wearing rubbergloves and an apron, her face registering nothing but shock.18

"Albus Dumbledore," Dumbledore finally introduced himself. "We have corresponded of course. And this must be your son, Dudley?"1

Dudley gaped at the group from around the living room door. His eyes landed on Diana, and his face reddened and his face of shock turned to one of embarrassment as he registered that there was a girl in his foyer and he was in striped pajamas.314

After many moments of silence, Dumbledore finally spoke up. "Shall we assume that you have invited us into your sitting room?"65

Dudley scrambled out of the way when they passed him. Dumbledore settled into a cozy armchair nearest to the fire and Diana settled into one next to him. +

"Aren't—aren't we leaving?" Harry asked anxiously from the door.+

"Yes, indeed we are, but there are a few matters we need to discuss first," Dumbledore replied. "And I would prefer not to do so in the open. We shall trespass upon your aunt and uncle's hospitality only a little longer."1

"You will, will you?" asked Vernon rudely. Petunia and Dudley walked in his wake. 15

"Yes," said Diana indifferently. "We shall. And trust me when I say that I almost don't want to be here as much as you don't want us to be here, but alas, here we are. Care to sit?"37

As if awaiting a cue, Dumbledore flicked his wand and the couch zoomed forward and knocked the knees out from underneath all three Dursleys so that they collapsed upon it. With another flick the couch was back in place against the wall. "We may as well be comfortable," he said pleasantly.43

"Sir—what happened to your—?"2

"Later, Harry," said Dumbledore. Diana and Harry made eye contact, and she sent him a look. Not now. "Please sit down."10

Their lungs were compressed and bodies squished through a tunnel as they Apparated away from Privet Drive. Diana, of course, was used to such a feeling, but Harry wasn't, so they had to take a few moments to allow Harry to regain his composure.+

"I'm fine," said Harry finally. "But I think I might prefer brooms..."5

Dumbledore and Diana smiled, and the two teenagers followed Dumbledore down the lane in a brisk walk. Diana watched the second hand travel on a clock on a nearby church. It was nearly midnight.13

"So tell me, Harry," said Dumbledore. "Your scar...has it been hurting at all?"+

Diana watched Harry unconsciously rub his forehead out of habit. "No," he said, "and I've been wondering about that. I thought it would be burning all the time now Voldemort's getting so powerful again." Harry glanced at Diana after saying Voldemort's name, quite conscious of their relation. She nodded at him with as smile, as if reassuring him that she wasn't offended. He smiled lightly back.118

"I, on the other hand, thought otherwise," Dumbledore commented. "Lord Voldemort has finally realized the dangerous access to his thoughts and feelings you have been enjoying. It appears that he is employing Occlumency against you."+

"Well, I'm not complaining," said Harry, and Diana laughed.1

They kept walking, passing a telephone box and a bus shelter. "Professor?"+

"Harry?"110

"Where exactly are we?" he asked, peering around at the unfamiliar surroundings.7

"This, Harry, is the charming village of Budleigh Babberton."69

"And what are we doing here?"6

"We are here to seduce a professor," Diana piped up, repeating Dumbledore's words from earlier. "We are one staff member short, now, remember? This is an old colleague of Dumbledore's who we are apparently trying to convince to come back and teach."206

"How can I help with that?" Harry asked.148

"Oh, I think we'll find a use for you," Dumbledore said with a smile. "Both of you. Left here," he added, and they turned.51

They made their way up a steep, narrow street lined with quaint little houses. The windows were dark and there was an odd chill here, like there seemed to be in the rest of the country. It was the same in Hogsmeade, where Diana was staying, and in Diagon Alley, where she had made a few visits. She even noticed it earlier in Privet Drive. Voldemort seemed to be affecting even the muggle areas.+

"Professor, why couldn't we just Apparate directly into your old colleague's house?"3

"Because it would be quite as rude as kicking down the front door," Dumbledore replied. "Courtesy dictates that we offer fellow wizards the opportunity of denying us entry. In any case, most Wizarding dwellings are magically protected from unwanted Apparators. At Hogwarts, for instance--"21

"--you can't Apparate anywhere inside the buildings or grounds," Harry said quickly. "Hermione Granger told me."50

"And she is quite right. We turn left again."1

The church clocked chimed midnight behind them. Diana jumped, startled. Harry looked at her oddly, but she avoided his eyes.60

"Sir, I saw in the Daily Prophet that Fudge had been sacked..."+

"Finally," Diana commented. "It was about time."73

"He has been replaced, I'm sure you also saw, by Rufus Scrimgeour, who used to be the Head of the Auror office," Dumbledore added.2

"Is he...Do you think he's good?"4

"An interesting question," said Dumbledore. "He is able, certainly. A more decisive and forceful personality than Cornelius."7

"Yes, but I mean--"+

"I know what you mean. Rufus is a man of action and, having fought Dark wizards for most of his working life, does not underestimate Lord Voldemort."+

There was a brief silence in which Harry seemed to be picking his words carefully. "And...sir...I saw about Madam Bones."248

Diana remembered the Daily Prophet article she had read.+

"Yes," Dumbledore said quietly. "A terrible loss. She was a great witch. Just up here--ouch."6

He had pointed with his injured hand.+

"Careful, Albus!" hissed Diana like a worried mother. Dumbledore merely smiled at her, but Harry looked anxious.161

"Professor, what happened to your--?"19

"I have no time to explain now," he said. "It is a thrilling tale, I wish to do it justice." Dumbledore then turned back and smiled at Harry reassuringly.8

"I promise you'll know soon enough," whispered Diana. "We'll explain soon."65

He smiled weakly and nodded, and returned his attention to Dumbledore. "Sir--I got a Ministry of Magic leaflet by owl, about security measures we should all take against Death Eaters..."+

"So did I," Diana scoffed quietly. "They sent one to me! Me! Of all people! It's a load of crap, if you ask me. If Voldemort wants to kill you, no mundane precautions will keep him out."66

Dumbledore laughed quietly. "I got one as well," he said.  "You have not asked us, for instance, what is our favorite flavor of jam, to check that I am indeed Professor Dumbledore and that Diana is indeed Diana Riddle and not impostors."44

"I didn't..." Harry trailed off unsurely, but Diana laughed.+

"Dumbledore's favorite jam is raspberry, for future reference. Mine is a trick: I don't like any kind of jam...although, if I were a Death Eater, I would have definitely researched that..."147

"Well, on that leaflet, it said something about Inferi. What exactly are they? The leaflet wasn't very clear."78

"They are corpses," said Dumbledore calmly. "Dead bodies that have been bewitched to do the Dark Lord's bidding. Inferi have not been seen for a long time, however, not since Voldemort was last powerful."91

"It's very Dark magic," Diana added heavily. "He had to kill a whole army of people to create them."58

"This is the place," Dumbledore said once they had reached a small, neat stone house. The approached the gate, but Dumbledore stopped abruptly.+

"Oh dear. Oh dear, dear, dear."38

Diana moved her gaze up that path. The front door was hanging off of its hinges. She pulled her wand out immediately and tightened her grip around it, ready to strike.+

"Wands out and follow me," Dumbledore whispered. Dumbledore and Diana moved shoulder to shoulder up the path, creating a shield between whatever lay in front of them and Harry. They quieted their footsteps when they entered the threshold.42

"Lumos," Dumbledore said. His wand tip ignited, and the narrow hallway lit up at once.4

A scene of total devastation met their eyes. A piano was splintered on its side on the floor, and a broken chandelier lay limply in a corner. Cushions were deflated, slashed with feathers oozing out of them and onto the floor; fragments of glass and china littered the floors, and books and photos were scattered everywhere, obviously taken from the empty and cracked bookcases. A grandfather clock lay on its side, the clock face cracked. Diana stared at it.32

She was standing on a beach.239

Here hair whipped in the whistling wind, making her eyes water and causing goose bumps to appear on her thin forearms. She was in a dress, a beautiful royal purple gown with gems and crystals of all colors and types adorning the fitted bodice. She new she should be cold, what with the wind and bare arms, but she wasn't. She felt nothing. As if caught in a trance, her legs moved on their own accord, her gown trailing the sand behind her, but miraculously, the fabric was untouched by any element. No sand clung to it, no water had made a small, dark stain. It was peculiarly perfect. Too perfect.53

The icy salt water now nipped at her toes, the white sea foam leaving a small blanket of foamy bubbles on her feet. To her left, she noticed, were giant, jagged rocks near the face of a cliff, with the constant pummel of sea spray. The surfaces of them were uneven, bumpy and imperfect through years of hard water eroding the rock away. Behind them, sunken deep into the cliff face, an inky cave sat precariously high, too high to climb and too low to scale down from the top of the cliff. It looked like a black hole, and it felt like one too; she could see nothing through the darkness that veiled the inside of the cave from onlookers, but she felt an eerie pull, like a hook had sunk into her stomach and was yanking her gently to get closer. She needed to get to the cave. She needed to get to the necklace.75

A voice pierced behind her through the calm sound of the waves lapping idly on the shore. Normally, it would have startled her, but she was in a calming state of ecstasy. She knew this would happen. She expected it.+

"You shouldn't be here."+

No malice, no emotion whatsoever. She recognized the voice, and it would've normally seemed odd to her; it didn't right now. Diana turned slowly, her unblemished gown creating an arc in the sand as it swept around with her.14

There, standing before her, was herself. An obsidian black gown, only accessorized with a single emerald on the high collar. The dress looked old and seemed to stick out like a sore thumb; an anachronism among the new age Diana grew up in, a relic of a time long unknown by anyone living. Most likely centuries old. She didn't know why she thought it could be so ancient, seeing as it was perfectly intact and looked as if it had never been worn before, but something deep in the crevices of her darkened mind told her that this dress holds the kind of memories only someone old and wise enough could know. The figure of herself staring at her now was barefoot, her feet scratched and bloodied, maybe from walking through a sharp wooded area or rocks. The most striking thing about this darkened, shadowy version of herself were the eyes. Her eyes were a crimson red, matching the color of the blood staining her feet. Through slitted pupils, a restless darkness lurked, like flames licking a wall, desperate to emerge and spread, to consume. It was contained, but the gowned Diana had a feeling it might not be for much longer.61

One thing that caught her eye, though, was a small pendent that hung from a thin, silver chain from the figure's slender neck, stopping just above the gleaming emerald. A globe. The same one she wore religiously around her neck every day. The same one she has had for as long as she could remember.12

"You shouldn't be here," she repeated, in the same voice and tone that she had before. It would've been strange for Diana to watch herself like this, to hear her voice slip through the rosy lips she often saw in the mirror; it wasn't. Diana didn't answer as she watched the clone of herself slip her fingers behind her back and pull out a thin, slender, knotted wand. It was ancient, passed through the hands of generation after generation, though barely withered or even a scratch blemished the wand as she held her arm up, the wand tip aiming straight for Diana's heart. She cast no spell, nor made any move to strike; she opened her mouth to speak again. "Tick tock, Diana. Isn't long now until the sky falls and you're left to bear the weight alone." It was a reminder. A threat. A warning.114

The clone opened her mouth again, after a moment of silence, her voice taking on the sing-song lilt used only when reciting poems or fairy tales, reverberating against the rocky cliff face and echoing, surrounding her, in a blanket of serenity, marred only by the warning, the graveness, of the words.5

"What can only progress, unmarked by tragedy2

inside the universe of old?+

A song still being sung,+

A force only going forward,17

taking the old and the reckless and the unfortunate with it,3

only to leave behind the sharp pain of suffering2

among those not taken.+

Who is it,+

befriended by Death?28

The two, the eldest two, the only two to ever be.+

Brothers, not by blood, but by purpose57

Hands folded together above the scarlet rose.+

They watch,+

he and Death, the Destructors.10

The Enders.+

The Saviors.4

What can destroy and save,+

kill and nourish?+

What can turn the world to ashes+

a flower to a withered corpse, a flower to a fully bloomed rose?9

What will be the end of Diana Riddle25

When she was the one to save the world?"282

+

A riddle, it seemed. It demanded an answer. The answer clung to the tip of her tongue, clawing at her lips to break free, to be known to the sea, the cave, and the rocks. The answer that she knew she must not say, for saying it could only mean it was real. An answer she could not accept, because it would mean the fate of the world was not in her hands, but woven into the fabric, a thin strand among the many brave enough to do great things, bad things, valiant things; A cloth, woven by hands that seemed to always be clamped around her neck, an unrelenting noose tied tightly around her neck, with the Destroyer behind her, a foot lifting to kick the chair out from under her...74

"Time."609

She awoke with a gasp, her breathing heavy and uneven as if she really had just been hung. Sweat clung to her body, cold and icy under the dampened covers. A sliver of moonlight illuminated her room, where she soon realized was not hers at the Hog's Head.+

She remembered now. Arriving at the Weasley's, seeing an extremely miserable and broken Tonks quickly leave once they had arrived. Talking with Molly and Arthur for a moment before being ushered upstairs to a vacant room to sleep.27

She slowly sat up, reaching down beside the bed to pick her bag off of the floor and unclasping it, looking for a dry and clean set of clothes that she could change into.1

She stuck her hand deep into the bag, rifling through the contents haphazardly. She could feel vials of potions and herbs and potion-making supplies, her entire wardrobe (which, admittedly, wasn't much), clothing for Ron and Harry, and some extra girl's clothing that would be for Hermione. She had everything she owned organized in this bag, plus things she had saved up to buy in Hogsmeade and things that she had found that she thought could be helpful. An entire library of books. A trinket from Dumbledore's desk that senses veiled matter, such as someone who has an invisibility cloak or someone using a camouflage spell. She had taken anything and everything she might need if they were to run quickly, which she had no doubt in her mind might be inevitable.38

"Dumbledore, something's been happening to me."138

Dumbledore's office seemed darker than it usually is. Light didn't seep through the frosted window, and something seemed cold. Unused. Dark.+

He looked at her with his blackened fingers laced together in front of him. He was worried.+

She stood in a large cathedral-like room, with arched ceilings and renaissance art lining the walls like wallpaper. She was alone, and it was almost as if the cathedral wanted her to know it. Like it wanted her to feel the loneliness, let it seep through her skin and cement in her bones.36

"It's just these dreams I've been having. Dumbledore, I...it's like there's something in my head. I feel like I'm losing my mind."63

She was whispering now. A tear rolled down her faced, and she angrily swiped it away. +

"What are these dreams about?" Dumbledore asked. It was so quiet in the empty castle, but it wouldn't be for long. The students were on the train by now, merely a few hours away from arriving.+

It was like the art was calling to her. It was like they had a rope around her neck, pulling her, forcing her to move with it or else it would kill her. She approached the art like it was made of fire. Standing a few feet away, she now noticed the way the paint was cracked and peeling from age, the colors faded and dull from exposure. It looked like it had been painted centuries ago. It lined all four walls, in one large canvas, paintings of people and blood and battle. For some reason, it made her sick to look at. There was something so sinister about it. So cruel.18

"They're always different. Sometimes I'm looking at a clone of myself, one that's dark and evil. Sometimes, I'm in this...this church with the walls painted, depicting some war. The paint is old and so is the church. Sometimes, It's just flashes of images, like a snake and sword and this...crown."106

Something flashed in Dumbledore's eyes, but she couldn't identify it.+

"These paintings," he started delicately, "is there anything specific? Can you tell me anything about it?"+

She approached the first wall, deep in the corner where she thought the painting started. She started slowly, running her hands across it as she walked the inner perimeter of the church; then, the more she saw, she began to run. Her nails dug into to paint, leaving gashes like claws so she couldn't see it. But she had to. She couldn't stop moving, she couldn't stop running, looking at this painting that made her want throw up in disgust, in terror. She didn't know how many times she circled the room, but all she could remember after passing an image was one thing. She could never remember the details, except for one thing that rang through her head like a church bell, over and over until she couldn't think of anything else.1

"The Battle of Hogwarts."415

++7

Patience was never one of Diana's strongest qualities. She was stubborn and energetic and the thought of wasting time on something so incredibly unimportant as waiting sickened her. She couldn't understand how people lived their lives in a constant, boring, permanent routine of waiting for things that will never happen. Waiting for the right job. Waiting for the right significant other. Waiting for something exciting to happen without making any effort to initiate it. She hated those people, and despised the thought of ever becoming one.119

And now, she was waiting. She was sitting on a slightly rusted bench on the Platform of Hogsmeade Station. She could hear the train approaching before she could see it; the loud, deafening horn and the rattle of the tracks echoing in the nearly deserted station. She had seen Hagrid, waiting for the first years, and up at the Hogwarts gates there was Professor Flitwick waiting to check luggage. Hogwarts had upped their security by ten-fold. Some disapproved, but Diana knew that it was necessary.+

She could see the train now, smoke billowing into the atmosphere, the red gleaming blindingly in the mid-afternoon sun. It slowed to a stop, and she waited as the first students clambered out. She waited as the group of stragglers turned to a flood, students pushing their way out in something like one giant mass, whirls of black cloaks mixed with red and green and yellow and blue. She waited while enduring the whispers and stares of the students as they saw the same mysterious girl that was here last year. She waited as she watched the terrified first years timidly followed behind Hagrid toward the boats.5

Finally, she saw Ron and Hermione. Hermione looked as if she was hyperventilating, and Ron looked like he was trying to calm her down. Diana pushed through troves of students all the way over to them.1

"Hermione, are you alright?" she asked, disregarding the glares she was receiving from the people she had pushed.+

"No--it's Harry! We can't find him anywhere!" she panicked.3

"Look, Ron, take her to the castle. I'll look on the train," she said, and he nodded, ushering Hermione up the path and toward the gates. Diana watched them leave for a moment before she rushed into the parked train and into the nearest car, her wand held aloft in her tight grip.6

She padded lightly through the train, her footsteps nearly silent. She heard rustling inside a compartment, and the compartment door slid open abruptly. She was nearly about to hex them but immediately recognized the face of Nymphadora Tonks. Her hair was a mousy brown unlike her previous obscure hair choices in the past, and her eyes weren't lit up like they usually were.40

"Oh, hullo, Diana," she said, her voice dull with a sad lilt. "What are you doing here?"+

Diana lowered her wand to her side. "Harry didn't come off of the train. I'm trying to find him. What about you?"+

"Making sure there's no one left, or to check for anything suspicious," she said with a shrug. "I started with the back of the train and there's nothing there. We can keep going forward."+

And with that, she turned on her heel and trudged to the next car, Diana not far behind. +

They were in the next car, and all of a sudden Tonks' hand flew out, signalling Diana to freeze. They listened for a moment, and Diana could hear it too. Breathing. She slowly moved forward, passing Tonks with her wand up.+

She crouched down, her other hand outstretched, and yanked at the air. In her hand, though, was not empty air: she was holding Harry's Invisibility Cloak, and Harry was lying rigidly on the floor like a board, his face covered with blood.1

"Hello, Harry," she said nonchalantly, and with a flick of her wand Harry sprung to live, sitting up quickly and haphazardly wiping the blood that was pouring out of his nose.4

"Come on," Tonks said behind them as the floor started to rumble from the engine being roared to life. "We need to get out of here."+

They hurried to the nearest train door and yanked it open, Diana jumping awkwardly onto the platform from the moving train. Just in time, too: right after the three of them landed, the train picked up speed and was now bolting out of the station.2

"What happened to you?" Diana asked as they walked up the path, examining his broken nose as he tried to slap her hand away. "Harry," she chided as he childishly swatted her hand, "please. I think it's broken."104

He reluctantly halted, looking at her as she prodded his throbbing nose. He noticed she looked tired. Worn.+

"Would you like me to fix it?" she asked, her eyes on his, and he nodded.9

"This is going to hurt," she whispered, grabbing his hand. He was so startled by her hand in his that he was taken by surprise when he heard a sharp crack and in a very odd sensation of both hot and cold temperatures, and finally his nose felt normal.142

[ gif of vera ]120

Sometimes, when Diana wasn't feeling okay, she'd look at the veins on the back of her hand.44

Blood, she'd think, is full of hemoglobin and white blood cells that protect her from disease and red blood cells that carry oxygen, keeping her alive even when sometimes, she didn't want to be. And then, she'd remember that her blood contains iron. The same iron that is formed in the core of a dying star.224

She'd just concentrate on the fact that the thing in something dying is something that is keeping her alive. She'd think that she is made of atoms that have come from stars and she shares atoms that once made dinosaurs. It would help her remember that she is here, and alive, and capable, and that she is as strong as the iron in her blood, as strong as the iron in the star. She was made of metal armor forged from the galaxy and she will not break.194

This was what she was thinking of now, seated in her usual chair in Dumbledore's office mere days after the students had arrived. She hasn't slept since the night before September first. She had been living like a ghost, drifting through the castle like she had no purpose, no life to define, and she felt like she was wading through water. Her arms ached and her legs refused to move normally when she walked.4

"How have the nightmares been?"4

She could hear the ticking of the clock behind them. She counted nine seconds.14

"I wouldn't know. Haven't slept since we last talked about them."7

He frowned slightly, peering at her over his half-moon spectacles as if she was a bomb ready to blow, and he had only little time to diffuse it.+

"Have you had any more hallucinations?"4

She shook her head. Thankfully, since the night she saw the Quidditch pitch burning, she hadn't seen anything like that. She counted seventeen seconds of silence.4

"I'd like to show you something," Dumbledore said, his voice loud in the thick silence. "A memory, from a long time ago."+

"A memory of what?" she asked.+

"Your mother and father."100

Without another word, he strode to the cabinet containing the Pensieve and threw it like a disk toward the desk and it floated lazily over, settling itself on the desk at once. He pulled out a memory, as well, a little vial of silver strands of thought. The vial looked as if it hadn't been touched in years.7

He strode back over, pouring the strands into the Pensieve and swirling it lightly with his wand.+

"I obtained this memory from a reformed Death Eater. He had devised a plan that would help in the downfall of Voldemort. He had come to me, merely days before Voldemort killed him, and gave me this vial."268

He gave one last hearty stir of the Pensieve and tucked his wand back into his robe.+

"This Death Eater was Regulus Black."884

It was like the air had been knocked out of her lungs. Her eyes welled with tears but she refused to let them escape as her hands began to shake slightly.+

"Did--did Sirius know?" she whispered.+

An expression of sorrow showed on Dumbledore's face as he gave a light shake of his head. "Regulus made me promise to keep it a secret. He didn't want anyone getting hurt because of his information."53

"This plan...what was it?"+

Dumbledore gave a dry chuckle. "I ask myself the same thing every day. He refused to reveal anything to me, even after he had given me this memory and I promised to keep it a secret."+

Diana looked at her fingers. For a moment, she had felt a bleak ray of hope. It was gone now.+

"This memory, interestingly enough, was not Regulus'. He had obtained this memory from one of the original Death Eaters many, many years ago. I have no clue how he managed to obtain it, but I decided that it wasn't important." With a clap of his hands, he smiled. "Now, let us delve into the history of your parents."+

As soon as her face touched the liquid-y gas she was diving head first through a tunnel of swirling, cloudy darkness. Her feet hit solid ground right next to Dumbledore.17

She looked forward. The memory that they delved into presented what looked to be a rarely-used corridor on the sixth floor of Hogwarts Castle. She recognized it, though in this memory it seemed to be slightly less rustic than it did now, and the shining armor lining the walls weren't as speckled with dirt and dust. 14

On the other end of the hall a group of rowdy boys clad in green accent pieces bounded around the corner and into the corridor, walking toward where Diana and Dumbledore stood. They laughed and shoved each other, rough-housing like normal boys tend to do. She recognized many of them as certain members of old, pure bloodlines: she saw Abraxas Malfoy, and many of the ancestors of other Death Eaters she is aware of.2

"Shouldn't be long now," Dumbledore chirped cheerfully, and as if on cue, a beautiful brown-haired girl came around the corner that the Slytherins we're headed to. Her robes and uniform were accented with the familiar Ravenclaw blue, and her head was buried deep into an ancient, thick, leather-bound book.+

"Dumbledore, is that--?"+

"Yes, Diana. That is your mother," he said, his eyes twinkling as he looked at her.97

Diana's eyes were glued to her teenage mother as Vera blindly walked down the corridor, oblivious to the Slytherins that were approaching.7

Abraxas Malfoy exchanged a mischievous grin with his buddies and quietly approached Vera. With one glance toward his friends, he roughly bumped his shoulder into hers, causing her to fall to the floor and her book to land a few feet away. Malfoy laughed obnoxiously with his friends.16

"Sorry, I didn't see you! It's like you're invisible!" he leered loudly, his lip curling in a malicious grin.95

Diana turned her head back to watch Vera, who's actions stunned Diana to the point of gaping at her mother. Slowly pulling herself to her feet, Vera's face was completely void of any emotion, her eyes burning with so much power that Malfoy faltered slightly. Her gait was strong, confident, and powerful as she stood tall in front of them, her gaze unwavering.3

"What?" Malfoy snapped, his tone hiding something akin to uneasiness as she glared forcefully. He took a step forward intimidatingly, but Vera stood her ground with an expression of almost boredom.+

"Do you like doing that?" she accused in a dangerously low tone, taking a step forward with her eyes narrowed into slits. "Do you get off on being a complete prick?" she whispered as she took a step closer to him.86

He pulled his wand out shakily and pointed it at her. "Take another step and you'll regret it," he hissed, but she was completely undeterred by the threat.+

"What will you do, Malfoy?" she asked tauntingly. "Kill me?"37

He was silent as he glared at her.+

"Well come on!" she yelled, her voice bouncing off of the stone walls and her eyes glinting with maniacal determination. "Kill me, then!"167

"Enough."87

Tom Riddle stepped into the corridor from the direction that Vera had come, his eyes watching the scene with cold impassivity. His eyes landed immediately on Vera before sliding to the wand in Malfoy's outstretched hand. The moment Malfoy heard Tom's voice, his wand arm immediately fell limp and he took a step away from Vera.+

Diana, standing amongst her insufferable ancestors, could finally understand in greater depth how Tom Riddle had become the evil, Muggle-hating man that he is now. Merely by watching the way Marvolo Gaunt verbally abused his poor daughter, along with the way Morfin terrorized her unrelentingly portrayed them to be the kind of people who prey on the weak and are so heavily influenced by social status and class that their lives are lived in an unending determination of who's better and who is not.61

"Well," said Ogden after curiously eyeing the strange girl in the kitchen, "Mr. Gaunt, to get straight to the point, we have a reason to believe your son, Morfin, performed magic in front of a Muggle late last night."3

With a deafening clang, Merope dropped one of the rusted pans onto the floor, and Mr. Gaunt yelled at her so ferociously that she cowered. She was so startled, in fact, that upon pulling out her wand she  muttered an inaudible spell that only caused it to slide across the floor and hit wall, splitting it in two.+

Morfin let out a manic cackle. Gaunt screamed, "Mend it, you pointless lump, mend it!"12

Ogden quickly mended the pot for her, and Gaunt made a rather nasty jeer on the subject of her being a Squib. As Gaunt yelled at her, her hands trembled in fright and shame and she shakily returned the pot to its respective shelf. Her face was flushed in anxiety and she looked as if she'd like nothing more than to vanish into the stone behind her completely. Diana's heart ached for her as she peered at the trembling girl, her grandmother, who was obviously so miserable.8

Gaunt, completely unsympathetic to the situation of his son using magic around Muggles, tried defending him in a loud shout.+

"Morfin has broken Wizarding law," replied Ogden sternly.+

"'Morfin has broken Wizarding law,'" Gaunt imitated obnoxiously. "He taught a filthy muggle a lesson, that's illegal now, is it?"60

"Yes," said Ogden. "I'm afraid it is."+

Ogden pulled a piece of parchment from the inside pocket of his coat and unrolled it.+

"What's that, then, his sentence?" said Gaunt angrily.+

"It summons him to the Ministry for a hearing--"+

Gaunt's face reddened in rage as he continued to yell at the Ministry employee. "Summons? Who do you think you are, summoning my son anywhere?"29

Ogden stood his ground, though warily. Nothing Ogden said could deter this man from his obvious fit of anger, his voice only rising with each sentence he spoke. After a loud shout that Diana could barely understand, Gaunt lifted his hand and made what looked like a obscene hand gesture, but upon closer look, Diana noticed that he was showing Ogden his ugly, black-stoned ring that was heavily familiar.1

"See this?" Gaunt roared. "See this? Know what it is? Know where it came from? Centuries it's been in our family, that's how far back we go, and pure-blood all the way! Know how much I've been offered for this, with the Peverell coat of arms engraved in the stone?"46

"I have no idea," said Ogden quite wearily and Gaunt shoved his ring in the man's face. "And it's quite beside the point, Mr. Gaunt. Your son has committed--"1

Gaunt bellowed in blind rage and charged at poor Merope--for a moment, Diana thought he was going to throttle her neck right there, but instead he pulled her violently by the golden chain on her neck toward Ogden.+

"See this?" he bellowed, shaking the heavy gold locket while Merope spluttered for breath.+

"I see it, I see it!" hastened Ogden.+

"Slytherin's!" Gaunt yelled. "Salazar Slytherin's! We're his last living descendants, what do you say to that, eh?"66

Merope continued to gasp for breath as she was being choked by the chain, and Ogden yelled in alarm as though she might faint. As Gaunt released her viciously, Diana couldn't keep her eyes away from the heavy, golden locket hanging limply around the poor girl's neck. She stared at the collection of emerald stones embedded into the surface, and the S for Slytherin on the front. She had seen that locket before, among the flashes of strange images she often sees when she sleeps, usually followed with images of some cup or some sort of crown. She had seen that locket before, she knew it, and she furrowed her eyebrows as she took a step closer to Merope, ignoring the heated conversation between Ogden and Gaunt. Harry eyed her curiously, but Dumbledore looked as if he had been expecting such a response from Diana at the sight of the locket. In fact, he looked almost as if he had waiting for this moment just to gauge her reaction.10

The shouts of both men behind her barely registered as she seemed entranced by the locket around the girl's neck.+

Ogden's voice, clearer and sharper, caught Diana's attention. "Morfin will attend a hearing on the fourteenth of September to answer the charges of using magic in front of a Muggle and causing harm and distress to that same Mugg--"19

Ogden was promptly interrupted by noises coming from outside the cottage. The jingling, clopping sounds of horses swung everyone's attention to the window that Merope was standing near. Laughing voices drifted through the thin walls. Gaunt looked outraged, as Morfin looked toward the window with maniacal impatience. Diana noticed that Merope looked to be even paler than before, her eyes as wide as galleons as they all listened to the voices outside.+

"My God, what an eyesore!" rang a shrilly, feminine voice. "Couldn't your father have that hovel cleared away, Tom?"+

Diana's breath hitched at the name, and she strained her ears harder in anticipation.+

"It's not ours," said a young man's voice, his accent containing the polish of an educated, wealthy background. "Everything on the other side of the valley belongs to us, but that cottage belongs to an old tramp called Gaunt, and his children. The son's quite mad, you should hear some of the stories they tell in the village--"2

The girl laughed loudly, and the stomping of the horses grew louder as the seemed to approach the house. Diana kept glancing toward Merope, who looked as if she might faint. Morfin made to stand from the armchair, but Gaunt hissed at him in Parseltongue.+

"Keep your seat."+

"Tom," the girl's voice said, now much closer than they were before. They sounded like they were right outside, merely feet from where they were standing in the living room. "I might be wrong, but has someone nailed a snake to that door?"+

"Good lord, you're right!" said Tom Senior. "That'll be the son, I told you he's not right in the head. Don't look at it, Cecilia, darling."18

The clopping grew fainter as they passed the house.+

"'Darling,'" Morfin whispered, looking at his sister. "'Darling' he called her. He wouldn't have you anyway."9

Merope looked so pale and sickly, and tears threatened to escape as she stood pathetically. Diana took a step closer together, the urge to somehow comfort her strong, but she knew it was inevitably impossible. 1

"What's that?" Gaunt asked sharply, glaring between his children. "What did you say, Morfin?"+

"She likes looking at that Muggle," Morfin taunted cruelly. Merope looked like she might die right there as she watched her brother with terrified eyes. "Always in the garden when he passes, peering through the hedge at him, isn't she? And last night--"15

Merope shook her head jerkily, begging for Morfin to stop, but he continued. "Hanging out of the window waiting for him to ride home, wasn't she?"5

"Hanging out of the window to look at a Muggle?" Gaunt said dangerously quiet, glaring at his daughter with such ferocity that she cowered under his stare.+

All three Gaunts seemed to have forgotten Ogden as they seemed to deal with this situation as a family, the two men ganging up on the poor girl nastily.+

"Is it true?" Gaunt said in a deadly voice. "My daughter--pure-blooded descendant of Salazar Slytherin--hankering after a filthy, dirt-veined Muggle?"15

Merope shook her head frantically, pushing herself further into the stone wall behind her, her eyes fearful at the deathly look she was receiving.+

"But I got him, Father!" cackled Morfin. "I got him as he went by and he didn't look so pretty with hives all over him, did he, Merope?"+

Diana Riddle was in a forest.171

The trees were thick and ancient, with trunks gnarled and tangled together to create a vast maze. It was dark; she could only see the vague silhouettes of the forest before her, and she looked up to the sky, which was almost entirely blocked by the thick canopy of leaves above. She could see a sliver of the full moon peeking in between the cracks, which only barely illuminated the forest floor.10

She cautiously pulled out her wand, muttering, "Lumos." Her wand ignited, lighting up the old, mysterious, unused part of this forest. The trees weren't any that she had ever seen near Hogwarts; they looked old and unique, most likely originating in some foreign place that Diana had never been. Her eyes trailed along the vague path outlined in the dead leaves by a previous explorer, but other than that, she was utterly lost in this vast expanse.+

The was a quick burst of wind. The leaves above rustled deafeningly in the silence and she took a few steps forward. The leaves crunched beneath her feet loudly. Too loudly. She was uneasy as she peered at the darkness before her, but something told her that she needed to wait for something. She didn't know what.+

And then, a short gust of wind blew her hair out of her face, though this time, she could not hear the rustling of the leaves. The leaves, she saw, were not even disturbed by the wind she had just felt. As soft as a whisper, another gust trailed it's fingers up her neck and to her ear. She almost felt the urge to turn and see if anyone was touching her, but something in her head told her it was wind. Just the wind.+

The fingers seemed to push her forward, nudging her until she began to walk in the direction it pushed her in. Straight ahead she walked, with wispy fingers prodding the back of her neck to urge her on. She continued like this until she reached the trunk of an extraordinarily tall and ancient tree, its trunk so wide that its width was at least Diana's height. The bark was cracked and peeling and dry, unlike most of the other trees, and large knots ran up the tree in almost perfect intervals. It was shorter than the others, but its magnificence more than made up for the lack of height. Diana could almost feel it, the aura surrounding it; it enveloped her kindly in an odd embrace. The tree, she felt, was a living, breathing, conscious thing and she couldn't shake the feeling that it watched her.124

The wind fingers pushed her closer to the tree, which she approached with cautious curiosity. Her arm was being lifted by the wind as if she was a puppet, and it dragged her hand slowly to a rather large knot in the trunk that looked to open into some kind of hole. The wind puppeteer pushed her hand inside, and she felt the velvet lining of what seemed to be a jewelry box; it was large, she noticed as she pulled it out, with deep, royal blue velvet covering the entire outside. It looked perfectly preserved, even in the dirty forest, but something told Diana that it was old. Very, very old.54

Cautiously, she opened it, her mind eager to see the contents.+

The moment the lid was lifted, the surroundings swirled rapidly and she dropped the box before she could see what was inside. She seemed to be traveling somewhere through this rapid, spinning tunnel until she landed on her feet in a deserted corridor on the seventh floor, she recognized. She had been there; it was on her way to the Room of Requirement.1

Before her stood a pearly, shimmering woman dressed in a royally beautiful gown embedded with jewels and lined with gold. She watched Diana with an emotionless expression, her eyes holding a deep intelligence that unnerved her.8

She said one thing to Diana before she raised her hand, sending Diana hurtling out of her dream and awaking in her bed with a gasp.+

"The item you seek is in the place where it is hidden."520

++3

Since the last visit with Dumbledore, Diana seemed to be seeing much less of the Headmaster. He would leave for days at a time, on missions that Diana knew related to the Horcruxes, but even though she understood the importance, she felt utterly useless and pointless. Most days she stayed in her room, bringing books from the library and reading all day. She often walked down to Hogsmeade to check in on Aberforth, but her days were nonetheless filled with consistent boredom.27

It was Hogsmeade weekend, and she had decided to leave slightly early to beat the crowds. Diana had been at Hogwarts since the beginning of last year, but people still turned and whispered as she walked past.+

"Hey, Ab," she called as she opened the door to the Hogs Head. The light from outside illuminated the dim, dusty room for a moment until it closed, and she was then plunged into perpetual dimness. Aberforth Dumbledore was idly cleaning dirty glasses with a dirty rag, his signature scowl plastered onto his face. And the sound of her voice, though, he smiled joyfully.15

"Diana!" he said loudly, and the very few patrons glared at him.74

"Just wanted to stop by," she said. "I can't stay, but I just wanted to check in."+

"What do you have planned?" he asked in a failed attempt to be nonchalant, but it came out more like he was a nosy father.90

"Meeting with Harry, Hermione, and Ron," she said, and he eyes snapped to the trio walking past the Hog's Head. "Speaking of them--I'll see you later, Ab!"3

She gave one last wave over her shoulder as she rushed out of the door and caught up to the trio.+

"There you are!" said Hermione. "We were looking for you. We're headed to the Three Broomsticks."+

All four of them focused on two figures near the entrance of the Three Broomsticks. It took only moments for Diana to recognize the shortest one, and her eyebrows furrowed.+

"Mundungus!" she yelled, cupping her hands around her mouth. He turned jerkily, as if he was worried he had been caught for something, and upon laying his eyes on the quartet he accidentally dropped the large case he was carrying, which burst open and an assortment of objects flew out. Diana narrowed his eyes at him and watched the second man walk away from them gruffly.1

"Oh, 'ello," he muttered anxiously, haphazardly throwing the objects back into the case. "Well, don't let me keep ya."+

In an attempt to leave, Mundungus hastily pushed past them but Diana grabbed his upper-arm tightly. He emitted a quiet squeak and froze.+

"Are you selling this stuff?" Harry asked him, peering at the odd assortment laying on the snow.+

"Hang on," Ron interrupted, picking up a small silver trinket of some sort. "This looks familiar--"1

"Thank you!" said Mundungus loudly as he snatched the object out of Ron's hand and stuffing it into the case. "Well, I'll see you all--OUCH!"1

In a rapid flurry of motion, all of a sudden Mundungus' arm was yanked out of her grasp and he was pushed up against a wall by Harry, whose wand was pushing into Mundungus' neck roughly. Diana was severely caught off guard by the sudden situation, for she had never seen Harry so aggressive.538

"Holy shit!" she yelled as Hermione covered her mouth in surprise, and Ron looked at them, obviously impressed yet just as surprised.88

"You took that from Sirius' house," Harry all but growled, he face menacingly close to Mundungus'. Diana continued to gape at him. Her stomach twisted uncomfortably in a way she had never felt before. It was almost as if she...liked...seeing him so aggressive. She choked on air at the thought, and Ron thumped her on the back roughly as she coughed. "That had the Black family crest on it," added Harry.1K

Diana was never religious, but she seemed to be spending a lot of time in cathedrals.126

She only ever came in her dreams, the first time being around the time she had arrived at Hogwarts. Just like last time, the walls were lined with dull wallpaper that depicted some old battle, with paintings of armored men and green and red streaks of light, with giants and blood and spiders. In fact, she realized this was the first time she had actually been able to cognitively understand the pictures; all of the previous times, they were only a blur, producing one thought in her head over and over until it didn't sound like real words anymore.+

"The Battle of Hogwarts."36

Her eyes caught on a certain section on the back wall of the cathedral, being spotlit in a mysterious light that shined through one of the giant windows on the opposite wall. It seemed to be sectioned off, like it had nothing to do with the great landscape it depicted on all sides. It was important, she felt, but meant something else. Something much more important.+

She moved toward it cautiously, her footsteps echoing in the abandoned church, her eyes trailing the walls to find any context, but the pictures were gibberish to her.+

She was feet away, and she could finally see the painting clearer; painted over a midnight black background were images of objects intertwined around a snake. There was a necklace, a cup, a crown; there was a long, silver sword decorated in crimson rubies and a black book and a ring.41

She reached her hand out hesitantly, and just as her index finger grazed the cracked paint, her globe necklace burned white-hot against her skin. Where the necklace touched her skin, it burned as if it was on fire, turning red and then blistering, and her ear-splitting screams echoed eerily in the cathedral as she tried yanking it off, but no matter how hard she tried it only began to burn her hand.16

Her screams echoed back at her tauntingly and tears ran down her face, and the walls seemed to rattle with her pain and the windows looked as if they might burst with her screams and she felt like she could die, her body welted and blistering, all starting with the necklace she had worn for her entire life.+

++7

Time was a funny thing. One minute, she was in McGonagall's office after Katie had been cursed, and what felt like weeks, or maybe minutes, she was blearily waking to the bright setting sun streaming through the tall windows lining the walls of the hospital wing.+

She groaned as she tried to adjust herself on her bed, but her legs and arms seemed to be bolstered down under thick, cloth ropes that kept them pinned. She grunted as she yanked at them, but they were unforgiving.112

"Get me out!" she yelled through gritted teeth. "Get me OUT!"28

She began to yank furiously at them. She remembered this, from what felt like so long ago back at St. Mungo's. Sometimes, she'd get so out of control that they'd have to physically restrain her or else she would hurt herself or someone else. Her eyes blazed maniacally as she yanked at them, an angry, panicked scream echoing through the wing. She felt tears building in her eyes; she had to get out, get out, get out, get out--91

"Oh, dear!"+

Madam Pomfrey came hurrying out of her office, her face ashen as she waved her wand and the restraints sprung open, letting the girl free. She stumbled to her feet, her tears having subsided after being freed and she rubbed her wrists, attempting to control her panicked breathing.+

"You're awake!" Madam Pomfrey rambled, bustling around the room collecting different potions and herbs. "Here, take these. It'll help with the panic, dear."+

"No," she breathed, and pushed the tray of medicines away. "No, I'm not taking anything."+

"But--"+

"No!" she yelled angrily, almost out of control, and Madam Pomfrey squeaked slightly and decided not to push. "How long have I been out?"19

"Two days," Madam Pomfrey said after a slight pause.24

"Two DAYS?"5

She felt like screaming, but the large oak doors were pushed open and she watched a solemn Dumbledore stride in with Harry, Ron, and Hermione hurrying behind him. Dumbledore walked with a tall, serious gait as he peered at the girl with worry. Hermione looked so relieved that she could cry, and Harry looked as if he hadn't slept for days.218

"Get me out of here," she muttered to Dumbledore, hastily pulling the dividing screen in front of her and changing from the thin hospital gown to her clothing that was folded nicely on the table beside the bed. She slung her bag over her shoulder and pulled the screen away. "Dumbledore, get me out of here."+

Her urgency was so unusual that he was taken aback slightly, and her eyes were wild and her fingers twitched.+

He nodded after a moment, and moved out of the way so she could leave the wing. He stayed to talk to Madame Pomfrey, but the other three trailed after her.+

She slumped against the wall in the outside corridor, catching her breath and clutching her chest.+

"I hate hospitals," she muttered, and she looked toward the three who watched her worriedly. "Why was I restrained?"+

Hermione, as if she might burst into tears, rushed, "Oh, it was awful, you looked like you were in so much pain! You were screaming and thrashing so violently, and no potion she gave you would calm you down. Eventually, she had to strap your arms and legs down so you didn't hurt yourself."13

Diana closed her eyes for a moment. "Did---did I say anything while I was out?"+

She couldn't remember anything. She couldn't remember what she could have possibly been dreaming about, or what seemed to terrify her so effectively. "I can't remember anything," she muttered.+

The three glanced at each other for a moment, and this time, Ron was the one to speak.+

"You said something about...a painting," he said, his eyebrows furrowing in confusion. "You said something like: 'I need to touch the painting.' We thought you were bonkers."156

She laughed lightly, before clenching her eyes shut to remember, but it didn't work. She saw a flash of green eyes. A quick image of a snake. Other than that, she had nothing remarkably comprehensible.17

"We're just so glad you're okay!" Hermione hastened and charged at the girl, and Hermione flung herself at Diana so forcefully that she almost lost her balanced. Hermione hugged her, and she couldn't breathe.121

"Hermione, don't kill her after she's just woken up!" Harry said with a laugh, and Hermione reluctantly let go and wiped a tear from her eye.1

Ron stepped up next and hugged her, though much gentler and for a shorter period than Hermione had.96

"Yeah, Hermione, you can kill her any other time, just not when she's just woken up," Ron said after he pulled back and grinned. The others laughed, and Harry stepped forward and embraced her.116

It wasn't as suffocating as Hermione's, but it was tight, like he didn't want to ever let go. She hugged him back tightly, too, her eyes shutting as she hugged her best friend.521

"I'm just really happy that you're okay," he mumbled, so quietly that she wondered if she was even meant to hear it. He slowly pulled back and gave her a small smile.92

+

After delving through the gas-like substance inside of the Pensieve, the three landed swiftly in a bustling, old-fashioned London street. Muggles were wearing clothes that were entirely outdated, and the walk was littered with buildings that seemed to look dark and haunted.102

"There I am," said Dumbledore brightly, pointing to a tall figure crossing the road.21

This younger version of Dumbledore seemed to sport auburn hair, unlike the usual silver Diana had always seen it. His face was much less worn from age and he wore a deep velvet plum suit that attracted many curious stares.32

"I like that suit," Diana said before she could stop herself, and Harry attempted to cover his laugh with a cough. Dumbledore chuckled, and they followed across the street and entered a tall, rusted iron gate that swayed crookedly. They strode toward the large, dilapidated building and up the crumbling stone steps.73

Young Dumbledore knocked on the door.5

It opened clumsily and a scruffy girl wearing an apron emerged.+

"Good afternoon," Dumbledore said politely. "I have an appointment with a Mrs. Cole, who, I believe, is the matron here?"9

"Oh," said the girl, peering wide-eyed at his unusual outfit. "Um...just a mo'... MRS. COLE!" she bellowed indelicately over her shoulder.7

A distant voice shouted something in response, and the girl motioned them inside.+

"Diana," Dumbledore said quietly, "remember I showed you the memory long ago of when I visited your mother at the orphanage?"+

She nodded.+

"This is mere days afterward. At that point, I had my suspicions regarding the prophecy of your mother and father."+

Harry, who could not hear what Dumbledore was saying, eyed them curiously. They waited patiently in a shabby lobby with dirty checkered-tiled floors and walls with ugly, peeling wallpaper. The place looked dreadful, and Diana had the fleeting notion that her time at St. Mungo's, no matter how horrible, was most likely better than having to live in this place. A sharp-featured woman came bounding around the corner, a few stray hairs that had escaped her tight bun flying wildly around her face. She looked incredibly high-strung and as if she was going to burst from stress, and the sight of a stranger did not warm her in the slightest. She was talking to another employee, instructing them to do multiple different tasks, and then turned to address Dumbledore.5

"Good afternoon," said Dumbledore kindly, holding out his hand for her to shake. She gaped at his outfit.1

"My name is Albus Dumbledore. I sent you a letter requesting an appointment and you very kindly invited me here today."+

Deciding that Dumbledore was, in fact, real, she blinked furiously. "Oh yes. Well--well then--you'd better come into my room. Yes."55

She led them into a small room that was closer to the size of a closet and invited Dumbledore to sit in a rickety wooden chair across the desk. The three observers squished in behind Dumbledore's younger self to watch.+

"I am here, as I told you in my letter, to discuss Tom Riddle and arrangements for his future."+

"Are you family?" asked Mrs. Cole gruffly.+

"No, I am a teacher," said Dumbledore. "I have come to offer Tom a place at my school."+

"What school's this, then?"1

"It is called Hogwarts," he replied.2

"And how come you're interested in Tom?"+

"We believe he has qualities we are looking for."+

"You mean he's won a scholarship? How can he have done? He's never been entered for one."+

"Well, his name has been down for our school since birth--"+

"Who registered him? His parents?"45

Under the desk, Diana watched Dumbledore pull out his wand and pick up a piece of blank paper. He waved his wand, then handed the paper to the woman.+

"Here," he said. "I think this will make everything clear."+

Her eyes slid in and out of focus as she looked at the paper for a moment.20

"That seems perfectly in order," she said, handing it back to Dumbledore at once.+

"I was wondering if you could tell me anything of Tom Riddle's history? I think he was born here in the orphanage?" said Dumbledore after a moment.1

"That's right," said Mrs. Cole. "I remember it clear as anything, because I'd just started here myself. New Year's Eve and bitter cold, snowing, you know. Nasty night. And this girl, not much older than I was myself at the time, came staggering up the front steps. Well, she wasn't the first. We took her in, and she had the baby within the hour. And she was dead in another hour."2

Diana's heart clenched slightly for Merope.+

"Did she say anything before she died?" Dumbledore asked the woman. "Anything about the boy's father, for instance?"+

"Now as it happens, she did," Mrs. Cole said, who seemed to enjoy telling the story. "I remember she said to me, 'I hope he looks like his papa,' and I won't lie, she was right to hope it, because she was no beauty--then she told me he was to be named Tom, for his father, and Marvolo, for her father--yes, I know, funny name isn't it? We wondered whether she came from a circus--and she said the boys surname was to be Riddle. And she died after that without another word.76

"We named him, just as she'd said, it seemed so important to the poor girl, but no Tom nor Marvolo nor any kind of Riddle ever came looking for him, nor any family at all, so he stayed in the orphanage and he's been here ever since."1

She grabbed a bottle of gin from beneath her cupboard and two dusty glasses. She poured Dumbledore some and she then served herself a generous portion of it, downing it whole in two gulps. It was silent for a moment.9

"He's a funny boy," she said.+

"Yes," said Dumbledore, taking a small sip. "I thought he might be."+

She poured herself another large glass and took a sip. "He was a funny baby, too. He hardly ever cried, you know. And then, when he got a little older, he was...odd."+

"Odd in what way?" asked Dumbledore gently. She took another sip, and two pink splotched appeared high on her cheekbones.+

"Well, he--"+

She cut herself off abruptly, eyeing Dumbledore suspiciously over her nearly empty glass. +

"He's definitely got a place at your school, you say?" she asked.+

"Definitely."+

"And nothing I say can change that?"+

"Nothing."+

"You'll be taking him away, whatever?"+

"Whatever."+

Diana's heart thumped quickly as the woman down the rest of her glass. "He scares the other children."+

"You mean he is a bully?" asked Dumbledore.+

The woman obviously seemed very hesitant, as if she were to reveal anything, she would be breaking rules. "I think he must be," she said with a frown, "but it's very hard to catch him at it. There have been incidents...Nasty things..."+

Diana hated many, many things. Among the top of the list was her absolute hatred for doing charitable things for others with no personal gain. She believed strongly that if she were to do something, it was either because she wanted to or she was getting something out of it.184

So, when Minerva McGonagall approached her at breakfast the day of the big Quidditch match between Slytherin and Gryffindor, she was incredibly miffed.+

"I need you to be the announcer. The one I had in place is in the hospital wing, and I need a replacement."53

The piece of bacon that she had been munching dropped out of her mouth as she peered at the woman like she had grown an extra head.3

"That sounds like a you problem," she muttered, picking the bacon back up and tossing it in her mouth. "No can do, friend. That means that I'm doing something charitable, and we can't have that."195

McGonagall groaned slightly then narrowed her eyes at the girl. "What's got you in such a chipper mood?" she asked her.+

"For the first time in forever, I had a decent, dreamless sleep," she beamed.47

"Diana, I really need you to do this," McGonagall all but begged. After eliciting no response, she huffed. "I'll give you five galleons."85

Diana's interest piqued and she narrowed her eyes suspiciously. "Ten," she bargained.207

"Fine," McGongall growled. "I'll bring it to you afterward. Just get to the commentator's podium." She stalked off and Diana grinned, picking up another handful of bacon and making her way outside and all the way to the Quidditch pitch. She ate the bacon idly, and the closer she got to the pitch, the warier she felt. Even after all this time, she still couldn't seem to shake what she saw the first night.38

She made her way up the podium until she reached the top, which had a perfect view of the entire field before her. Soon, students started trickling into the stands until it had become a roaring mass of teenagers. The podium next to hers held the teachers, and she gave McGonagall a sarcastic thumps up.19

She grabbed her wand, and muttering, "Sonorus," her voice was now amplified for everyone to hear.+

"'Sup everyone," she said nonchalantly, and every single head turned to the podium. As everyone whispered about her to each other, she kicked her feet up onto the ledge casually. "I'm getting paid to do this, so if we could hurry it up, that would be great."483

To a mixture of deafening cheers and boos, the Slytherin and Gryffindor teams emerged from their respective dressing rooms. The majority of Hufflepuffs and Ravenclaws had chosen to cheer for Gryffindor, and Diana could not distinguish one body from another in the massive sea of red and gold.7

"We've got Harry Potter leading the Gryffindor team," she announced. She decided that if she was going to do this, she would at least make it fun. "He's a real cool dude, pretty eyes and whatnot. And leading the Slytherin team is some guy I've never seen before--"338

"Urquhart!" McGonagall hissed.36

"Oh, apparently his name's Urquhart. Didn't know that," she added. Everyone seemed to be eyeing her with amusement. "Oh, look at that, they're shaking hands," she cooed as they captains stepped forward.230

The whistle blew, and the players soared into the air and the crowds cheered wildly. Diana couldn't figure out which player she was supposed to look at, so she decided to wait until the crowds cheered and something happened.+

"Off they go," she announced lazily. She ate another piece of bacon hungrily. "Wow, there's so much movement, I don't even know what's going on."138

"Oh my god, here comes Slytherin's first attempt on goal, wow he's going so fast. Ronald, if you don't catch this, I'm disowning you."396

"Diana!"12

"Sorry Minerva, just speaking the truth. AND WEASLEY SAVES IT!" she yelled excitedly and the Gryffindor fans cheered so loudly Diana was inclined to cover her ears.+

After nearly half an hour and countless scoldings by McGonagall, Gryffindor was leading sixty points to zero. Ron had made some incredible saves, and Ginny scored four out of six of the goals.6

"Look at Ginny Weasley, he hair whipping magnificently in the wind. That girl's awesome, she's like the little sister I never wanted."284

"Ronald, you're doing great buddy, keep it up," she added after a particularly incredible save.41

Gryffindor was on fire, scoring goal after goal with precise accuracy and top-notch defense. It seemed as if the Slytherin's had no chance, and the Gryffindor team held them off with surprising ease. The Gryffindor fans began singing "Weasley Is Our King," in praise of a spectacular save by Ron Weasley, and he pretended to conduct them.+

"Ron, I'm telling you what buddy, if I could sing, I would be singing with them."10

"You're supposed to be unbiased!"+

"Unbiased! Why would I be unbiased?"139

A Slytherin player named Harper came barreling from the other side of the field and knocked Harry harshly in the shoulder.40

"Foul!" yelled Diana along with every Gryffindor supporter fan. "That isn't allowed!"37

Unfortunately, by the time Madame Hooch turned around, Harper was long gone. Then, as fast as lightning, Harry was speeding after him, speeding closer to him with every second.+

"Looks like they've seen the snitch!" said Diana, and the crowd cheered madly for their respective seeker. They two seekers were speeding upward, both eyeing something ahead that held their gaze. They were both close, but Harper was closer, and Diana heard Harry yell something to him. In response, Harper fumbled the snitch between his fingers just enough to let Harry swoop in and snatch it right under his nose.42

"Holy shi--Holy crap! Gryffindor wins the game by a landslide!" she yelled over the mad roaring of the crowd. "Harry, I'll give you half of my payment from this if you'd like."231

She watched Harry laugh at her and all of the players land on the ground as the crowd stormed the field. Diana ran off the podium as well and ran toward the team.26

"Guys, that was actually not horrible to watch!" she yelled and flung herself at Harry, all but tackling him to the ground. His face was so bright with the joy of winning and he laughed into her hair. They pulled back and playfully punched his shoulder. "I didn't know you could play dirty, tricking Harper like that! I'm so proud!"244

He beamed at her, and then she was the one almost tackled by a blur of long, orange hair. "You're like the sister I never wanted too!" Ginny yelled as she squeezed Diana with more strength than could possibly exist in a tiny body. Diana laughed and they pulled apart.184

"Ronald!" she yelled, catching his attention. He was ecstatic with pride, and he grinned as he walked to her. "I'm so glad you didn't have to make me disown you!"43

"That was amazing!" he yelled.+

And then, remembering a vital piece of information, Diana abruptly turned around, her eyes quickly gazing at the various faces.3

"Minerva! Where's my money?"424

++5

After many attempts at declining and much physical forcing, Ginny managed to drag Diana to the party in the Gryffindor common room. Not even the loud chattering and the crowded room could diminish Diana's mood. And, better yet, she was ten galleons richer.59

As the days grew colder and December started to approach, Diana's good mood had inevitably diminished. She still felt better than she had, but she was not nearly as chipper as she was on the day of the Quidditch match. She had, though, grown increasingly close to Hermione and Ginny. The two were expertly avoiding Ron, which by association meant they were avoiding Harry, so Diana had taken the liberty of being the third friend in the now completed trio. She was still on good terms with Harry, of course, but he felt it difficult to get away from Ron, so she didn't see him as often. Ron had been determinedly avoiding Diana, most likely in fear of being severely yelled at.165

Diana had just been talking to Severus quietly in the empty Potions office about Draco Malfoy, and was now walking through deserted corridors and up empty stairs on her way back to her bedroom. She rounded a tight corner, and ran smack-dab into a hard body, and she stumbled but caught herself in the last moment.64

She looked up, and Harry was watching her with alarm as he helped steady here.35

"Fancy bumping into you here, Harry," she muttered. "Pun intended."63

Harry grinned. "How has Hermione been?" he asked seriously. Though Hermione nor Harry were not explicitly ignoring each other, they had both just been caught up with other things and didn't see each other as often.1

"She's hurting," Diana said after a moment. "She tries to hide it, but I can tell."4

Harry looks down in sadness. "Ron's being a real git," he said. "He's being really mean to her."1

"I know," said Diana quietly. "I haven't seen it first-hand, but if I do, I'll hex him into next Tuesday."21

Harry laughed lightly, and then his face morphed into one of anxiety and nervousness. He scratched the back of his neck awkwardly, and stuttered, "Uh--I, uh--wondering--"312

Diana watched him with great amusement as he fumbled for words. He looked like he wanted to bolt from her, but she put her hand on his shoulder to keep him from running away.6

"I was wondering if you wanted to go to Slughorn's Christmas party," he said quickly. "With me, I mean."469

She smiled lightly, but a lump appeared in her throat and she couldn't breathe very well. She wanted to go with him, very much, but this was exactly what she was afraid of. She was going to die so he could live, and she could not let herself or him become too attached. She knew it was for his own good; at least, that's what she told herself.43

Apparently, she hesitated too long, and he mumbled something about 'nevermind' and began to hasten away.33

"Wait!" she called, and he reluctantly came to a stop and turned. "Yes," she said quietly. "I'd like to go with you to the party. I've never really been to a party before."218

He beamed at her, and looked almost like he was bouncing with excitement. "Yeah, okay!" he said. "Okay, I'll, uh, meet you in the entrance hall at eight, then?"180

She smiled at him and nodded, and after much contemplation of whether he should walk away, he left with bouncing strides and out of sight.122

She chewed at her fingernails, her stomach tightening anxiously. She couldn't do this. She couldn't get too attached. She knew she couldn't.9

But, alas, Diana Riddle was always a sucker for temptation.91

So, with quick strides, she all but sprinted into the empty common room and up the stairs to the girl's dorm. She nearly knocked Hermione's dorm door off of its hinges, and Hermione, who was in there alone, nearly fainted.3

"You scared me!" she breathed with a laugh. She took in Diana's panicked appearance. "What's wrong?"+

"Something horrible has happened," she whispered, and Hermione looked worried. "Harry just asked me to the party. I said yes."74

Hermione, who thought someone might've died, rolled her eyes in exasperation but soon grinned. "You said yes!" she shrieked, and Diana looked like she was going to vomit.40

"No, no, no," she muttered, "I have to tell him no. I can't--"+

The door that she had yanked open was slam closed by Hermione, who had lurched at her.+

"You are doing this!" hissed Hermione, "I'm not letting you leave this room until you are wearing one of my dresses and I do your hair."177

Diana felt like hyperventilating, but Hermione shoved the girl onto the bed and began rifling through her things. Hermine was muttering to herself as she searched for a dress for Diana to wear.8

"Hermione, I don't want to hurt him," she said abruptly. Her voice was weak, and Hermione halted.24

"You won't hurt him, Diana," she said gently.+

"I'm going to die!" said Diana. "If he gets too close, he'll be crushed. Maybe he'd even try to stop me."57

Hermione took a seat on the bed next to Diana. "You're looking at it the wrong way," said Hermione. "Yes, you might die. But if you do, and you and Harry had gotten closer, then at least he wouldn't have any regrets."136

Diana closed her eyes but nodded. It made sense.+

So, for the next what felt like years, Hermione poked and prodded the girl, sometimes painfully, until the sky had turned slightly dim and the two finally stood side by side in front of the full-length mirror.+

Hermione had dressed her in a casual, knee-length black dress, for Diana refused to wear anything brighter. Her full lips were coated in a deep red lipstick, and her eyes were dark and smoky. Hermione wore a pretty purple dress and a small bit of makeup, but other than that, she didn't go too extreme.163

In Diana's most humble opinion, she thought that she looked like a goddess. Diana had never been one for makeup or fashion. Not that she particularly disliked the concept or anything, just that she never felt the need or the want. She was much too lazy, and she felt like in her life with her problems, makeup shouldn't be something she needed to worry about. Alas, she definitely understood the allure to makeup that girls have; it enhances features but hides blemishes, and Diana loved it. Her hair laid in soft waves over her shoulder, and she looked at least ten years older than she actually was.65

"Harry's going to piss himself," she muttered, and Hermione laughed.154

"Not just Harry--all the guys are going to be pissing themselves," she replied with a grin. "Please, can you seduce McLaggen? I don't want to be around him."66

Diana laughed loudly and the two exited the dorm and descended the stairs. +

"For such a smart person, it really was stupid of you to ask him to the dance to make Ron jealous," Diana muttered as they got closer to the common room. There was a small crowd of others who would be attending the party, and everyone turned to look at the two girls. Every guy in sight gaped at Diana, and their dates glared. She felt so confident, in fact, that she had the wits to smirk at them. They all nearly choked on air.207

Harry, who had pushed himself to the nearest space to the girls' dorm, was frozen as he stared at her with very wide eyes. His jaw was nearly touching the floor, and she laughed quietly at him and walked over. Hermione had been reluctantly swept away by McLaggen, so as Harry gaped, Diana tried to contain her loud laughter at the boy.152

"Are you alright?" she asked innocently, and he blinked a few times, as if snapping back to life.31

"Uh--oh, wow--you...you look r-really good--really good," he stuttered pathetically, and Diana couldn't contain her giggles. His face was a deep red, but he laughed with her as she she all but cackled.162

[ Diana Riddle Moodboard above ]63

Diana's friends left for the holidays, but she wasn't ready to leave quite yet. She wanted the situation with Draco to blow over before she was confronted with Harry, for she was hoping that he wouldn't ask any questions if she waited.6

Diana, with only her bag around her body, trekked down to Hogsmeade to stay in the Hog's Head, much to Aberforth's happiness. She stayed for a few days, drinking ungodly amounts of butterbeer and stocking up on a few supplies with the ten galleons she had gotten for announcing during the Quidditch game. It wasn't until Christmas Eve day that she heard from Dumbledore. He asked her to come to his office in the castle, and that's what she did. She slung her bag around her once again and trekked all the way up the snowy path to the castle.17

She arrived at the castle, walking through the deserted corridors and stairwells, and finally she made it to his office, where she muttered the password and she strode into the room and to her usual seat across from Dumbledore.+

"Severus is having a difficult time managing Draco, it seems," began Dumbledore at once. "Severus told me of the conversation that Harry overheard."+

"There was nothing I could do until it was already too late," said Diana. "I was finally able to get through to Severus, but Harry had already heard too much. We already know he's incredibly suspicious of Malfoy, and I'm worried that he's going to get in the way."+

Dumbledore nodded solemnly. "Good thinking, using Legilimency. Extremely impressive that you were able to get through to Severus."+

She chuckled weakly. Her body had begun warming, but her face still felt frozen. "I was desperate, and I think that's why I was able too." She took a deep breath and pulled her hat lower onto her head. "I'm worried, Dumbledore. It seems like everything is falling apart."2

He smiled gently at her and it was silent for a moment. "What are you worried about?"+

"Are you kidding?" she breathed with a dry laugh. "I'm worried about everything! Harry, Voldemort, Hermione, Ron, the Order, you..." she trailed off, for she could list the things that worried her for hours on end. He continued to smile gently at her.3

"I have lived a very long time," he began quietly, "and though I have suffered as you have, and though I have lived through tragedy and horror that most couldn't bare, and though I have often felt weak and powerless, there is one thing that I have learned indefinitely." He leaned forward, and replied in a whisper, "I have learned that everything works out in the end. No matter how painful it may be, no matter how terrifying or difficult, I have discovered that the universe has a funny keenness for harmony."102

"How do you do it?" she asked him quietly. "I mean, everyone always expects so much of you, yet you still manage to keep your sanity. How do you do it?"16

He chuckled, much to her surprise. "Who ever said I was sane? Insanity doesn't have to be a bad thing."168

She laughed quietly and wrung her fingers. He watched her with a small, sad smile.2

"If I'm am being honest," he began seriously, "I don't know how I do it. I haven't the faintest idea of how I've managed to keep it together, but you know what? I have. No matter how many times I thought of giving up, I didn't. And that's why I'm here today.1

"Sometimes, Diana, you just have to keep going. It is much harder than it sounds, I know, but one day you're going to look back, and you're going to think of what a long and fulfilling life you'd had."9

She gave a dry laugh. It sounded almost sinister. "No, I won't. Do you want to know why? Because I'll be dead by next year."125

"Life has a funny way of working things out. Don't give up just because you believe you have no chance."52

She swallowed thickly but nodded.+

"And on that depressing note, I believe you have friends waiting for you!" he said brightly, clapping his hands together. The tension in the room seemed to vanish, and she smiled at him. "Up you go, to the fireplace."6

She stood and walked to the fireplace, with Dumbledore trailing close by. She picked up a handful of Floo powder and walked into the fireplace.+

"Merry Christmas, Diana. Do try to keep Harry out of trouble," he said.9

She threw the powder, clearly stating, "The Burrow!" She was whisked away through green flame until she reached the Burrow. Diana was met with an entire crowd of guests in the living room when she looked up. She stepped out, brushing herself off, and smiled at them all.4

First she said hello to Mr. and Mrs. Weasley, then Remus, Bill, and Fleur. The twins came bounding over to her and they each wrapped an arm around her in a hug. Then she said hello to Ron, Harry, and Ginny, who looked very happy to see her. Everyone returned to their conversations, and Mrs. Weasley turned the radio on and a Celestina Warbeck song played loudly. Diana drifted from conversation to conversation idly, just enjoying the presence of her friends rather than paying attention to the conversations. It wasn't until she reached Harry, Mr. Weasley, and Lupin that she halted.24

"Has it occurred to you, Harry," said Mr. Weasley, "that Snape was simply pretending--?"+

"Pretending to offer help, so that he could find out what Malfoy's up to?" said Harry quickly. "Yeah, I thought you'd say that. But how do we know?"+

"It isn't our business to know," replied Lupin wearily. He looked ragged and sunken. "It's Dumbledore's business. Dumbledore and Diana trust Severus, and that ought to be good enough for us all."32

"Diana, you were there!" cried Harry. "Didn't it sound like he was working with Malfoy on something?"+

She sighed. "Harry, there are things you do not understand," she said quietly. "You will not understand, but I trust Severus wholeheartedly, as does Dumbledore."12

"But," said Harry, "just say--just say you're wrong about Snape--"+

"People have said it, many times. It comes down to whether or not you trust Dumbledore's, and even Diana's, judgment. I do; therefore I trust Severus," said Remus.30

"But Dumbledore can make mistakes," Harry argued. "He says it himself. And you--do you honestly like Snape?"46

"I neither like nor dislike Severus," said Lupin. "We shall never be bosom friends, perhaps; after all that happened between James and Sirius and Severus, there is too much bitterness there. But I do not forget that during the year I taught at Hogwarts, Severus made the Wolfsbane Potion for me every month, made it perfectly, so I did not have to suffer as I usual do at the full moon."181

Harry opened his mouth to protest, but Diana promptly cut him off.+

"You are determined to hate him, Harry," she chided gently. "And don't get me wrong, I completely understand; with Sirius as your godfather and James as your father, I can understand your resentment toward Severus. There are things you do not know, things--"8

"What don't I know?" he shouted indignantly. "I know he was a Death Eater, and that he hated my father and Sirius, I know that he is helping Malfoy--"16

"Harry," interrupted Remus, "for all we know, it could have been on Dumbledore's orders that Severus questioned Draco."+

Another Celestina song came to a close. "Shall we have a nightcap then?" said Mrs. Weasley over the chattering. "Who wants eggnog?"87

Feeling that this was an appropriate time to exit the conversation, she walked over to where Ginny, Fred, George, and Bill were sitting. She sat beside Ginny, who gave her a big grin.+

Diana Floo'd to Hogwarts a day before term started. The students would be arriving the next day through a special Floo connection the Ministry had established that would allow students to return safely and quickly, and Diana wanted to make sure she didn't get caught up in all the commotion.61

She Floo'd to the Hog's Head, and said a quick hello to Aberforth before trudging up to the quiet castle. Her Extended bag was crossed around her torso per usual, and the small pouch she had received from Harry was tucked safely away in the depths of the bag. She had put the four Communication Mirrors and Dumbledore's note inside of it. She was planning to give them the Mirrors soon, she just couldn't find the right time.+

She stayed the night in the deserted castle and kept to her bedroom when the students arrived the next day. In fact, she didn't leave her room until Hermione came bursting inside through her portrait door.14

"Harry and Ron are behind me," she said. She spat Ron's name out with disgust. Diana sighed but said nothing. Moments later, Ron and Harry trailed inside, and the latter closed the portrait behind him.+

"We're here to talk about everything that has happened over break," stated Hermione curtly, and the three arrivals sat on her bed with her. Hermione was determined to sit as far away from Ron as possible.28

So, for many hours, the four sat on her bed and talked about all of the new information. Harry explained what he had overheard between Snape and Malfoy, and about Scrimgeour visiting them at the Burrow. Hermione, as Diana had suspected, was much less convicted about Malfoy and Snape as Harry was, but she didn't push it.+

"How's Lupin?" Hermione asked. Harry had just mentioned how he was underground, spying on the werewolves.1

"Not great," said Harry. "Have you heard of this Fenrir Greyback?" he asked the group.36

"Yes, I have!" said Hermione. "And so have you! Malfoy threatened Borgin with him," she explained. "In Knockturn Alley, don't you remember? He told Borgin that Greyback was an old family friend and that he'd be checking up on Borgin's progress!"3

"Fenrir Greyback," started Diana, and their eyes snapped to her, "is one of the most vicious werewolves in history. He is very openly supportive of Voldemort, and is one of the most useful Death Eaters he has at hand. Fenrir has been able to turn a whole army of werewolves to support Voldemort. He's evil and cruel; he attacks children for fun or for revenge, like Remus.57

"Oh, also, by the way--" she pulled her the pouch from Harry out of her bag and opened it with ease. "I got these from Dumbledore for Christmas. One for each of us."+

She handed one mirror to each, leaving on for her own. They examined them curiously.+

"What are these?" asked Ron.4

"Communication Mirrors," she replied. "They're only connected to each other. If you ever need to talk to one or more of us, you chant the name or names three times and you'll be able to see and talk to them through the Mirror."61

"These are incredible," breathed Hermione, running her hands over her reflection. "These will be really useful, I bet."1

"Dumbledore thought so," she said with a shrug. The three Gryffindors left her room not long after, promising to keep their mirrors safe. She put hers back inside the pouch with the note that had been attached, and set it back into her bag.5

She fell asleep fully clothed. Her mind spun, and she didn't think she'd ever be able to fall asleep.+

But she did, and found no relief in her slumber as she delved into the depths of yet another nightmare. The next morning, she felt no relief in waking.18

++5

A few days later, Harry and Diana arrived at Dumbledore's office at the same time. They both entered and took a seat in unison, and Dumbledore smiled pleasantly at them.+

"I hear that you met the Minister of Magic over Christmas?"7

"Yes," said Harry. "He's not very happy with either of us."+

"No," sighed Dumbledore. "He is not very happy with me either. We must try not to sink beneath our anguish, Harry, but battle on."+

"It was Fudge's idea, wasn't it?" said Diana with a laugh. "Of using Harry as the Ministry's poster boy. It sounds like something he would come up with."+

"Indeed it was," replied Dumbledore, chuckling. "During his last days in office, was desperate for anything that might keep him in office, he hoped that you would give him your support--"3

"After everything Fudge did last year? After Umbridge?"50

"I told Cornelius that there was no chance of it, but the idea did not die when he left office. Within hours of Scrimgeour's appointment we met and he demanded that I arrange a meeting with both of you--"+

"So that's why you argued!" Harry blurted. "It was in the Daily Prophet."+

Dumbledore smiled. "Yes, that is why we argued. Well, it appears that Rufus found a way to corner you at last."+

"He said that we are Dumbledore's children through and through," Diana said quietly.+

"How very rude of him."+

"I told him that we were."56

It was silent. For the first time, Dumbledore appeared to be speechless. He opened his mouth a few times, only to close it again and again. Diana looked closer, and his eyes were watery.393

"I am very touched, Diana."128

Harry decided to bring up Malfoy and Snape after a moment. He explained what he had heard, and Dumbledore listened impassively. His eyes flickered imperceptibly to Diana.23

"Thank you for telling me this, Harry," he said calmly, "but I suggest that you put it out of your mind. I do not think it is of great importance."21

"Not of great importance?" repeated Harry. "Professor--"+

"Harry," pleaded Diana gently. "Trust us. Trust me. Please."20

Harry hesitated for a few moments, but nodded nonetheless. +

"And now, I must insist that we press on," said Dumbledore. "I have more important things to discuss with you this evening.+

"I have two more memories to show you this evening, both obtained with enormous difficulty, and the second of them is, I think, the most important I have collected."+

Harry did not say anything, for he was still slightly miffed about Dumbledore's passiveness about Snape.+

"So," Dumbledore continued, "we meet this evening to continue the tale of Tom Riddle, whom we left last lesson poised on the threshold of his years at Hogwarts. You will remember how excited he was to hear that he was a wizard, that he refused my company to Diagon Alley, and that I, in turn, warned him against continued thievery when he arrived at school.2

"Well, the start of the school year arrived and with it came young Tom in secondhand robes, sorted immediately into Slytherin. Also with it came shy and meek Vera Beauregard, who had been quickly sorted into Ravenclaw," Dumbledore waved his hand at a nearby shelf where the Sorting Hat perched. "How soon Riddle learned that the famous founder of Hogwarts could talk to snakes, I do not know--perhaps, that very evening. The knowledge could only have excited him and increased his sense of self-importance.8

+

Diana, Dumbledore, and Harry landed in the new memory. At once, her eyes landed on a much younger Horace Slughorn, sitting back in a comfortable, extravagant arm chair. He held a small glass of wine and sipped it idly. Diana peered around wearily, first noticing the location. They were standing in Slughorn's office. A dozen boys sat around a large table next to Slughorn, their chairs lower than his. All were in their teens, and Diana trailed her eyes over the faces.9

She thought there had been twelve boys, but her eyes landed on the beautiful, feminine face of Vera Beauregard. She sat between Tom and Horace Slughorn, and she idly tapped her fork with her finger. Tom was the most handsome out of all of the boys, and he looked relaxed and calm. One hand was resting casually on the arm of his chair, and the other, much to Diana's surprise, was intertwined with Vera's. For a fleeting moment, Diana thought it was sweet, but then she remember who she was looking at.242

"Sir, is it true that Professor Merrythought is retiring?" Tom asked conversationally. His voice was calm and collected, and he was charming with the way he spoke. Diana could understand how he had gained the trust of so many people. 1

"Tom, Tom, if I knew, I couldn't tell you," said Slughorn, wagging a reproving finger at Riddle, though he winked. "I must say, I'd like to know where you get your information, boy, more knowledgeable than half the staff, you are. You and Vera are quite the intuitive duo!"62

Tom smiled and the other boys laughed and cast him admiring looks. Vera gave a polite smile, though she looked slightly uncomfortable. Diana saw Vera tighten her grip on Tom's hand slightly.64

"What, with your uncanny ability to know things you shouldn't, and your careful flattery of the people who matter--thank you for the pineapple, by the way, you're quite right, it is my favorite."+

Several of the boys chuckled, but something strange began to happen. The room was suddenly clouded in a thick, white fog so that Diana could only see Dumbledore and Harry. What was happening behind the fog was obscured and muddled, and the only words Diana was then able to understand were said by Slughorn, in a loud, uncharacteristically angry voice:+

"You'll go wrong, boy, mark my words!"4

As quickly as it had appeared, the smog cleared and the group sat just as they were as if that hadn't happened. None of them alluded to it, and Diana decided that it was a malfunction of the memory itself. The clock on the wall chimed eleven.+

"Good gracious, is it that time already?" said Slughorn. "You'd better get going, boys, and lady, or we'll be in trouble. Lestrange, I want your essay by tomorrow or it's detention. Same goes for you, Avery."63

Slughorn lugged himself out of his chair, and the boys all filed out of the door obediently. Diana watched Tom stand up alongside Vera, their hands still clasped together, and she watched the two walk around the table toward where Slughorn was standing.2

Tom whispered something in Vera's ear, and she nodded once he had pulled back. She kissed him on the cheek lightly and walked out of the office. Tom watched her leave with an expression that rattled Diana severely. He watched her with something similar to awe; It was bizarre seeing such a serene expression on his face, and it made Diana furrow her eyebrows.203

"Look sharp, Tom," said Slughorn, who had turned around to find Tom still standing there. "You don't want to be caught out of bed out of hours, and you a prefect..."+

"Sir, I wanted to ask you something."+

"Ask away, then, m'boy, ask away..."+

"Sir, I wondered what you know about...Horcruxes?"53

As Diana's throat tightened, the room filled once again with the thick, white, swirling fog. They could not see Tom nor Slughorn.+

"I don't know anything about Horcruxes and I wouldn't tell you if I did! Now get out of here at once and don't let me catch you mentioning them again!" boomed Slughorn's voice, but again, it was unnaturally loud and peculiar.8

"Well, that's that," said Dumbledore, and he seized both teenagers and they hurtled up through the dark tunnel and back into his office.+

"That's all there is?" Harry asked bluntly, and the three took their seats.+

"The memory," Diana said quietly, staring out of the closed window at the setting sun, "has been tampered with. Someone's gone and tried to hide what really happened."22

"Tampered with?" repeated Harry.+

"Certainly," agreed Dumbledore. "Professor Slughorn has meddled with his own recollections."+

"But why would he do that?"+

"Because he is ashamed of what he remembers," whispered Diana. She almost didn't mean to say it aloud, and she was unsure if they had even heard her. "He's tried to change it because he knows he did the wrong thing."2

"And so, for the first time, I am giving you homework, Harry. It will be your job to persuade Professor Slughorn to divulge the real memory, which will undoubtedly be our most crucial piece of information of all."25

"But surely, sir," said Harry hesitantly, "you don't need me--you could use Legilimency...or Veritaserum...surely Diana could do a better job..."7

"Professor Slughorn is an extremely able wizard who will be expecting all three of those instances," said Dumbledore. "He is much more accomplished at Occlumency than Morfin Gaunt, and I would be astonished if he had not carried an antidote to Veritaserum with him ever since I coerced him into giving me this travesty of a recollection. I believe that you are the only person who might be able to fight past his defenses. It is most important that we secure the true memory, Harry."+

Harry obliged and left, bidding them both goodnight. They plunged into silence.+

"Why didn't you tell me?" she whispered weakly. She felt pathetic, but her brain felt like lead and she had such a huge lump in her throat that it took all of her energy to keep from letting out a sob.+

"I didn't want you to think ill of your mother," he replied gently. "Vera loved Tom very much, and because of that, she might've done some terrible things. But what I do know indefinitely was that your mother was a wonderful and strong woman, and that she did what she did for love."121

Diana sunk lower into her chair, and she placed her head into her hands wearily. "How is she able to speak Parseltongue?"36

There was a heavy silence that lasted so long she wondered if she had even spoken. Her cheeks were wet, and she wiped them angrily with her sleeve.+

Dumbledore peered at her with such heavy sadness. His eyes were dim, and they didn't have the bright twinkle in them that they usually did.+

"I'm afraid I haven't been entirely truthful," he said quietly. "I have omitted the truth on some occasions, and I'm truly sorry."89

Diana felt like she wanted to scream at him, hit him, kick him, throw something at him, but all she had the energy to do was shake her head sadly and let a few more tears escape. She was so tired, she didn't have the energy to be angry.19

She was so tired of the responsibility, and the life of her parents, and when she watched them act so in love all she could think of was the bitterness toward them, that this is their fault. Whatever made her mother do it, whether it was love or something else, she still helped ruin the world. She ruined Diana before she was even born, and Diana was so sick of it. She was so sick of having to clean up the mess her parents had made.95

Written by Diana Riddle on a piece of crumpled scratch paper at three o'clock in the morning:121

I often think about what my worst fear would be. Lately, it seems to be all I can think about.2

My father considers fear to be weakness; I consider fear to be human. Sometimes, my fear is the only thing that keeps me from falling off the edge. The edge that I so often teeter on, the edge of an endless abyss. If I fall, I would never be able to get back up.23

I guess it doesn't matter now, though. I'll be dead soon, anyway.66

Sometimes, I feel like my worst fear is my father. I am terrified at the thought of becoming him, no matter how alike we may be, I fear losing myself. My father has the world in his hands, and with one tiny twitch, he could ruin the world until there is nothing left but him and his empire. I'm afraid of him winning, and I'm afraid that I won't be able to stop him.30

When Ron was poisoned, I thought my worst fear would be losing someone I really care about. When Ron was in the Hospital Wing, I'd sit by his side, curled up in a sturdy wooden chair that Madam Pomfrey generously supplied. All I could think about was how terrified I was of him dying. Of anyone; Hermione, Harry, Ron, Dumbledore. . . .But I know it's only a matter of time for Albus. I'm trying so hard to prepare myself, but I can't. I can't.26

But I think for me, there is only one thing I am truly terrified about. I have fears, but there is only one thought crippling enough that has attached to my brain like a parasite. It's almost become an obsession; everything I think about somehow always circles back to this fear, this disease.2

I am absolutely, entirely, truly terrified that the world will still be corrupted with evil even when I'm gone, and I won't be able to do anything to stop it.45

I do not fear death. Dying is no fear of mine, but what happens after is. I don't want Harry to be broken when I'm gone. I don't want Hermione and Ron to lament their old friend for the rest of their lives. I don't want another Voldemort to rise when I can't help the people I love.37

I have no fear of dying, but I do fear leaving. So while I'm gone, I want those that I love to live like they had never met me. I don't want their lives to be tainted by the memory of me, and I don't want them to feel alone. I want them to live, and I want them to do great things; I want them to do the things that I will never be able to do.81

So, I'll be leaving soon. When I'm gone, I want you all to dream me the world.244

++7

"Are you afraid?"12

Her voice bounced dully against the walls of Dumbledore's circular office. It echoed slightly, like a taunt. She placed the book she was reading on her lap and Dumbledore raised his head from his work. She came here when she felt like she had nowhere else to go. Sometimes they would talk, sometimes they'd merely work or read with the easing comfort of each others' presence.33

He watched her for a few painful moments, his eyes full of emotion that she couldn't decipher. "Am I afraid of what?"+

"Dying," she said quietly. Her index finger played with the corner of the page she had been reading. It ripped after a few moments, and she closed her book entirely. She watched her hands while she waited for Dumbledore's response. She felt numb.6

"No," he said lightly. "I am not afraid of dying. I know my time is long past due, and I have long prepared myself for the inevitable."34

She nodded slowly without looking at him. She listened to the birds outside of the window chirp merrily. The sun illuminated her cheek and eyelashes. To Dumbledore, she looked ethereal; other-worldly.67

"Are you?" he asked quietly after a few moments. She didn't reply immediately. She knew the answer, but saying it aloud felt too real. If she said it, it would solidify into something that she was desperately trying to suppress.+

"I don't know," she said quietly. "I don't know whether I'm afraid of the shock of what will happen or the ache for what never will."23

She took a shaky breath. She didn't remember feeling the need to cry, but she felt a tear drip onto her hands. She angrily wiped it away and clenched her fists as if she could somehow clench them hard enough that she could squeeze her fear and her pain out of her brain. She wanted to bleed until she was empty of this poison.28

"I've always known it would come to this," she added quietly. The words tumbled out like a flood that she couldn't control. "I knew I would have to die, but I just didn't know that I'd ever have things that I would miss." She chuckled sadly and sniffed, wiping another tear from her cheek. "It was so much easier to accept death when I had nothing to live for; now, though, I have things I'll be leaving behind, and I never prepared myself for that."38

She finally looked up at Dumbledore. His eyes were glistening slightly in the evening sunlight and his smile was curved in a small, sad smile. It was one of the only times Diana had seen him look so vulnerable. His eyes were a pool of pain and sadness and so many things that he had never told her. She could see his regret for all of the bad things he had done in the past. She could see the sadness for his broken family. She could see something else, too: it was loud in him, it was screaming at her to look. To listen. She could see the readiness inside of him. She could see just how unafraid of dying he really was. She could see his wanting for it, and ultimately, she could see his understanding.46

"I know," he said, so quietly that she thought it might have been the wind. "I know what that feels like."1

He stopped and leaned to the side so he could peer at the door. "Harry is on his way," he said simply, and then looked at her again, just as he had a moment before.4

"I am truly happy that you have found something to live for, even if it had been short," he said lightly. "When the time comes, you'll know it had all been worth it.37

"The only way you can live, Diana, is if you find what you love and let it kill you. When the time comes, know that you loved so much that you bled with the pain. Die with the notion that you had loved, and people had loved you."190

As if on cue, so door opened with a slight creak. Harry quickly entered and took a seat beside Diana. His eyes lingered on her reddened cheeks and he soaked in the silence. He felt like he had interrupted something important.2

Diana only listened partially to the ensuing interrogation of Harry. He revealed that he had not collected the memory he had been told to get, and Dumbledore told him to try harder, and that was the end of the uncomfortable conversation that Diana had the misfortune to overhear.+

"Now," said Dumbledore, his tone light and kind. "We will continue with our story where we left off. You remember where that was?"+

Harry, relieved for the subject change, jumped in immediately. "Voldemort and Vera killed his father and his grandparents and framed Morfin. Then he went back to Hogwarts and he asked Professor Slughorn about Horcruxes."28

Diana's heart sped at her mother's name. She had been suppressing any information she had recently learned. Sometimes, blissful ignorance was so much more remedying than the truth.3

"Very good," Dumbledore said with a quick glance at Diana. "Now, you will remember, I hope, that I told you at the very outset of these meetings of ours that we would be entering the realm of guesswork and speculation?"+

"Yes, sir."+

"Thus far, as I hope you agree, I have shown you reasonably firm sources of fact for my deductions as to what Voldemort did until the age of seventeen?"+

Both Harry and Diana nodded.26

"But now," said Dumbledore, "now things become murkier and stranger. If it was difficult to find evidence about the boy Riddle, it has been almost impossible to find anyone prepared to reminisce about the man Voldemort. In fact, I think the only two people who could recount his entire life after school would be himself and Vera. However, I have two last memories that I would like to share with you. I shall then be glad of both of your opinions as to whether the conclusions I have drawn from them seem likely.21

"I hope you are not tired of diving into other people's memories, for they are curious recollections, these two," he said. He began to empty the contents of the first memory into the awaiting Pensieve. "This first one came from a very old House-elf by the name of Hokey. Before we see what Hokey witnessed, I must quickly recount how Lord Voldemort and Vera Beauregard left Hogwarts.8

"They reached their seventh year of schooling with, as you might imagine, the top grades in every examination that they took. Students were deciding their futures after Hogwarts, and all wondered of the what great things Tom Riddle and Vera Beauregard would do. Everyone, including I, was entirely baffled when the news broke and it was revealed that Tom Riddle worked at Borgin and Burkes while Vera had no job at all."1

"Borgin and Burkes?" Harry repeated, stunned.+

"Borgin and Burkes," repeated Dumbledore. "I think you will see what attractions the place held for him when we have entered Hokey's memory. But this was not Voldemort's first choice of job. Hardly anyone knew of it at the time--I was one of the few in whom the then headmaster confided--but Voldemort first approached Professor Dippet and asked whether he could remain at Hogwarts as a teacher."+

"He wanted to stay here? Why?" asked Harry, stunned. His eyes were wide and he sat with contained energy that threatened to burst within him.7

"Hogwarts was his home," mumbled Diana absently.59

Dumbledore nodded solemnly and added, "Also, the castle is a stronghold of ancient magic. Undoubtedly Voldemort had penetrated many more of its secrets than most of the students who pass through the place, but he may have felt that there were still mysteries to unravel, stores of magic to tap.+

"Lastly, as a teacher, he would have had great power and influence over young witches and wizards. He could create an army of impressionable wizards, able to exert even more control over them than any adult."1

"But he didn't get the job, sir?"15

"No, he did not," said Dumbledore. "Professor Dippet told him that he was too young at eighteen, but invited him to reapply in a few years, if he still wished to teach."+

"How did you feel about that, sir?" asked Harry hesitantly.+

"Deeply uneasy," he replied. "I had advised Armando against the appointment--I did not give the reasons I have given you, for Professor Dippet was very fond of Voldemort and was convinced of his honesty. But I did not want Lord Voldemort back at this school, and definitely not in a position of power."3

"Which job did he want? What subject did he want to teach?"+

"Defense Against the Dark Arts. It was being taught at the time by an old professor by the name of Galatea Merrythought, who had been at Hogwarts for nearly fifty years.17

"So Voldemort went off to Borgin and Burkes, and all the staff who had admired him said what a waste it was, a brilliant young wizard like that, working in a shop. However, Voldemort was no mere assistant. Polite and handsome and clever, he was soon given particular jobs that only exist in a place like Borgin and Burkes, which specializes, as you know, in objects with unusual and powerful properties. Voldemort was sent to persuade people to part with their treasures for sale by the partners, and he was, by all accounts, unusually gifted at doing this.+

"And now, it is time to hear from Hokey the house-elf, who worked for a very old, very rich witch by the name of Hepzibah Smith."29

After preparing the memory for their entry, they fell into the mind of Hokey the house-elf. As Diana fell through the void of darkness, she wondered if that's what dying will feel like.21

gif of vera144

It had become routine second-nature for Diana. Entering memories had become a thing of habit by now, and this time was no different. She landed in Hokey the house-elf's memory with ease, quickly assessing her surroundings before expertly awaiting the first sign of movement.+

The sitting room they stood in was excessive and lavish with expensive trinkets and colorful furniture. A very, very large woman sat before them in a large, throne-like chair. She wore a terribly ginger wig and a set of blinding pink robes which made her look oddly like strawberry ice cream melting in the sun. And old, tiny house-elf laced her fleshy feet into tight satin slippers.15

"Hurry up, Hokey!" said Hepzibah tartly. "He said they're coming at four, it's only a couple of minutes to and they've never been late yet!"+

The house-elf finished lacing her slippers, and Hebzibah scrunched her wig for volume. In actuality, it made it look more like the hair of Frankenstein's Bride.5

"How do I look?" she asked, turning to a nearby mirror and twirling so she could examine herself.1

"Lovely, Madam," squeaked Hokey.5

A tinkling doorbell rang through the room and both jumped before Hokey hastened to the door.+

"Quick, quick," hissed Hepzibah to the retreating house-elf. Hokey needed to maneuver around the copious piles of trinkets and objects that littered the room in haphazardly-methodical stacks and piles. They littered the many shelves along the wall.+

The house-elf returned within moments, followed by two figures who strode with a confident ease.+

It took no time to recognize their faces; Tom Riddle walked behind Hokey with a small bouquet of pink flowers. Hepzibah all but swooned at the young man as he smirked at her. It was all strategy; he knew the effect he had, and he intended to use it to his advantage.5

Behind him walked Vera Beauregard, her hair braided into a pretty crown around her head. She wore a black, fitted jacket over a royal purple dress that ended at her knees. She was, in all truthfulness, a goddess. She had the beauty of Aphrodite, the mind of Athena, and the strength of Artemus roaring through her veins. She was a force, just as Tom was, and she was a hurricane that couldn't be destroyed.158

"I brought you flowers," he said quietly as he handed them to her. His voice was playful, but it was an act. Vera held his hand and she stood at his side quietly.+

"You naughty boy, you shouldn't have!" said Hepzibah bashfully. "Sit down, sit down...Where's Hokey? Ah..."14

The house-elf dashed into the room carrying a silver tray of little cakes and tea, which she set on a small table between Hepzibah's throne and the couch Vera and Tom sat on.+

"Help yourself, help yourself..." she said. She grabbed a cake for herself. "My dear, Vera, you have been well I trust?" she asked with sincerity. Even to someone as grand as Hepzibah considered herself, not even she could ignore her strong and dominating presence. Hepzibah felt a very peculiar urge to impress her as if she were royalty.+

"Very well, thank you," said Vera delicately. While everyone in her vicinity would be entranced by her, she seemed to be completely oblivious to the effect she seemed to have on people. She was not quite shy, but she was quiet and introverted. She spoke sparingly and she sat straightly, but she did not use her power to manipulate like Tom did. In fact, Diana couldn't tell if Vera even understood her forceful presence even when she wasn't trying.+

"Good, very good..." said Hepzibah. "And you, Tom? You look pale. They overwork you at that shop, I've said it a hundred times..."+

Tom smiled mechanically, and Hepzibah simpered. She was attracted to Tom, but she didn't dare do anything stupid. She was just as affected by Vera and didn't dare step out of line.96

"Well, what's your excuse for visiting this time?" she asked, batting her eyelashes harmlessly.+

"Mr. Burke would like to make an improved offer for the goblin-made armor," said Tom. "Five hundred galleons, he feels it is more than fair--"+

"Now, now, not so fast, or I'll think you're only here for my trinkets!" pouted Hepzibah.+

Tom's face did not change, but Diana could see the change in his eyes. They were full of contempt and frustration, and Vera discreetly grabbed his hand tightly. It was more grounding than comforting, Diana noticed. It meant, stay calm.2

"I am ordered here because of them," said Tom quietly. "I am only a poor assistant, madam, who must do as he is told. Mr. Burke wishes me to inquire--"+

"Oh, Mr. Burke, phooey!" said Hepzibah. "I have something to show you that I've never shown Mr. Burke. Can you two keep a secret? Will you promise to not tell anyone I've got it? You will appreciate it for its history, not how many Galleons you can get for it."+

"We would love to see it," said Vera lightly, and Hepzibah beamed.+

"I had Hokey bring it out for me...Hokey, where are you? I want to show our guests our finest treasure...in fact, bring both, while you're at it...."+

"Here, Madam," squeaked the house-elf as she handed over two leather boxes stacked on top of each other. +

"Now," said Hepzibah, gingerly taking the boxes from the elf. "I think you'll like this, Tom...Oh, if my family knew I was showing you...They can't wait to get their hands on this!"+

She opened the lid of the first box. Inside was a golden cup with two fine handles on each side.2

Diana gave a great jolt, her breath catching in her throat. She had seen this. Just like the ring and the locket, she had seen this cup where she had seen the others. They littered her dreams like an infestation, and nothing could make her forget those images seared into her brain.+

Tom reached for the cup, almost hungrily, and hooked a slender finger around one of the handles. He examined it with maniacal interest that Hepzibah didn't notice. Vera did, though, and she watched Tom intently as if he was a bomb ready to blow and she would have to disarm him if necessary. He handed to cup to Vera who took it delicately and examined it with intellectual interest.35

"A badger," murmured Vera. "This was Hufflepuff's?"2

"Yes, very good!" said Hepzibah with a sharp clap. "Helga Hufflepuff's! Didn't I tell you I was distantly descended? This has been handed down in the family for years and years. Lovely, isn't it? And all sorts of powers it's supposed to possess too, but I haven't tested them thoroughly, I just keep it nice and safe in here..."+

Hepzibah took the cup back and secured it once again in its leather box.+

"Now then," she said happily, "where is Hokey? Oh yes, there you are--take that away now, Hokey."+

The elf obediently took it and retreated from the room.+

"I think you'll like this even more, Tom," she whispered, turning her attention to the second box. "Lean in a little, so you can see...Of course, Burke knows I've got this one, I bought it from him, and I daresay he'd love to get it when I'm gone..."+

She opened the lid carefully, and this time Tom reached out for the object without invitation.+

And for the second time that night, Diana gave another heavy jolt as the wind was knocked out of her lungs.+

"Slytherin's mark," said Tom quietly. His eyes were glued to the beautiful locket decorated with gleaming emeralds.1

"That's right!" said Hepzibah excitedly. "I had to pay an arm and a leg for it, but I couldn't let it pass. Burke bought it, apparently, from a ragged-looking woman who seemed to have stolen it, but had no idea of its true value--"28

A Letter to Death, written by Diana Riddle in Albus Dumbledore's office.26

I seem to see you everywhere nowadays. Lurking in shadowed corners and behind blood-spattered walls, aren't you tired? So many people are dying; do you ever get to rest? Part of that's my fault, I guess. If it weren't for my father, you wouldn't have to be so exhausted. I'm sorry you'll have to take me soon; I don't want to be a burden on you.98

When you come for me, I hope you know that I never meant for any of this to happen. I hope you know that when you come for me, I will hopefully have ended this war that was never meant to start, and then you will finally revert back to the peaceful calm you have grown so used to.6

Everyone resents you for taking the ones they love, but I know better. You are an inevitable future, even for someone so desperate to live as my father. I know that when I'm gone, I can trust you to take those who need to be taken and spare those who deserve it. I hope you treat us lost souls who have given their lives for the greater good with kindness and warmth. I hope you know that I will not fight you, in the end--52

It was ten o'clock at night in Albus Dumbledore's office, much too late for any disturbance, but alas, there was a vehement knock on the door. "Enter," said Dumbledore, and a panting Harry Potter pushed into the room. His face was red and he huffed out his breaths as if he had run the entire length of the castle. Diana folded her sheet of scrap paper discreetly and tucked it into the leather pouch she had received from Harry for Christmas.+

"Good gracious, Harry," said Dumbledore in surprise. "To what do I owe this very late pleasure?"+

"I've got it. I've got the memory from Slughorn."65

Dumbledore praised him proudly, but Diana stiffened. She knew of the Horcruxes, of course, but this memory will reveal so much more. Her nerves seemed to be tingling with energy as she watched Dumbledore pour the contents of a small vial into the familiar Pensieve. +

"And now," said Dumbledore. "Now, at last, we shall see..."+

The air was coarse with bubbling anticipation as the three dived into the Pensieve only to land in Professor Slughorn's office. Just like the last time they had watched, it was decorated in wonderful linens and extravagant dining ware as the large group sat around the large table. Just as it had been before, Vera sat between Tom and Slughorn with her hand clasped tightly around Tom's.8

"Sir, is it true that Professor Merrythought is retiring?" said Tom just as he had in the tampered memory. And just as it had happened, Professor Slughorn playfully chided Tom, praising him and his girlfriend--his two favorite students.+

"Thank you for the pineapple, by the way, you're quite right, it is my favorite. I confidently expect you to rise to Minister of Magic withing twenty years. Fifteen, if you keep sending me pineapple, I have excellent contacts at the Ministry."14

Tom merely smiled at the man and the other boys laughed. Vera only sat quietly with her other hand playing with the edge of her napkin.1

"I don't know that politics will suit me, sir," he said when the laughter died away. "I don't have the right kind of background."+

"Nonsense," said Slughorn briskly, "couldn't be plainer you come from decent Wizarding stock, abilities like yours. No, you'll go far, Tom, I've never been wrong about a student yet."67

Tom's eyes seemed to gleam with something evil, but it was so subtle that no one around the table noticed. Diana saw Vera smile ever-so-slightly and squeeze his hand. Again, she was his anchor.23

The clock behind them chimed eleven, and Slughorn looked around in surprise.+

"Good gracious, is it that time already?" he said. "You'd better get going, boys, and lady, or we'll all be in trouble. Lestrange, I want your essay by tomorrow. Same goes for you, Avery."1

One by one the boys filed out of the room. Just like in the tampered memory, Tom and Vera stood together, and he whispered something to her. She kissed his cheek and left, and he watched her with an expression oddly akin to awe. He lingered near Professor Slughorn, and Slughorn turned around.2

"Look sharp, Tom, you don't want to be caught out of bed out of hours, and you a prefect..."+

"Sir, I wanted to ask you something."+

"Ask away, then, m'boy, ask away..."71

"Sir, I wondered what you know about...about Horcruxes?"+

There was no white fog this time. Slughorn stared at the boy, and Diana could see the atmosphere change. Whether Slughorn realized it or not, it was darker. Colder.+

"Project for Defense Against the Dark Arts, is it?"+

"Not exactly, sir," said Tom. "I came across the term while reading and I didn't fully understand it."+

"No...well...you'd be hard-pushed to find a book at Hogwarts that'll give you details on Horcruxes, Tom, that's very Dark stuff, very Dark indeed."+

"But you obviously know all about them, sir? I mean, a wizard like you--sorry, I mean, if you can't tell me, obviously--I just knew if anyone could tell me, you could--so I just thought I'd ask--"9

Every word that came out of his mouth, every twitch of his eyebrow, ever movement of his hands was calculated and analyzed. This was a performance, a very impressive one, down to even subtle gestures, all to charm the Professor into giving Tom this information. For a fleeting moment, Diana almost twistedly admired his obvious skill, but that thought was soon banished the moment she even considered it.9

"Well," said Slughorn, avoiding Tom's eyes, "well, it can't hurt to give you an overview, of course. Just so that you understand the term. A Horcrux is the word used for an object in which a person has concealed part of their soul."+

"I don't quite understand how that works, though, sir," said Tom.+

"Well, you split your soul, you see," said Slughorn, "and hide part of it in an object outside the body. Then, even if one's body is attacked or destroyed, one cannot die, for part of the soul remains earthbound and undamaged. But of course, existence in such a form..."42

Slughorn's face crumpled, and Diana was restless. She twitched with such eagerness that her muscles feel as if they were trying to escape her skin.+

"...few would want it, Tom, very few. Death would be preferable."+

Riddle could no longer contain his excitement. His expression was full of greedy longing, obvious to anyone looking at him.+

"How do you split your soul?"+

"Well," said Slughorn uncomfortably, "you must understand that the soul is supposed to remain intact and whole. Splitting it is an act of violation, it is against nature."+

"But how do you do it?"+

"By an act of evil--the supreme act of evil. By committing murder. Killing rips the soul apart. The wizard intent upon creating a Horcrux would use the damage to his advantage: he would encase the torn portion--"14

"Torn? But how--?"+

"There is a spell, do not ask me, I do not know!" said Slughorn. His discomfort was very evident now, but he did not allude to it. "Do I look as though I've tried it--do I look like a killer?"11

"No, sir, of course not," hastened Tom. "I'm sorry...I didn't meant to offend..."+

"Not at all, not at all, not offended," said Slughorn gruffly. "It's natural to feel some curiosity to these things....Wizards of a certain caliber have always been drawn to that aspect of magic..."+

Written by Diana Riddle on a torn sheet of paper.86

Sometimes, I think I see her in my dreams. My mother stands before me, smiling at me like she was so proud, like I was so brave, her hand outstretched for mine. She stands in a beautiful, flowy blue dress. It looked like she was being caressed by water, streaming over her limbs and body like a great river.+

Dumbledore told me no one knows what happened to her. By now, most people assume that she's dead, as did I for a very long time. But now, if Tom Riddle really had created a Horcrux for her--3

Interrupting her from her mindless scribbling, a great, illuminating, silver orb flew into her bedroom. For a moment, it merely floated before her, but then, a familiar voice boomed from it like a speaker:+

"Moaning Myrtle's bathroom. Now."94

Severus Snape's incorporeal Patronus vanished into thin air, and before she had processed what she was doing, she ran.2

She ran from her room with only her wand in hand and through the copious corridors until she reached the bathroom of the famous crying ghost. Behind the door, she saw Severus Snape crouched over a bloodied body and Harry not standing too far away.48

As she approached the body on the ground, her eyes couldn't stop watching the crimson blood float in the water on the flooded floor like dye. It traveled like a cloud through the sky, but it didn't leave blue sky behind--it left contaminated poison in its wake.2

Draco Malfoy was unconscious on the floor. Myrtle screamed nearby, but Diana could not hear it. Her eyes flicked from Harry to the bloodied body of Malfoy and back, before finally settling on Severus.56

"What happened?" she asked him. Her voice was strong, but she did not feel strong.1

Harry stuttered a stunned reply. "I didn't--I didn't know--"+

She turned her glassy eyes to him. "What did you do?"+

Snape continued muttering the countercurse as the wounds seemed to be healing right under his hand.+

"Diana," said Snape, "take Draco to the hospital wing. Now."27

And that's what she did. "Wingardium Leviosa," she muttered, and Draco's body lifted from the ground until he was floating in the air, and she ran to the wing, with his body trailing in front of her. She ran, her hair whipping in her wake, students ogling them with horror, but she did not care.177

She pushed open the hospital wing doors and ran to the nearest bed, laying Draco on the bed carefully. Madam Pomfrey squeaked in surprise but rushed to the bloodied boy.+

"Dittany," said Diana breathlessly. "He needs Dittany, now."3

Madam Pomfrey was one step ahead of her. She had already conjured the small bottle and then began applying it to the boy's wounds. Diana stood nearby, her eyes plastered on the pale face of Draco Malfoy. It was red, like he had been crying.+

Diana had never understood anyone right now more than she thought she understood Draco.280

++4

Diana did not eat, nor did she do anything but sit in her bedroom, staring into the blazing fire. Many hours later, she finally stretched her stiff legs and walked slowly out of her room and down many stairs and corridors until she arrived at the great double doors of the hospital wing. She pushed them open with ease, and the large room held only a quiet Draco Malfoy and a bustling Madam Pomfrey, though at the sight of Diana, she hustled into her office and closed the door behind her.+

At the sound of the doors opening, Malfoy looked over. Again, it looked like he was crying, but as soon as his eyes settled on Diana his face morphed into one of pure terror. He scuttled clumsily up into a sitting position against the headboard and his eyes were wide and watery.+

"What are you doing here?" he asked quickly, his eyes darting to the door like he was calculating an escape.57

She did not answer, for she quietly strode to bed next to his and sat on the edge so she was facing him. He stared at her, dumbfound, but did not speak or move.+

"Why are you so scared of me?" she asked finally, her voice quiet and calm. In the silent wing, her words carried and bounced off the walls, and it irked her.26

He did not answer. She couldn't tell if he was struggling for the right words or purposely keeping it to himself. It was silent for a long time before she decided to speak again.+

"I know what he's asked you to do."+

His body jolted like he had been hit, and he seemed to be trembling underneath his hospital robes. His eyes had, if possible, gotten wider as he stared at her.+

"I'm not going to kill you, Draco. I know you have no other choice."+

After a very long pause, he finally spoke. His voice was weak and scratchy, most likely from crying, and he weakly shook his head.+

"He'll kill me," he whispered. He was terrified, it was obvious, and he looked like a scared little boy. She felt truly sorry for him. "I don't...I don't have a choice."199

"I know," she said quietly. She hesitated for a moment, then said, "I need you to help me, Draco."+

He began to panic. "I-I can't--"+

"It's okay," she assured quietly. "Now, why are you so afraid of me?"+

He seemed to be deeply conflicted as he stared at his hands.+

"One of the others once mentioned your name," he mumbled quietly, "and-and You-Know-Who killed him where he stood."211

He took a deep breath and Diana closed her eyes for only a moment. The sky was darkening, and the wind whistled against the glass of the large windows. He had not explicitly explained, but she understood--he was afraid of Voldemort's reaction if he talked to her.+

"Does he ever talk about my mother?" she asked him quietly after many apprehensive moments. His fingers twitched, and she patiently awaited an answer.+

"Please, don't ask me this," he whispered in a strangled tone. "He'll kill me."143

And now, Diana's interest had piqued, and she could not leave without an answer. He knew something, something Diana was never supposed to know.+

After many silent beats, she spoke. Her fingers were laced together on her lap and she peered at the broken boy in front of her.+

"I'll make you forget," she whispered. "If you tell me, I'll make you forget that you mentioned anything about my mother. He'll never know."+

He did not speak, though he did not immediately deny the offer. A lock of his white hair drifted into his eyes, and he pushed it away quickly.+

"Do you promise he'll never know?" he whispered.86

"I give you my word."80

He didn't speak for a very long time, and she had almost given up. Finally, though, he spoke so quietly she could've been convinced it was merely the wind, but she heard him.+

"I don't know much," he began in a hushed haste. "I just know. . .He wants to get into the castle for some reason, some very important reason, and it has to do with her."104

"Thank you, Draco," she breathed.+

She did not think when she lifted her wand to his temple and took his memory of what he had told her. She did not think when she mechanically got to her feet and walked out of the hospital wing, and she certainly did not think when her legs took her to Dumbledore's office, and he asked her and Harry to accompany him for the next Horcrux.19

+3

In everyone's life, there is always a moment that changes everything. A moment that turns good to evil, pure to tainted, wise to foolish.+

Tonight felt like that night for Diana Riddle.66

Dumbledore had made them swear to do anything he says, even if it is to abandon him. She could feel the trembling in her fingers then, the swift wave of fear that she could not explain.+

Tonight was important, she thought. Tonight, something will happen.88

She could then feel the slight pounding in her head as they walked to Hogsmeade, Harry safely hidden under his Invisibility cloak and Diana's bag slung around her shoulders like a warrior's battle gear.+

Tonight, something will go wrong, she thought. Tonight, it will only be dark.+

She could feel the cool drip of dread all the way to her toes, soaking her body with chills that she could not shake no matter how tight she clung to her bag.+

And, she could feel it when she, Dumbledore, and Harry Apparated into the great beyond, their journey to their next chapter in their lives.1

She could feel the fear, and she could feel that tonight, the sky is going to fall.144

+

Salt water sprayed her face and waves crashed along jagged rocks and the cliff-face before them. She knew where they were: perched upon one of the rocks in the sea below the cave she saw in her dreams, facing the cave that meant so much to her father. They were here for a Horcrux.75

In the cave, Dumbledore's lit wand caused their shadows to dance on the slimy rock walls. They jumped and watched them, flickering violently after Dumbledore lit a torch on one of the walls. The ominous air caused bumps to rise on Diana's skin, creeping up her arms and neck until she shook from the cold.2

The cave sunk deep into the cliff, a cavernous expanse that was almost entirely undisturbed.+

"Yes, this is the place," Dumbledore muttered as he peered at the walls shining with ocean mist.+

"How can you tell?" whispered Harry.+

"It has known magic," said Dumbledore simply.+

Diana crept toward a dip in one of the walls, shadowed and dark and nearly hidden. She lit her wand, pointing it at the small hole. The wall, slimy and wet with mist, was covered in bright green moss. She pulled some of it to the side, and ran her fingers along an etching.7

Behind her, Dumbledore was standing in front of an outline of an arched door. "Surely not," he muttered. "I rather think we a required to make payment to pass.+

"Blood, if I'm not mistaken."+

"Stop."+

Diana's eyes were glued to carving on the hidden wall, tracing the lines with her eyes like a puzzle and running her fingers over the deepest etches.+

"It has to be my blood."+

Dumbledore was next to her now, and they peered at the wall in curious wonder.+

Behind the bright moss, a large, detailed snake was carved, curved into a circle with its tail between his jaws. A large, glittering, purple gem was set as the eye of the snake, reflecting the light of their wands like a mirror.+

"It needs my blood," she said, tracing the gem with her index finger. "It can only be opened by Voldemort's blood or Vera's. Or both."66

And so, stepping to the stone arch embedded into the opposite wall, she pulled a silver dagger sheathed in leather from her bag and sliced her palm. The blood trickled from the wound and it stung as she pressed it into the stone, the small pebbles digging into her skin and her hands sticking from the wetness.137

The arch glowed a magnificent silver, not unlike the color of the memories in the Pensieve. Under the arch, what was once stone was now a open passage into another cavern, one that was significantly larger than the one they were standing in now. Set before them was a gigantic lake, black under the dark ceiling and flowing far into the shadowed cave. The outer banks were hidden in the darkness, and the lake was still, like it was made purely of glass.35

"Let us walk," said Dumbledore quietly. "Be very careful not to step into the water. Stay close to me."12

They followed him around the edge of the lake closest to them as he examined the water. Their footsteps made loud slapping noises against the ground and it made her increasingly uneasy.+

"Professor," said Harry. "Do you think we're going to have to go into the lake?"+

"Into it? Only if we are very unfortunate."9

"You don't think the Horcrux is at the bottom?"2

"Oh no . . . I think the Horcrux is in the middle."+

"So we're going to have to cross the lake to get to it?"+

All of a sudden, Dumbledore muttered, "Aha!" His hand clamped around something invisible near the water and he tugged. A thick chain emerged from the depths in his hand, and next came a small boat that floated idly on the surface. Dumbledore beamed in delight, and ushered Harry and Diana into the boat, next clambering in himself.5

The journey across was slow and agonizingly quiet. Diana listened to the water almost hum with energy, and she saw shadows deep underneath.5

Harry yelled and scooted backward away from the edge of the boat.+

"There are bodies in there!" he yelled, and Diana peered over the edge. A pale, blueish figure of a man was floating in the water, and his robes swirled around him like smoke.274

"Yes," said Dumbledore, "but we do not need to worry about them at the moment."+

"At the moment?"48

Dumbledore did not answer, and they once again fell into a foreboding silence. Soon, a green glow emerged from the thick darkness, illuminating the rocky ground of a small island.+

"Nearly there," said Dumbledore cheerfully, and they slowly approached the small island.24

The light of their wands shone against the wet rock of the little island, and the green glow in the center cast an eerie glow across their faces. They carefully climbed out of the boat, avoiding the water. The green glow was coming from a stone pedestal in the center of the rock, with a shallow bowl rather similar to a Pensieve sitting on top. Dumbledore slowly approached the pedestal, with Diana closely in tow, and Harry in the back. Inside the bowl was a cloudy, emerald liquid that looked like acid.+

"What is it?" Harry asked quietly, thought his voice echoed through the cavern as if he had shouted.+

"I am not sure," said Dumbledore. "Something more worrisome than blood and bodies, however."+

He pushed back the sleeve over his blackened hand and reached toward the bowl.+

"Sir, no, don't touch--!"+

"I cannot touch," he replied with a faint smile. "See?"+

Surely, as if he was touching a glass surface, he pressed his hand to the liquid as if it was solid.+

"Out of the way, please Harry--"+

"No, Dumbledore," said Diana quickly, "Let me--"+

"No," he said. His voice was strong and sure, and she fell silent under his gaze. She knew what it meant.+

You're more important to this than I am.104

"You think the Horcrux is in there, sir?"+

"Oh yes," Dumbledore said.6

Diana waved her wand. Before her, a golden goblet appeared in her hand.1

"Use this," she said quietly. He nodded at her gratefully and the three circled the pedestal.+

"What?" yelled Harry. "No!"+

"Yes, I think so: only by drinking it can I empty the basin and see what lies in its depths."14

"But what if--what if it kills you?"+

"I doubt it," said Diana. "Voldemort would not want to kill the person who reached this island."+

"This is Voldemort we're talking about--"+

"Exactly, Harry, this is Voldemort. He prizes his knowledge and power over anything else; don't you think he'd be delighted to know how someone could have possibly figured out his little hiding place? Of course, he'd kill them after, but his own arrogance would be the thing keeping the intruder alive, if only for a little longer."+

It was silent as Harry frowned and Dumbledore peered down at the emerald liquid.+

"Undoubtedly," he said finally, "this potion must act in a way that will prevent me taking the Horcrux. It might paralyze me, cause me to forget what I am here for, create so much pain I am distracted, or render me incapable in some other way. This being the case, it will be your job to make sure I keep drinking, even if you have to tip the potion into my protesting mouth. You understand?"95

In a moment, life can change.252

In the blink of any eye, empires can fall, and water can turn to ice, and light can turn dark. Cities can crumble in a moment; life can cease to exist in a moment. 32

For Diana, her life never really changed. It was always the same old story, the same old verse. Her life had always been the same sequence that always led to the same outcome: save the world, lose everything.30

Now, though, as she turned her face to the sky, the green, swirling light like the Northern Lights illuminating her face, illuminating her anger, she could feel her life changing. The glow of the Dark Mark was the catalyst in the event that will change everything. She knew it, as did Dumbledore, as they stood on the crumbling street in the middle of Hogsmeade. Albus Dumbledore and Diana Riddle knew the moment they set their eyes on the mark of Voldemort in the black sky.+

They knew this was the end for Dumbledore, and the start of something so much bigger than anything they could ever fathom.37

Harry summoned Madam Rosemerta's brooms, and the three clambered onto them. When Dumbledore told Rosemerta to alert the Ministry, Diana did not listen. When Harry put his Invisibility cloak over himself, she did not watch. She could not feel the weight of her bag against her hip or the cold wind against their face as they flew to the castle.10

Diana had never really known fear, but she thought she did now.+

The Astronomy Tower loomed in sight, and they landed at the top. Diana did not hear Dumbledore tell Harry to fetch Severus. She did not hear the footsteps on the other side of the door.+

But she heard the blast of the door as it exploded open, and she felt her body get flown the the wall, her body freezing, immobilized. She felt a trickle down her head to her fingers like water. She heard a body next to her hit the wall, but she could see nothing except Draco Malfoy stepping into the room, causing Dumbledore's wand to fly out of his slackening hand, his face ashen and his wand aloft. He peered around the room, and his eyes glazed right over Diana; he could not see her, nor could he see Harry next to her under his Invisibility cloak.3

"Good evening, Draco," said Dumbledore.6

Diana couldn't do so much as twitch her fingers. She watched with wide eyes, with horror, with pain, and she knew. She knew what would come tonight.13

Draco's eyes fell onto the other two brooms. "Who else is here?"+

"A question I might ask you. Or are you acting alone?"+

"No," said Draco. He tried to be strong, but Diana could hear the shallow tremor in his voice, and she could see the unsteady shaking of his hand. "I've got back-up. There are Death Eaters here in your school tonight."21

"Well, well," said Dumbledore, "Very good indeed. You found a way to let them in, did you?"4

"Yeah," said Malfoy, a little too strongly. "Right under your nose and you never realized it!"111

The Dark Mark shone behind Dumbledore, silhouetting him in eerie green, almost the color of the liquid he had been forced to drink earlier.1

"Ingenious," Dumbledore replied. "Yet. . .forgive me. . .where are they now? You seem unsupported."+

"They met some of your guard. They're having a fight down below. They won't be long. . .I came on ahead. I--I've got a job to do."+

The Guard. Terror seized her, but she could not move, and she could not ease the hard pounding of her heart.+

"We, then, you must get on and do it, my dear boy," said Dumbledore softly.+

Draco Malfoy, so pained, so conflicted, could not seem to do what he needed too. Diana ached for him, for Dumbledore, as she watched the inner struggle of the broken boy and the gritty determination and acceptance of the old man.+

"Draco, Draco, you are not a killer."115

"How do you know?" said Malfoy at once. "You don't know what I'm capable of, you don't know what I've done."28

No matter how much Draco tried to convince himself, Diana knew he was not, nor will he ever be, a killer. He was born into a life he had never asked for, just like herself, and just like Harry.36

"Oh, yes, I do," said Dumbledore calmly. "You almost killed Katie Bell and Ronald Weasley. You have been trying, with increasing desperation, to kill me all year. Forgive me, Draco, but they have been feeble attempts. . .so feeble, to be honest, that I wonder whether your heart has been really in it. . ."+

"It has been in it!" said Malfoy vehemently. "I've been working on it all night, and tonight--"1

Below them, there was a muffled yell.+

"Somebody is putting up a good fight," Dumbledore said conversationally. "But you were saying. . . yes, you have managed to introduce Death Eaters into my school which, I admit, I thought impossible . . . how did you do it?"+

Malfoy did not answer. He was frozen, listening to the sound of the fight below them, nearly as paralyzed as Diana was.+

He was not a killer, nor was he evil. He was aching, and he had no choice. He was not a killer, and he seemed to be battling with that as he listened to the fighting.83

"Perhaps you ought to get on with the job alone," suggested Dumbledore. "What if your backup has been thwarted by my guard? As you have perhaps realized, there are members of the Order of the Phoenix here tonight, too. And, after all, you don't really need help. . .I have no wand at the moment . . . I  cannot defend myself."6

Malfoy merely stared.+

"I see," said Dumbledore kindly. "You are afraid to act until they join you."+

"I'm not afraid!" he snarled at once. "It's you who should be scared!"18

"But why? I don't think you will kill me, Draco. Killing is not nearly as easy as the innocent believe. . . so tell me, while we wait for your friends. . .how did you smuggle them in here? It seems to have taken you a long time to work out how to do it."3

"I had to mend that broken Vanishing Cabinet that no one's used for years," he said after a moment.3

"That was clever. . .there is a pair, I take it?"+

"The other's in Borgin and Burkes," said Malfoy, "and they made a kind of passage between them. Montague told me that when he was stuck in the Hogwarts one, he was trapped in limbo but sometimes he could hear what was going on at school, and sometimes what was going on in the shop, as if the Cabinet was travelling between them, but he couldn't make anyone hear him. . .in the end he managed to Apparate out, even though he's never passed his test. He nearly died doing it. Everyone thought it was a really good story, but I was the only one who realized what it meant--even Borgin didn't know-- I was the one who realized there could be a way into Hogwarts through the Cabinets if I fixed the broken one."23

"Very good," murmured Dumbledore. "So the Death Eaters were able to pass from Borgin and Burkes into the school to help you. . .a clever plan, a very clever plan. . .and, as you say, right under my nose . . ."+

"Yeah, yeah it was!"8

"But there were times," Dumbledore went on, and Diana tried to move again, "weren't there, when you were not sure you would succeed in mending the Cabinet? And you resorted to crude and badly judged measures such as sending me a cursed necklace that was bound to reach the wrong hands. . . poisoning mead there was only the slightest chance I might drink. . ."+

Before now, watching Dumbledore disappear over the edge of the tower, she had never felt this level of pain. She had seen death and war and heartbreak and hopelessness; she had lost things, so many things over her years, cursed with a life she never wanted and cursed to deal with all of the pain that came with, and there was a lot of pain in this life, she learned quickly. Living in the shadow of such evil, whether evil yourself or not, was always something that others had come to fear. She had felt pain and sadness and agony and terror and everything in between, and she had been so sad that the first year she was in St. Mungo's, she took a blade to her wrist and tried to bleed herself dry. She had been in so much pain that once, about a year before Dumbledore came to her in the hospital, she once took downed an entire bottle of pain potion. She came to realize soon after that drinking pain medicine when you're not in pain means you're a lot sicker than you thought.105

But that pain was different. Here, watching Albus Dumbledore die, she was being ripped apart to the core, piece by piece torn from her body, bone by bone shredded and crushed and broken. This was not pain, surely, this must be death, she must be dying.+

And her father, void of all emotion but love for Vera Beauregard, had never seemed more appealing. To not feel this pain, this horrible, horrible pain, would be a sacrifice worth making.20

And something Diana realized long ago, solidified in her mind only by this pain, was that it was both a blessing and a curse to feel things so very deeply. Right now, it was a curse; the worst curse of all.2

This pain, though, did not stop her from jumping to her feet, her bag at her hip and her wand in hand. It did not stop her from blasting the Carrow twins into the wall, their heads cracking the stone, and it did not stop her from rounding relentlessly on Fenrir Greyback.2

"Crucio!" she screamed as Harry ran down the stairs after Malfoy and Snape, Fenrir's screams chasing after him all the way down. The werewolf writhed on the ground and screamed with such force she thought his throat might be bleed, and she laughed. She laughed at his pain, she laughed as she caused him so much agony and terror.307

Finally, she had her fill, and she sent a bolt of blue light to him and he remained on the ground like the Carrows, unconscious.+

Her legs moved on their own accord as she sprinted down the steps of the tower and into the battle. Death Eaters and Order members were throwing curses left and right, and bodies, dead or alive, littered the floor intermittently between rubble and chunks of wall. Diana sent a jet of blue light at the masked Death Eater Ginny was fighting, and they flew backward into the wall.+

"Diana!" Ginny yelled. "When did you and Harry get back?"+

"No time!" she yelled back, her brain running on its own accord. "Are the others okay?"+

"I think!" she said. "Hey, wait--"+

Diana was running down the corridor, her feet first taking her to the first floor near the kitchens. A group of pajama-clad Hufflepuffs were in the corridor outside of their dorm, peering around.27

Ernie Macmillan saw her first. "We heard a noise, and someone said something about the Dark Mark--"1

"Listen to me!" she yelled, skidding to a stop before the group. "Go back inside your common room and do not come back out until someone you trust comes for you, do you understand?"+

Ernie opened his mouth to say something else.+

"I said, do you understand?" she yelled, her voice rumbling in the corridor. The Hufflepuffs immediately scurried back inside, and the moment they were shut safely in their common room, she took off again, this time up the stairs, toward Ravenclaw Tower.+

She sprinted past rubble and a few injured bodies and others fighting, but she ignored them, and they did not notice her. She arrived at the Tower, and just like the Hufflepuffs, a group of Ravenclaws in pajamas stood outside their common room.+

Anthony Goldstein stood at the front of the group. "What's going on--?"31

"Get everyone back inside," she said at once, skidding to a halt in front of him. "Do you understand me? Get in the common room, and do not come out until someone comes for you. Do not come out at all."+

He did not argue. He yelled at everyone to turn back, and they all pushed through to their common room until they were safely inside.26

Outside, Hagrid's hut was on fire, and loud shouting echoed up to Ravenclaw Tower.+

Before she knew it, sprinting past windows and curious students and Professors and Order members, she was outside. The Death Eaters were gone, and the still castle bustled to life.+

At the bottom of the Astronomy Tower, partially hidden by shadows, was a body. She didn't have to think twice to know who it was.35

Maybe it was minutes, maybe hours, maybe days, but she stood, staring at the mass on the ground. Maybe she murmured to Professor Flitwick to tell the students the castle was safe, maybe she didn't. Maybe she walked a few feet until she could see his face, his eyes open and glassy, looking toward the Dark Mark in the sky. Maybe she didn't.+

But it must've been a long time. Students began to file out of the front doors, and she soon found herself at Dumbledore's side, her knees buckling until she had fallen right at his side. She ran her fingers over his eyelids, closing them, and by the way his limbs were bent, he could've been sleeping. She straightened his glasses and wiped the small trickle of blood coming from his mouth.215

She felt Harry beside her, and she felt the cold chain of the Horcrux spilling out of Dumbledore's pocket, and she heard the murmuring and muffled sobs of the students behind her.1

Her eyes burned and tears trickled down her cheeks, glowing now under the light of the many wands of students and teachers alike lit behind her. The Dark Mark was being drowned now by the light of their wands. The evil that was burning above was being conquered by the light of their sadness.413

Diana's mind flitted to the the letter she had received from Dumbledore at Christmas, the one attached to her Communication Mirrors. He had written an old Muggle poem.+

Do not go gentle into that good night. . .old age should burn and rave at close of day. . .rage, rage, against the dying of the light.20

He had written that he would not be going gentle into that good night.+

But today, this was not a good night, and even though she had known this was going to happen, she knew that the scars this will leave will never be gentle inside of her. She watched him rage for so long against the dying of the light.2

And even with the light emanating from the lit wands behind her, it was so, so dark.237

+

Dumbledore is dead.216

It was all she could think about. She and Harry were ushered to the hospital wing by Ginny, but Diana was not listening to whatever she was telling them.2

Dumbledore is dead.6

The hospital wing was crowded with familiar faces, but none eased the pain inside of her now. Neville, asleep, was laying on top of one of the beds near the door. Ron, Hermione, Luna, Tonks, and Lupin were gathered around a bed in one of the far corners of the wing. When they heard the doors opening, they looked up.3

Hermione launched herself at Harry and Diana respectively, but Diana could not bring herself to hug back. Her arms were made of lead and her skull throbbed as her eyes were glued to the figure in the bed, injured and bandaged.+

Dumbledore is dead.55

It was Bill, his face grotesque and gory, and Madam Pomfrey was dabbing his face with a harsh-smelling potion. He was attacked by a werewolf. For a fleeting moment, Diana almost felt a sliver of joy for torturing Fenrir.6

Diana had not been listening to their conversation, but the words tumbled out of her mouth on her own.+

"Dumbledore is dead."10

She did not listen to Harry explain how Snape murdered Dumbledore in cold blood. She walked to the window, facing the forest that was now being illuminated by the rising sun, the orange glowing against the burnt remnants of Hagrid's hut and the swaying branches of the Whomping Willow.+

She had never felt more alone.70

She was the only one left. The only one who knew that Snape was no villain, the only one who knew how dangerous the world will really be now. She was alone, and never before had she felt so tormented by that fact.9

McGonagall joined them some time later, and she, too, indignantly shouted about the wickedness of Severus Snape. They all called him a traitor, evil, and they were all thinking how Dumbledore was a fool for trusting him.38

Diana wanted to shout. She didn't. Diana wanted to scream and cry. She didn't. She only blindly looked out of the window, her back to the others, her mind somewhere far, far from where they were standing.2

She did not jump like the others when the door burst open and Mr. and Mrs. Weasley came rushing in, closely followed by a terrified Fleur. She did not listen as they were told Dumbledore was dead, and she did not listen as they cried over Bill Weasley and the fallen headmaster.+

Dumbledore is dead.32

She did not jump when the door was pushed open again and Hagrid waddled inside, sniffling and weeping loudly.1

Later on, she only vaguely heard McGonagall say something to her, and she was being pulled by the arm out of the wing and into the corridor.+

Harry stood beside her, and McGonagall peered at them both.+

"I would like to know what you two and Professor Dumbledore were doing this evening when you left the school."2

Harry answered something, but she could only hear like she was underwater and listening to something outside.3

The conversation began to get heated, and Diana's voice, quiet and flat, interrupted them.+

"We cannot tell you where we were," she said. "If you've ever trusted me, trust me now."+

McGongall said nothing else and nodded, ushering them back into the hospital wing and setting off for somewhere else.+

Dumbledore is dead, and I am alone.244

++3

Suddenly, it was the next day. She didn't sleep. Ginny and Hermione quietly come to her room and helped her to the shower and helped pick out a dress, and they grabbed each of her hands as they walked outside to the lake, where white chairs and flowers had been set up. Diana recognized many of the faces, and some tried to say hello. She said nothing to them. They sat in the front row. She was right next to Harry, and he slipped his hand in hers.258

She stepped up to the marble tomb, which was open, with Dumbledore sleeping inside. His robes were a brilliant blue with golden stars, and his spectacles perched perfectly on the bridge of his nose.15

She touched his hand. It was cold.4

"Please don't leave me," she whispered. "Please don't go. . ."220

But he didn't answer, and she didn't expect him to. She floated back to her seat mindlessly, and Harry once again slipped his hand in hers.51

Later, people milled around the grassy grounds, talking and mourning and drinking firewhiskey and champagne.1

"The locket was a fake," said Harry quietly. "Someone else had stolen it before us."19

At this point, Diana couldn't find it in her to be surprised.+

"We'll find them," he whispered to her, giving her hand a squeeze. "We'll find the Horcruxes, and we'll destroy him."31

She wasn't thinking when she leaned her head onto his shoulder and gripped his hand tighter.126

"I'm so tired, Harry," she whispered. Her voice cracked.88

He leaned his head on hers.130

"I know," he breathed back. "I am too."45

There, sitting with each other at the funeral of their only parent, they were not alone. Maybe they felt like it, maybe they felt so alone and empty that they thought they could die from the pain, but they weren't.48

Together, they were going to find the Horcruxes and destroy them. Together, they were going to kill Tom Riddle. Together, they were going to make Dumbledore proud of them, and they were going to give their friends the lives that they always deserved.33

Together, they will figure out Vera Beauregard's secrets, and they were going to avenge Sirius Black and Cedric Diggory and Harry's parents and Dumbledore and all the people who have been lost, because if they didn't do it, they didn't know who will. 62

Together, they were going to win the war that they were born to fight.1

Together, they will destroy Lord Voldemort like he destroyed them.351

+

Hello, lovely readers!+

This is such a happy moment for me. I have never finished a story on Wattpad, much less written one with over 40 chapters. But don't worry, this is not the end of Diana Riddle!42

The sequel and continuation of this story has been posted, titled 'The Last Verse,' and I encourage you to all check it out, because I have a lot planned for Diana and her quest and the secrets of her mother!+

I just want to thank each and every one of you sincerely. It has been such a joy to read ALL of your sweet and hilarious comments on this story, and it has been so much fun to interact with you all. I love the Harry Potter Wattpad community, and I love being able to talk to you guys! Again, thank you all so much. It means so much to me, and I just want you to know that I love you all so much and can't wait to continue Diana's journey with you all!144

Before now, watching Dumbledore disappear over the edge of the tower, she had never felt this level of pain. She had seen death and war and heartbreak and hopelessness; she had lost things, so many things over her years, cursed with a life she never wanted and cursed to deal with all of the pain that came with, and there was a lot of pain in this life, she learned quickly. Living in the shadow of such evil, whether evil yourself or not, was always something that others had come to fear. She had felt pain and sadness and agony and terror and everything in between, and she had been so sad that the first year she was in St. Mungo's, she took a blade to her wrist and tried to bleed herself dry. She had been in so much pain that once, about a year before Dumbledore came to her in the hospital, she once took downed an entire bottle of pain potion. She came to realize soon after that drinking pain medicine when you're not in pain means you're a lot sicker than you thought.105

But that pain was different. Here, watching Albus Dumbledore die, she was being ripped apart to the core, piece by piece torn from her body, bone by bone shredded and crushed and broken. This was not pain, surely, this must be death, she must be dying.+

And her father, void of all emotion but love for Vera Beauregard, had never seemed more appealing. To not feel this pain, this horrible, horrible pain, would be a sacrifice worth making.20

And something Diana realized long ago, solidified in her mind only by this pain, was that it was both a blessing and a curse to feel things so very deeply. Right now, it was a curse; the worst curse of all.2

This pain, though, did not stop her from jumping to her feet, her bag at her hip and her wand in hand. It did not stop her from blasting the Carrow twins into the wall, their heads cracking the stone, and it did not stop her from rounding relentlessly on Fenrir Greyback.2

"Crucio!" she screamed as Harry ran down the stairs after Malfoy and Snape, Fenrir's screams chasing after him all the way down. The werewolf writhed on the ground and screamed with such force she thought his throat might be bleed, and she laughed. She laughed at his pain, she laughed as she caused him so much agony and terror.307

Finally, she had her fill, and she sent a bolt of blue light to him and he remained on the ground like the Carrows, unconscious.+

Her legs moved on their own accord as she sprinted down the steps of the tower and into the battle. Death Eaters and Order members were throwing curses left and right, and bodies, dead or alive, littered the floor intermittently between rubble and chunks of wall. Diana sent a jet of blue light at the masked Death Eater Ginny was fighting, and they flew backward into the wall.+

"Diana!" Ginny yelled. "When did you and Harry get back?"+

"No time!" she yelled back, her brain running on its own accord. "Are the others okay?"+

"I think!" she said. "Hey, wait--"+

Diana was running down the corridor, her feet first taking her to the first floor near the kitchens. A group of pajama-clad Hufflepuffs were in the corridor outside of their dorm, peering around.27

Ernie Macmillan saw her first. "We heard a noise, and someone said something about the Dark Mark--"1

"Listen to me!" she yelled, skidding to a stop before the group. "Go back inside your common room and do not come back out until someone you trust comes for you, do you understand?"+

Ernie opened his mouth to say something else.+

"I said, do you understand?" she yelled, her voice rumbling in the corridor. The Hufflepuffs immediately scurried back inside, and the moment they were shut safely in their common room, she took off again, this time up the stairs, toward Ravenclaw Tower.+

She sprinted past rubble and a few injured bodies and others fighting, but she ignored them, and they did not notice her. She arrived at the Tower, and just like the Hufflepuffs, a group of Ravenclaws in pajamas stood outside their common room.+

Anthony Goldstein stood at the front of the group. "What's going on--?"31

"Get everyone back inside," she said at once, skidding to a halt in front of him. "Do you understand me? Get in the common room, and do not come out until someone comes for you. Do not come out at all."+

He did not argue. He yelled at everyone to turn back, and they all pushed through to their common room until they were safely inside.26

Outside, Hagrid's hut was on fire, and loud shouting echoed up to Ravenclaw Tower.+

Before she knew it, sprinting past windows and curious students and Professors and Order members, she was outside. The Death Eaters were gone, and the still castle bustled to life.+

At the bottom of the Astronomy Tower, partially hidden by shadows, was a body. She didn't have to think twice to know who it was.35

Maybe it was minutes, maybe hours, maybe days, but she stood, staring at the mass on the ground. Maybe she murmured to Professor Flitwick to tell the students the castle was safe, maybe she didn't. Maybe she walked a few feet until she could see his face, his eyes open and glassy, looking toward the Dark Mark in the sky. Maybe she didn't.+

But it must've been a long time. Students began to file out of the front doors, and she soon found herself at Dumbledore's side, her knees buckling until she had fallen right at his side. She ran her fingers over his eyelids, closing them, and by the way his limbs were bent, he could've been sleeping. She straightened his glasses and wiped the small trickle of blood coming from his mouth.215

She felt Harry beside her, and she felt the cold chain of the Horcrux spilling out of Dumbledore's pocket, and she heard the murmuring and muffled sobs of the students behind her.1

Her eyes burned and tears trickled down her cheeks, glowing now under the light of the many wands of students and teachers alike lit behind her. The Dark Mark was being drowned now by the light of their wands. The evil that was burning above was being conquered by the light of their sadness.413

Diana's mind flitted to the the letter she had received from Dumbledore at Christmas, the one attached to her Communication Mirrors. He had written an old Muggle poem.+

Do not go gentle into that good night. . .old age should burn and rave at close of day. . .rage, rage, against the dying of the light.20

He had written that he would not be going gentle into that good night.+

But today, this was not a good night, and even though she had known this was going to happen, she knew that the scars this will leave will never be gentle inside of her. She watched him rage for so long against the dying of the light.2

And even with the light emanating from the lit wands behind her, it was so, so dark.237

+

Dumbledore is dead.216

It was all she could think about. She and Harry were ushered to the hospital wing by Ginny, but Diana was not listening to whatever she was telling them.2

Dumbledore is dead.6

The hospital wing was crowded with familiar faces, but none eased the pain inside of her now. Neville, asleep, was laying on top of one of the beds near the door. Ron, Hermione, Luna, Tonks, and Lupin were gathered around a bed in one of the far corners of the wing. When they heard the doors opening, they looked up.3

Hermione launched herself at Harry and Diana respectively, but Diana could not bring herself to hug back. Her arms were made of lead and her skull throbbed as her eyes were glued to the figure in the bed, injured and bandaged.+

Dumbledore is dead.55

It was Bill, his face grotesque and gory, and Madam Pomfrey was dabbing his face with a harsh-smelling potion. He was attacked by a werewolf. For a fleeting moment, Diana almost felt a sliver of joy for torturing Fenrir.6

Diana had not been listening to their conversation, but the words tumbled out of her mouth on her own.+

"Dumbledore is dead."10

She did not listen to Harry explain how Snape murdered Dumbledore in cold blood. She walked to the window, facing the forest that was now being illuminated by the rising sun, the orange glowing against the burnt remnants of Hagrid's hut and the swaying branches of the Whomping Willow.+

She had never felt more alone.70

She was the only one left. The only one who knew that Snape was no villain, the only one who knew how dangerous the world will really be now. She was alone, and never before had she felt so tormented by that fact.9

McGonagall joined them some time later, and she, too, indignantly shouted about the wickedness of Severus Snape. They all called him a traitor, evil, and they were all thinking how Dumbledore was a fool for trusting him.38

Diana wanted to shout. She didn't. Diana wanted to scream and cry. She didn't. She only blindly looked out of the window, her back to the others, her mind somewhere far, far from where they were standing.2

She did not jump like the others when the door burst open and Mr. and Mrs. Weasley came rushing in, closely followed by a terrified Fleur. She did not listen as they were told Dumbledore was dead, and she did not listen as they cried over Bill Weasley and the fallen headmaster.+

Dumbledore is dead.32

She did not jump when the door was pushed open again and Hagrid waddled inside, sniffling and weeping loudly.1

Later on, she only vaguely heard McGonagall say something to her, and she was being pulled by the arm out of the wing and into the corridor.+

Harry stood beside her, and McGonagall peered at them both.+

"I would like to know what you two and Professor Dumbledore were doing this evening when you left the school."2

Harry answered something, but she could only hear like she was underwater and listening to something outside.3

The conversation began to get heated, and Diana's voice, quiet and flat, interrupted them.+

"We cannot tell you where we were," she said. "If you've ever trusted me, trust me now."+

McGongall said nothing else and nodded, ushering them back into the hospital wing and setting off for somewhere else.+

Dumbledore is dead, and I am alone.244

++3

Suddenly, it was the next day. She didn't sleep. Ginny and Hermione quietly come to her room and helped her to the shower and helped pick out a dress, and they grabbed each of her hands as they walked outside to the lake, where white chairs and flowers had been set up. Diana recognized many of the faces, and some tried to say hello. She said nothing to them. They sat in the front row. She was right next to Harry, and he slipped his hand in hers.258

She stepped up to the marble tomb, which was open, with Dumbledore sleeping inside. His robes were a brilliant blue with golden stars, and his spectacles perched perfectly on the bridge of his nose.15

She touched his hand. It was cold.4

"Please don't leave me," she whispered. "Please don't go. . ."220

But he didn't answer, and she didn't expect him to. She floated back to her seat mindlessly, and Harry once again slipped his hand in hers.51

Later, people milled around the grassy grounds, talking and mourning and drinking firewhiskey and champagne.1

"The locket was a fake," said Harry quietly. "Someone else had stolen it before us."19

At this point, Diana couldn't find it in her to be surprised.+

"We'll find them," he whispered to her, giving her hand a squeeze. "We'll find the Horcruxes, and we'll destroy him."31

She wasn't thinking when she leaned her head onto his shoulder and gripped his hand tighter.126

"I'm so tired, Harry," she whispered. Her voice cracked.88

He leaned his head on hers.130

"I know," he breathed back. "I am too."45

There, sitting with each other at the funeral of their only parent, they were not alone. Maybe they felt like it, maybe they felt so alone and empty that they thought they could die from the pain, but they weren't.48

Together, they were going to find the Horcruxes and destroy them. Together, they were going to kill Tom Riddle. Together, they were going to make Dumbledore proud of them, and they were going to give their friends the lives that they always deserved.33

Together, they will figure out Vera Beauregard's secrets, and they were going to avenge Sirius Black and Cedric Diggory and Harry's parents and Dumbledore and all the people who have been lost, because if they didn't do it, they didn't know who will. 62

Together, they were going to win the war that they were born to fight.1

Together, they will destroy Lord Voldemort like he destroyed them.351

+

Hello, lovely readers!+

This is such a happy moment for me. I have never finished a story on Wattpad, much less written one with over 40 chapters. But don't worry, this is not the end of Diana Riddle!42

The sequel and continuation of this story has been posted, titled 'The Last Verse,' and I encourage you to all check it out, because I have a lot planned for Diana and her quest and the secrets of her mother!+

I just want to thank each and every one of you sincerely. It has been such a joy to read ALL of your sweet and hilarious comments on this story, and it has been so much fun to interact with you all. I love the Harry Potter Wattpad community, and I love being able to talk to you guys! Again, thank you all so much. It means so much to me, and I just want you to know that I love you all so much and can't wait to continue Diana's journey with you all!144





