"This happened when I  was around 12 years old. My mom took my siblings and I to visit her mom  in her home town in Mexico during our summer break. As soon as we got  there we were told not to wander close to the neighbor's house; strange  things seemed to be happening there.75

Apparently, the 16 year that lived across the street was possessed.  My grandmother actually used the phrase 'has the devil in her'. It  started with the girl (don't remember her name) hearing somebody  whisper, then she claimed she was able to hear footsteps that followed  her everywhere. 31

She stopped eating, sleeping and every morning would  find scratches and bruises all over her body. The priest had been called  and he had blessed the house several times but it didn't seem to stop.  Her parents had to send their other children to stay with grandparents  because they were too scared to stay in the house with her as she was  beginning to have violent/manic episodes. 67

Some people in town said that  when they walked by that house they felt uneasy and some even claimed  they saw shadows and heard strange noises. 58

My cousins were scared to walk by there and would rather go the  opposite way and walk around the block just to get to a store that was  two houses down from that house. By the way, this house was across the  street from my grandma and two houses to the left (two houses left of  the house that was right across the street). Hope that makes sense. 28

I'm  not going to lie, I was scared too but I also had this morbid curiosity,  every time we had to leave my grandma's house I looked that way and  stared, don't really know what I was hoping to see. 37

One morning, I woke to the grown-ups talking about what had happened  across the street during the night. Apparently, a big stain appeared  overnight in one of the walls. A stain that looked a lot like blood.  They washed the stain with soap and water and painted over where the  stain was. By that evening, the stain was there again. They went to get  the priest and once again cleaned the stain and prayed while the priest  blessed the house and threw holy water at the wall. By morning, the  stain was back. 60

The word around town spread and people had gathered and  formed prayer groups. It seemed they were praying non-stop. One group of  people would leave and others would show up. All carrying rosary beads.  14

My cousins, siblings and I were under strict orders not to get close  to that house, my grandma thought we might also get possessed or  something might follow us home. Of course us being kids, we decided we  wanted to go and look at this blood stain on the wall. So off we went,  hiding behind other people so our grandma and mothers wouldn't see us.38

There was a lot of people and not everyone fit inside the house, or  they were afraid to go in, there was a lot of people just outside the  entrance. As we got closer, we heard a girl yelling as if in pain, we  also heard growling but I'm not sure if the girl was also making these  noises. Everyone there was praying the rosary in unison but you were  able to hear the girl's voice crying and asking for help. Then she would  start yelling, screaming and you would hear growling. At this point, my  cousins, my brother and my sister had turned back in fear. 14

My sister  grabbed my arm and tried pulling me back but I had to see for myself who  was making those noises. I pushed my way inside the house and what I  saw next I will never forget.31

I saw a girl tied with ropes to a bannister of the house. She looked  to be almost just skin and bones, I don't know what I was expecting to  see but it shocked me and I gasped. For a second there it almost seemed  like she heard me and turned my way, I swear she was staring straight at  me and smiled. I was frozen in my spot unable to move. Then I felt  someone pull me back so hard I almost lost my balance. 70

It was my  grandmother that was dragging me out of there. I don't think I ever saw  her that mad, she was fit to be tied. As was the norm, I got in a lot of  trouble for disobeying only this time I was really sorry that I did. I  was so scared and kept seeing the girl's face and grin in my head every  time I closed my eyes. I thought for sure she was going to get loose and  come for me. 26

Days after that we headed back home to the U.S. Last I heard the girl  had gotten better. No one is sure if the priest coming over and  blessing the house every day or the town folk praying non-stop is what  helped her but they say that a witch (brujo) was also summoned. 13

His  belief was that this was not a demonic possession but a very strong case  of witchcraft/black magic. Apparently, this was done to her out of  jealousy. She was very pretty and caught the eye of the wrong man. After  she got better she was sent away to live with relatives in the U.S. 16

I don't know exactly what was wrong with her and how she got better.  All I am sure of is that I saw her with my own eyes, saw the condition  she was in and heard the most god-awful noises come out of her such as  I've never heard before. 9

Many years have passed, but this is something  that is very clear in my memory, I still remember that face and that  smile and it still scares me to this day."30

"A few years ago, I moved into a one-bedroom apartment in Melbourne, Australia; it was my first time living on my own. The apartment block had been built in the 1930s. I'd been there for a few months when I came home from work one day and went into the bathroom. 25

I saw something strange: The wooden board covering a hole in the ceiling that led to a small attic space lay broken in two pieces on the ground. I examined the broken pieces. The board was an inch thick, and it would have taken a Bruce Lee to break it. I thought the landlord had sent someone to work on the attic. I was frozen stiff with fear. I thought, Someone is up there for sure.16

I e-mailed pictures to the landlord asking if anyone had been there (with an undertone of annoyance, since she hadn't warned me). Her reply read, "Please call me as soon as you are able to." I called, and she explained that her last two tenants had said the same thing happened. She promised to replace the board, and she did.6

A month later, I woke up one night around 4 a.m. I had so many goose bumps, it felt like someone was rubbing his or her hands on me. Everything was silent, but then I heard this sound coming from above my bed. It was a dragging sound, like someone pulling a sack of potatoes. I was frozen stiff with fear. I thought, Someone is up there for sure. 23

There is no way an animal could make that sound. After five minutes, I managed to work up the courage to turn on the light and walk to the bathroom. I was armed with a cricket bat.28

When I looked, I saw that the new board covering the hole was broken in two! I felt sick. The dragging sound had stopped. But I heard something else—whispering. 17

The sound was clear and coming from the attic. It sounded like children's voices, and I could hear one sentence repeated over and over: "It's your turn ... It's your turn ..."41

I switched on every light in the apartment to make things feel normal. It was 5 a.m. and dark outside. I watched TV to try to unwind. Then a fuse blew. 14

My pet budgie, Dexter, whom I kept in the kitchen, usually never made a sound at night, but he started squawking like he was being strangled. I'd never heard him make those sorts of noises—he was screaming. 33

I grabbed my car keys, ran out, sat in my car, and waited there until the sun came up.59

When I saw people walking their dogs, this comforted me enough to go back in. The front door was open, but I thought I hadn't closed it when I'd run out. I went to the kitchen to check on Dexter, and he wasn't in his cage—I felt sick again. 36

All my windows were closed, so I looked everywhere inside. When I walked to the bathroom, I heard splashing. Dexter was half drowned in the toilet! I took him out, washed him, and dried him. 23

I was so confused. At 8 a.m., I called the landlord and gave her a watered-down version of the night. "Oh, wow, you heard the whispering too!" she said.28

I stayed in that apartment for another 18 months. I heard the whispering on a few occasions, and twice the board covering the hole in the ceiling moved. Although I live elsewhere, the landlord recently called. She said that her new tenants had begged to speak with me about some of the stuff that's been going on there. Forget it—it's their problem now."41

"I heard this when I was in Korea. One day a girl was walking home late night after work or something. It was dark and around midnight. She lived an apartment where they had elevator. 3

She got in the elevator and when the door was about to close, a strange man with very red hoodie entered the elevator. He apologized for scaring her and asked which floor she is heading to, without making an eye contact. She told him out of fear and the man casually press the button and the one below. 5

As they were on the way, he asked her for her cell phone if he could use it but she declined out of suspicious and isolated herself in the corner. After seconds of silence, elevator arrived to the floor below the one girl was heading to and the door opened. 2

The guy slowly walked out of the door and turned around facing toward the elevator and the girl, and just stared at her without any movement. Slowly the door started to close and from the gap, she could see him turning around heading for up-stairs... pulling a knife out of his pocket."90

"One time my husband and I had some friends over to eat pizza. One of my friends who has always been very ~mystical~ began to feel ill in the kitchen and excused himself to our bedroom. Once he was in the bedroom, he started to rock back and forth and giggle in a voice that made my hair stand on end. 23

 I ran out of the room, shivering with fear. My husband went in to check  on him and soon returned saying our friend wanted to talk to me.+

I went into the bedroom where my friend walked up to me with his eyes rolled back into his, made a few little grunts and said, "this is my house." 1

 Then he knelt and kissed my feet, rubbed his hand on my belly, and  motioned as though he was nursing a baby. When he knelt again the phone  rang loudly and he came out of the trance. 22

About a month later I found  out I was pregnant, which may explain the gesture he made."54

"My family travelled to the south of France to stay in a cottage owned by someone my Dad worked with. The owners visited occasionally but that summer it was free and we had 10 days booked in there.8

After a long two days on the road we drove down a steep driveway towards a secluded mill cottage, with the water wheel sat static alongside the stone house. 1

There was a deep cellar with stone stairs down under the wheel next to the house, and a small river circled the place.+

We went into the house and chose rooms, but being set down in a small copse, the house was draft and cold from lack of use. We settled in and turned all of the heating on, yet the house remained cold and felt damp. 2

The first night we had set a fire in the living room and listened to a couple of audio books before my sister and I went to sleep. My parents stayed up a little longer then went to bed.+

Around midnight they both woke up at exactly the same time, and the door to their bedroom was opening slowly. +

At first they thought it was my sister until they saw a large dark silhouette of a man framed in the doorway, standing stock still, just looking in their direction as if appraising them. 4

After a short period, the shape turned and started to move, as if satisfied, and disappeared. They looked at each other, but didn't speak, and both went back to sleep.25

The next morning the house felt warm and dry, and sunlight was back through the windows, as if something had lifted, and accepted them. +

They spoke the next day and both agreed that although they were skeptics, it could not have been anything other than something supernatural in that doorway, deciding their worth." -Dave2

"Sometimes I wake up in the middle of the night and my roommate is giggling and playing with my hair & in the morning she doesn't remember..." - Mikey48

"Ok get ready for this story..... so I was closing up the bar one night after a long shift. As I was carrying a rack of glasses into the kitchen, I slipped on the wet floor I had just mopped, fell to the floor, and let out an instinctual "Aaah!"17

Immediately after as I'm sitting on the wet floor, I hear a low pitched moan. It was so audible that I actually thought it was a real person. This was startling considering I was the only person left in the bar. I stood up, completely frozen, and yelled, "hello?!"14

Again, immediately, I hear the same low-pitched moan, except this time it was louder. Now I'm starting to freak out a little bit, but for whatever reason, I decide to walk closer to where I heard the sound coming from. I yell very loudly, "HELLO??!"28

For the third time, I now hear a VERY loud, low-pitched moan. That was it for me. I ran back into the kitchen, grabbed the biggest kitchen knife I could find (because that seemed logical at the time... haha) grabbed my purse, ran out the door, and never looked back.18

It was funny trying to explain to the chef the next day why he was missing a knife during his morning prep. The creepiest part? I come to find out that there was some sort of accident that had occurred in the restaurant years before, with the son of the owner, and word around town was that he died right there in the bar. (True freakin story!!)" - Kat20

"In 2015, I went on a trip to DC for the 4th of July with my family. We visited George Washington's State in Virginia. It was the middle of the day, scorching hot. And there was absolutely no air-conditioning in the house aside from a few fans placed sparingly. 7

I'm a huge history buff so I was very excited about touring the house and I knew a lot about George Washington and his state previously. So I knew that he had passed away in his bedroom in 1799, but that was definitely not what I was thinking about when our tour guide led our group upstairs to go see said bedroom. 2

His bedroom had a lot of really delicate artifacts in it, so we weren't allowed to go inside. And there were little plastic barriers preventing us from doing so. But you could stick your head into the room and look around. For some reason, I was the only one in the group who decided to take a look. When I stuck my head into the room, I was immediately struck by how absolutely freezing cold it was in there. 8

And I don't mean that there was a light breeze. It was as if I had stuck the upper half of my body into a walk-in freezer. I was confused by this because there didn't seem to be any air-conditioning in the room. So I looked around to try and see if there was a fan or an A/C unit that I just wasn't noticing. But I didn't see one. I decided to take my head out of the room and ask our tour guide why it was so cold in there. 3

But then I realized that I couldn't move. I was paralyzed from the waist up. 2

Every part of my body that was in the room was completely stuck in place. I struggled to pull myself out but couldn't. 9

I started to panic and tried to open my mouth to call for help, but when I opened my mouth, no sound came out. All of the sudden from the other side of the room, where there was a little piece of furniture, a mirror and a water basin, probably where Washington washed his face and shaved in the morning, I felt what I can describe as nothing other than a pair of eyes staring at me. 8

Almost like the sensation of someone staring at you while you sleep. I didn't see a figure or anything  but felt this huge and intimidating presence walk towards me and stare me down. It was horrifying. And I physically could not tell you how much time passed in that moment because it really felt like it could've been an hour. 6

But I guess it was only a few seconds. After a while I finally broke free from my paralysis and almost fell backwards onto my butt. +

My mom asked me what was wrong and I told her that I wanted to leave. She didn't believe me when I told her the story later, but it still scares me to this day."+

"My mother always complained that she had a lot of nightmares, but  she would never say what her dreams were about. 7

One day while we were at  the mall, I suggested that she wait in the food court while I was  getting our food. When I returned with our meals, she had a strange look  on her face, so I asked her if she was okay. She said she was fine, so  we finished our meals and left.5

As we were riding down the escalator to leave, I turned to talk to my mother, and I almost had a heart attack because standing behind her was a man in old-fashioned clothing  holding one of my mother's shoulders and looking at me with a very  angry expression. 7

She saw the shock on my face right away and shouted at  me asking what was wrong. When I told her what I had seen, she started  crying and said, 'you just described the man that tries to kill me every night in my nightmares.'"71

"One night when I was ten, I was woken up by my bedroom door opening, followed by someone sitting on my bed. I felt my leg grazed and the bed sink under a person's weight. Thinking it was my mom, I opened my eyes to see an eyeless boy (he had black empty sockets) about my age sitting at the foot of my bed. 19

He extended his hand, and in it was a little box. I was startled but reached out. He pulled back. I reached again and said, "Give it." Then I blinked, and when I reopened my eyes, he was gone, but the imprint of someone sitting on my bed was present.+

Fast-forward five years. My girlfriend came over to do homework. After she finished, she took a nap while she waited for her parents. When they arrived, I tried waking her up. 3

She opened her eyes suddenly, looking up at a corner where the wall met the ceiling. She pointed there and went back to sleep. I shook her again. She came to full consciousness, and I explained what she'd done. She said, "Up on the wall, I saw a little boy with no eyes. He was there in a Spider-Man pose, staring at me." I freaked out and told her my story about the same kid.9

Fast-forward another five years. I was with the same girlfriend, and we had a two-year-old. We were living in my parents' house, in my old room. My daughter started waking up at the same time every night, and she'd talk. After a while, I noticed she had almost the same conversation every night. 8

I playfully asked her once whom she was talking to. She said, "It's a little boy. He's nice. He's lost and looking for his mommy." My daughter's nightly conversations continued until we got our own place later that year."11

"The ambulance company that I used to work for had a "haunted" ambulance: rig 12. A lot of EMTs had stories about it, but I never put much stock in paranormal stuff. That is, until I had my own experience with rig 12.1

My partner and I were working in a rural community at 3 a.m., and it was pitch-dark and completely quiet. We were both dozing; I was in the driver's seat, and she was in the passenger seat. I woke up to a muffled voice, and I thought my partner was talking. +

I told her I was trying to sleep and closed my eyes. I distinctly heard a male voice say, "Oh my God, am I dying?" followed by a few seconds of heavy breathing. 6

My partner and I sat up straight and looked back into the patient compartment, where it sounded like the voice had come from.+

Things were quiet for a couple seconds; then we heard the click of an oxygen-bottle regulator and a hiss, as if it was leaking. I turned on the lights, and we ran out of the rig. I thought a transient might have climbed in while we were asleep, so we opened the rear doors. +

No one was there. I checked the oxygen bottles; neither was opened. We didn't sleep much after that."1

"My dad is a photographer, and one time he stayed at this hotel up in Vermont for a shoot. He was woken up in the middle of the night when a little white dog ran through his room. 4

Shortly after that, a young girl, about seven or eight years old, came into his room in pursuit of the dog. She sat at the foot of his bed and asked if he had seen her dog. He says he wasn't scared: It was just a normal little girl, but there was still something about the whole thing that felt supernatural. 2

My dad told her it had ran into the bathroom and if she was lost and needed to find her parents. She said no, got up, and followed the dog into the bathroom. My dad went in to help her get the dog, but when he got in there the room was empty.+

Then a few weeks later, his assistant was staying in the same room with her sister. Weirdly, both of them had the same dream about their dad coming into the room, sitting on the edge of their bed, then going into the bathroom.+

When they woke up the next morning, they got a call from their mother saying their dad had passed away that night." 9

"When I was 15 years old, I stayed up late watching a TV marathon with my sister. In the middle of the night, after my sister had fallen asleep, I saw the nearby computer mouse start moving by itself. +

I called my mother into the room and she said it was probably a rat that was pulling on the cable from underneath the desk, and that I should just go to sleep. Suddenly, I swear I saw a black figure with no face or human features behind the bookcase. 5

It looked in my direction and pointed. I nearly shat myself with fear! I remember saying, 'Who are you? I do not want you in my house! Nobody wants you here! Get out of here now!' 3

The thing left, and I actually heard it hit the cabinet before it just went through it. The cabinet began to sway, and the door slammed and made a loud bang."18

"Late at night I usually go to the bathroom multiple times, but for the past four days, every time I go to leave, I can see myself still standing in the mirror from the corner of my eye. It is like the other me is watching me leave the bathroom. 4

It terrifies me to the point where I almost run out without looking directly at the mirror. I never told my husband about it because I didn't want to acknowledge it out loud."+

Earlier today I took a nap in our bed while he sat in the chair next to it watching TV. When I woke up he told me that he had seen me sit up and crawl backward to the edge of the bed and stand up in front of our bedroom door from the corner of his eye. 4

He thought it was weird that I got up like that because I'm in the last month of my pregnancy and I can't really move so good without it hurting, so he tried talking to me.2

"When I didn't answer he looked at the door to find me not there and still sleeping in bed. I got really creeped out and I finally told him about what I have been seeing in the bathroom. He thought it was creepy as well but didn't want to really talk about it anymore because he thinks it will give whatever it is power or energy. I have no idea what it wants or why we both saw it."11

"I went on a  Tinder date a couple of years ago. Everything started out relatively  normal. We met at a nice downtown restaurant for dinner. She was even  prettier in person and the conversation was flowing. However, it didn't  take long for me to realize she was a super private person. +

For example,  she would not tell me her last name, where she worked, or say anything  about her family. She made it clear that she was protecting herself, and  honestly, I don't blame her. I shrugged it off and the date continued.+

She took great interest in the fact that I was in seminary  studying to be a pastor. That was nice because usually, that's a deal  breaker for most women, at least in my experience. Towards the end of  our meal, she confessed something to me. +

"I have something to tell you,"  she said, "but please don't think I'm crazy." I braced myself for  whatever she was about to say.

She explained that she recently moved into a new apartment. She  lived alone, which was also a new thing. Though she couldn't put her  finger on it, she was convinced there was a presence of a sinister and  paranormal nature in her apartment. +

She had hardly slept since she moved  in because she was plagued with constant nightmares and strange  occurrences. I could see the fear and exhaustion in her eyes. She seemed  quite sincere. 3

"I can tell you're a good guy," she said. She elaborated that I seemed trustworthy and had a calming presence.+

"I know how this sounds, but would you PLEASE come  home with me tonight? Honestly, I'm just scared to go back there alone."+

I was really taken aback by this. It's not every day I get asked  to spend the night with a beautiful woman whom I just met. I figured she  was either telling the truth or she picked a really odd way to initiate  relationship. Either way, the night would be interesting.11

We talked for a bit longer and I agreed to spend the night with  her. I followed her home, and when I walked into her apartment I was  immediately struck with bad vibes. There was just something ominous  about that place. 1

I didn't want to freak her out, so I kept these  feelings to myself. I said a quick prayer and followed her to a bedroom. We just sat there for a while then she fell asleep. She looked like she hadn't slept in a very long time. I just sat there for a while in the  silent darkness, lost in thought. +

Sometime later, I 100% heard someone  walking down the hallway outside the bedroom. The door was closed,  however, so I couldn't see anything. I was definitely frightened, but my  curiosity got the better of me so I went to investigate. 3

Slowly I opened the door. I looked to my left, then to my right.  Nothing. I walked downstairs to check out the rest of the apartment.  Nothing. I went back upstairs to check the bathroom and the guest  bedroom. +

Nothing. When I walked out of the guest room, which was right  across from my date's bedroom, I looked to my left and right again.+

At the end of the hallway, I saw a black, humanoid body standing there perfectly still.+

It was almost like a shadow, but I could discern that it was a  three-dimensional figure. This figure was large in stature; there's no  way it could've been my date. She was maybe 5'1 at best.10

I ran back into my date's room. To my horror, she wasn't in bed  where I left her. I called out her name, but there was no response. I  had just walked through the entire apartment, so it literally made no  sense to me that she wasn't there. 2

The bed was low to the ground, so she  couldn't be under it. The closet was opened too, and it was packed with  boxes so I knew she wasn't there either. The window was shut tight,  plus it was the second story. 2

It was as if she vanished. I grabbed my  wallet, keys, and cell phone and ran out of the apartment in nothing but  my underwear. The shadowy figure was gone. I jumped in my car and sped  away.7

I never heard from her again. Her Tinder profile was deleted the  next day, and she never responded to any of my texts. Till this day, I  have no idea wtf happened that night. I also never went back to her  apartment, mostly because I'm horrible with directions and she lived in  the next town over. This was easily one of the most terrifying,  inexplicable things I've ever experienced."8

"My boyfriend and I woke up in separate parts of the house in hysterics, naked and covered in sweat. When we both finally calmed down and talked we realized we had the same dream of being surrounded by a group of black and white people with no mouths."9

"One day I was with my friends and suddenly my head started getting heavy and my vision began to white out at the point where I couldn't see anything at all. I immediately thought that someone could've drugged me and asked my friends to help me walk to a place where I could get some air and sit down. My sight was coming back but I couldn't speak or express anything, couldn't respond or answer what my friends were asking.2

Somehow I got into a trance and it felt like I was seeing my surroundings from an above-me perspective. My friend called my mom and she picked me up, I still couldn't respond until I got home and went to the bathroom.+

3 days later my mom received a call from my grandpa and I immediately knew what was going on. He told her that my dad had passed away and was found dead in his bathroom. I live with my mom and my dad used to live in other state. The forensic report showed that he died in that exact date and probably around the moment I've had that episode."9

+


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                            22

"Someone left a phone with a busted screen in a road-stop toilet stall. I'd pulled in while driving home after making a delivery and I needed coffee. This photo was the only thing on it."+

"I was 8 years old when we first moved into the house on the edge of the forest. My parents had their doubts about buying a house with a backyard bordered by forest, they had concerns about wild animals getting into our bins or hurting our dogs, and were worried one of us might go too far into the trees and get lost. But it was cheap, my dad liked the seclusion, my mom loved the house itself, and my siblings and I were excited about playing in the backyard and exploring the forest.1

Our first sign that something wasn't right was that our dogs were absolutely terrified of the forest. They never went into the forest for any reason. If a toy they'd been playing with found its way past the treeline, they would refuse to retrieve it, and when one of us went in they would pace anxiously until we returned. On occasion we'd notice the dogs staring at a spot in the forest in obvious distress, sometimes growling or barking, but we could never see anything there. My brother once carried one of the dogs into the trees to show her there was nothing scary about it, but she wriggled out of his grip and sprinted into the house in a panic.11

If we were in the backyard when it was getting dark, we sometimes heard noises like someone was walking through the forest, sticks crunching underfoot, branches being pushed aside. If we called out there was no response, but if we shined a flashlight around we would occasionally catch a glimpse for just a split second of something that we could swear looked like a person walking around in the dark. My parents quickly banned us from entering the forest at all after dark, and even during the day we weren't allowed to go out of sight of the house.3

My sister's bedroom window looked out at the backyard and the forest beyond, and she remembers looking out her window one night and seeing a shadowy figure standing right at the edge of the backyard. She says there was something wrong with it. Like it wasn't quite standing on the ground, and it was a little too tall to be a person, and it was sort of distorted. And she was convinced it was staring at her. She called for our dad, saying there was a man in the yard staring through her window, and when he ran outside to chase off whoever it was, she continued to watch the figure. It didn't move away, but when the light from our dad's flashlight passed over it, it suddenly just wasn't there anymore.3

We regularly heard knocking at the back door at night, with no one there. Our parents thought it was teenagers playing pranks, and stopped bothering even opening the door, until one rainy night when the knocking was persistent and agitated. My mom pointed out there might be someone needing shelter from the heavy rain outside, but when she opened the door, not only was there no one there, but there were no wet footprints on the porch. The knocking continued the whole time we lived there, it would happen several times in the span of a few weeks, then stop for months, then start up again. My parents eventually installed a security camera, and there was never anyone at the door.3

The camera wasn't all useless though. About three years into living there, my brother started having night terrors and sleepwalking. When he went sleepwalking, he would always go out the back door and start walking towards the forest. My mom, being a light sleeper, would hear the door open, and would run out to get him before he made it into the forest. After the third or fourth time it happened, my brother asked to see the camera footage, because he wanted to see how he looked when sleepwalking, I guess thinking it'd look funny. The footage showed him walking out onto the porch, then pausing as if listening to something, and shaking his head, then reluctantly walking forward as if being pulled or forcefully guided by something.+

One evening my dad was in the backyard, and he heard my sister calling him from the forest, seemingly in distress. Thinking she'd gone exploring in the forest and fallen over and hurt herself, he ran in and started calling to her, but quickly realized it was too dark to see her, and he couldn't pinpoint where her voice was coming from. He told her to wait where she was while he grabbed a flashlight. When he ran back into the house for the flashlight, he saw my sister inside, safe and completely unconcerned.6

At the time my dad hadn't told us about hearing my sister's voice in the forest, so when I heard my mom's voice coming from the forest months later while I was outside with the dogs one evening, I didn't question it despite the fact I'd seen my mom inside recently and hadn't noticed her walk past me. My mom was calling to me, saying she'd gotten her sweater caught in some branches and needed me to come in and help her. As I walked in, the dogs started barking, alerting my dad, who saw me through the window wandering into the forest. He came outside and called to me, and I said I was just helping mom. He yelled back that mom was inside and I needed to run back to the house as fast as I could, which I did.+

After this, my parents had a fence built around the backyard, and started looking for a new place. In the time between the fence being built and us moving out, it got way worse. We'd hear knocking at the door more regularly, as well as tapping on the windows, as if someone was walking the perimeter of the house and trying every window. We would often hear scratching and scraping sounds on the fence, and voices beyond it. My brother's night terrors got more frequent, and one night my mom didn't hear the door open when he went sleepwalking, and he woke up standing at the fence, staring into the forest, with the dogs barking at him. The last morning we spent there, less than four years after we moved in, we woke up to find the back door fully open, and the security camera footage showed it slowly swing open on its own.4

Since moving out, my brother's sleepwalking has stopped, though he still gets night terrors and he suffers from pretty severe anxiety. A few nights ago, he called me out of the blue, and after a bit of small talk he asked me if I think the door being opened that final night means whatever was out there finally got in. He was trying to make light of it, saying he was getting into the spirit of Halloween, joking about how maybe we should all get exorcised just in case something latched onto us all those years ago. But I think he's deeply bothered by everything that happened. I know I still am a little, I still get nervous around dark wooded areas. I don't know what I think was out there, in the forest behind our house at night. But I get the feeling that, given the chance, it would have swallowed us whole."18

+

I heard my mother call my name from downstairs, so I quickly got up and started to head down.+

As I got to the top of the stairs, my mother out of nowhere pulls me back and whispers,+

"Don't go down there, I heard it too."12

"I drive for a living. One night, as I was driving through a passageway under a highway bridge in Kanagawa, I saw an old woman standing on the side of the road on the sidewalk behind the safety rail. It's a pedestrian area and not a busy street at all, so I didn't think anything of it. Then I saw her ahead of me again on the side of the road. I thought my eyes were playing tricks on me, but when I stopped at the next red light—still on the same road—there she was again. +

"The light turned green and when I stepped on the gas, she ran out in front of my truck. I slammed on the brakes and was sure I hit her, but when I got out of the truck there was no one there. +

"Down the street from there I found an old sign from the police asking for information regarding a hit and run accident, but I was too afraid to call and ask if it was about an old woman or not." 2

"I was once attending an online class and my teacher asked me to tell my sister to stop making faces. I was confused and shocked because I was the only person in the room and I didn't even have a sister."10

"I am right now sitting in my front porch smoking a cigarette. I cannot bring myself to go back inside my house. There is someone in there.+

Just over 2 months ago I moved into a new house after losing nearly everything to Covid. I won't go into details or draw this out.+

Typing this out is making my eyes well and every hair on my body stand straight up, but God dammit I saw a human shaped shadow in my walk-in closet.+

Am I going crazy? Maybe, but I know that I am not at the same time.+

Okay, this is what happened. I am laying in my bed browsing the internet, and from the corner of my eye I catch movement coming from my closet. Within literal milliseconds I turn and see someone standing inside of it, looking right at me. You guys. I FLIPPED the fuck out, sprung up, ran out of my room, slammed the door, and grabbed a kitchen knife.+

I yelled and screamed about calling police, that I had a knife, and basically acted like a scared monkey.... no response. After about a minute of yelling and realizing I had left my phone in my bedroom (to call 911) I slowly peaked in.+

There was simply nothing there you guys. Nothing. No one could have gone anywhere. I'm fucking PISSED and terrified about this.+

I saw this person. I saw their shape. Their movement. Their arms. There was a humanoid figure in my closet, and that is all I know.3

Idk what to do from here."11

This past year my family went on a sabbatical in another country. My daughter (4) talks a lot about returning to our old house and something she said recently gave me chills.+

Daughter: "When we go back, can I sleep in Mommy's room"+

Me: (no backbone) "Yes, sometimes we can have sleepovers. But don't you remember, you have a huge bed to sleep in in your room. All your toys are in there.... your stuffed animals...."3

Daughter: "But that guy, remember, I wake up at night because he's there with me."+

Me: (mentally freaking out) "What? No I don't remember. What man?"+

Daughter: "He sits in the corner. He's all black, he doesn't talk he just sits by me."4

Me: "what, what does his face look like?"+

Daughter: "He has no eyes, but I think he has a mouth."+

Me: (in shock) "Well..... you can definitely sleep in my room...."6

"When my sister Betsy and I were kids, our family lived for awhile in a charming old farmhouse. We loved exploring its dusty corners and climbing the apple tree in the backyard. But our favorite thing was the ghost. We called her Mother, because she seemed so kind and nurturing. 6

Some mornings Betsy and I would wake up, and on each of our nightstands, we'd find a cup that hadn't been there the night before. Mother had left them there, worried that we'd get thirsty during the night. She just wanted to take care of us. +

Among the homes' original furnishings was an antique wooden chair which we kept against the back wall of the living room. Whenever we were preoccupied, watching TV or playing a game, Mother would inch that chair forward, across the room, toward us. Sometimes she'd manage to move it all the way to the centre of the room. +

We always felt sad putting it back against the wall. Mother just wanted to be near us. Years later, long after we'd moved out, I found an old newspaper article about the farmhouse's original occupant, a widow. She'd murdered her two children by giving them each a cup of poisoned milk before bed. Then she hung herself. +

The article included a photo of the farmhouse's living room, with a woman's body hanging from a beam. Beneath her, knocked over, was that old wooden chair, placed exactly in the center of the room."7

"As more years pass and as I keep finding more and more things from my childhood, I begin to remember more and more strange things that I experienced as a kid. Honestly, one of the strangest had to be the experience I'm about to tell you. 2

It started when I was 5 years old. One night, once I knew both my parents where asleep, I snuck out of my bedroom and went into our reading room which was where our front door was. While I was out there, I couldn't help but to just stare out the window. I don't know why but I just got this strong urge, that completely came out of nowhere, to look out the window. +

Once I looked, I saw a man standing in our front yard. He had to have been at least 8 feet tall and he wore a black suit with a black top hat and his hair was silvery-white colored. I could tell right away that he definitely wasn't human just by his skin and his teeth. His skin was pure white. Every time I saw him, he always just stood there, smiling at me. 15

His smile revealing rows of yellowish-white, razor sharp, jagged teeth. I could remember staring at the man for a bit longer before walking towards the front door and sneaking onto the front porch. The next thing I know, I'm laying on the sidewalk in front of our front yard. I seemed to be fine. I looked towards the front yard again but the man was gone. 1

A few seconds later, all I see is our neighbor looking down at me. He knocked on our door and told my parents about where he found me. Ever since that night, throughout my childhood, I've seen the same man. +

The strangest thing is that he only ever appeared to me before something bad happened. He'd appear to me before one of my relatives would die. When I was 12, he followed me home from school just an hour before my friend came to me and told me someone almost kidnapped her. When I turned 14, he seemed to have stopped appearing to me. To this day, I still haven't seen him and I always wonder if I'll ever see him again."12

"My grandmas house has always, for as long as I can remember, been a scary place. My dad and aunt and uncle all grew up in the house and had paranormal experiences occur throughout their lives. +

One examples was when my dad and uncle were teenagers, my uncle was walking down the steps and was swinging a towel (as he had just washed his hair) out of nowhere my dad, who was standing in the living room at the bottom of the stairs, saw the towel straighten out in front of my uncle as if someone pulled it and my uncle fell forcefully down the stairs. +

Now, my grandma hates all things paranormal, especially Ouija boards so it is a big no no in our family to discuss the paranormal events that occur in her house. 20 years or so ago my cousins and brothers were playing in the upstairs bedrooms of my grandparents house. The toys were set up in the room across the hall from them, and they were all in the same bedroom playing a board game. Out of nowhere a hot wheels car (no batteries, no windup, just an average hot wheels car) slowly exited the room that the toys were in, went across the hall and into the room where they were all sitting. 4

Needless to say they were all terrified. Around 8 years ago my oldest brother moved into the basement of their house. One night when he was home alone he woke up out of a deep sleep having felt like he was shaken by someone. He stood up and instantly smelt gas. He went upstairs and outside of the house. Later he found out there was a carbon monoxide leak and if he had not woken up there's a big chance he could have died in his sleep. 3

Months after that when my grandparents were away for the weekend the family decided to try the ghost radar app in their house. We all sat around the phone and my uncle asked the normal questions "is anyone here" blah blah. Then he asked "who used to live in the basement?" (At this point my brother had moved out) The ghost radar replied with my brothers full first name, which no one ever calls him. We were shocked. So my uncle asked "How did you save {my brother}?" It replied with "wake". um wtf. He then asked "What did you save him from?" And it said "gas". Needless to say, we were shocked. +

The last thing (that I'm going to talk about) that happens in the house is my great grandma's belongings (who passed away probably 30 years ago) will show up in their kitchen every month or so. They put the things back in the basement and a little while later it will show back up in the kitchen."3

"I was 10-11 years old when this started, my brother was 4-5. Like a lot of kids, Kyle too had an imaginary friend. And like most kids with imaginary friends, Kyle had given his a name with distinctive physical features. If I remember correctly, the friend's name was Bosco. Bosco was short, pudgy and had a grey beard. My parents thought it was a bit strange that Kyle's imaginary friend would be an adult man, but they didn't dwell on it too much.7

Bosco quickly became a part of our daily routine. While getting ready for school, Kyle would insist that I needed to stop hogging the mirror as Bosco had to fix his hair and beard, at breakfast (and lunch and dinner) the chair next to Kyle was to be left unoccupied because that's where Bosco would sit. My parents were just grateful that he didn't ask for an extra platter to be prepared, as Bosco did not eat. He just wanted to sit there to keep Kyle company.3

Bosco would make his presence felt at school too. Kyle's teacher once called my mom how impressed she was with Kyle's quickly expanding vocabulary. He was learning new words and when asked, he would say his friend Bosco had said them to him. I remember this one instance when a new family moved into our neighborhood. Their kid was Kyle's age. Mom took us over to say "hello" to them. I remember Kyle shook the other kid's hand and said rather clearly, "I'm very pleased to make your acquaintance." The other kid just stared. My mom struggled not to look smug!5

My dad wasn't all that interested in Kyle's friend, or in anything else his kids did for that matter. So it was mostly my mom and I who got to hear about how nice and "fantabulous" Bosco was.1

Then came the incident that made us rethink just how imaginary Bosco really was. One day, Kyle and I were waiting at the bus stop just outside of school for mom to pick us up. This place always had a lot of parents and kids around so it was safe. Suddenly, Kyle began pulling on my arm, telling me he wanted to go to the store across the street and get a candy bar. I told him we could get one when mom got there, but he just wouldn't listen. He pulled on my arm almost frantically and kept saying he NEEDED a candy bar NOW! I gave in, and walked with him to the store all the while telling him if mom got mad at us, it would be his fault. The moment we had crossed the street, the driver of a bus lost control of the vehicle and mowed down a bunch of people at the bus stop.4

It was like a scene from a movie. I was in a state of shock while Kyle started crying. When my mom got there, she hugged us for what seemed like an eternity. She knew we could have been among the people who were crushed. Once we had gotten home and had calmed down, she asked me why we had crossed the street. I told her about Kyle wanting a candy bar. She questioned Kyle who told her he didn't really want a candy bar. Bosco did. And he's the one who told Kyle to get me to go to the store with him. My mom turned pale.6

For some time after that, life went on as usual. Mom now asked Kyle about Bosco quite regularly. But he didn't say anything out of the ordinary, just regular kids' stuff. But another surprise for us was right around the corner.+

My mom's sister, our aunt Rita, had just moved to our town. She had landed a job at the same company where dad worked. And I remember that she and my dad got along very well.2

One weekend, my mom took us to see our maternal grandparents. Dad said he couldn't come as he had work. Mom seemed disappointed but agreed to take us without him. Nanna and Poppa too were impressed at how articulate Kyle was becoming. And listened with great interest about his new friend Bosco.+

The next afternoon, we were all sitting in the living room. I was playing with my grandparents' dog, mom and her parents were talking while Kyle was fiddling with the TV remote. He switched to a channel where the movie Ghost was playing. The famous "pottery scene" (you know which one) was on. Mom instantly grabbed the remote and changed the channel to Cartoon Network.+

Kyle was upset. He demanded to know why he couldn't watch the movie. Mom explained to him that he could watch it when he was older and that it wasn't appropriate for kids to watch grown ups "hug each other" like that. Kyle argued some more and mom again told him he wasn't old enough. He pouted and in sheer exasperation asked why it was OK for dad and aunt Rita to hug like that in his bed.22

Mom was taken aback and asked what he was talking about. Kyle told her that dad and aunt Rita would get naked and "hug" in his bed, "just like in the movie" when we were at school and mom was at work. Once or twice a week, dad would come home for a while and he and aunt Rita would hug in Kyle's bed. And then get dressed and leave.+

Mom was outraged and asked why he was making up such a disgusting story. Kyle insisted that he didn't make it up. Bosco had told him. Bosco also said that aunt Rita was hugging dad right then even as they spoke. Mom's gaze turned cold. She told our grandparents she was going home. She drove back to our house in a hurry. I deduced that aunt Rita really was there because mom came back later that night with more of our stuff and said that we'd be staying with nanna and poppa for a while.2

My parents were divorced by the end of that year."24

"When I was about 7 or so I had this experience. Me, my sister, and my grandmother were sleeping in my grand parents room, at that time we had a room of our own but was scared to sleep on it because at that time our room was at the third floor while my grandparents room was at the first floor. +

So at night, I woke up to a raspy voice of an old woman saying "matulog ka na." (Which means go to sleep) the room was dark and my sister was sleeping beside me, so I was confused because my grandmother was also sleeping beside me, when I checked the door there was a pale old woman grinning wildly at me and had long thick black hair and was staring at me, me being a kid I was scared and closed my eyes, about 10 seconds or so I opened my eyes again, and the old woman was no where to be seen."2

"My sister had this encounter a couple nights ago, and my family and I don't know what to make of it.+

So at about 12:12 midnight, my mother heard something hit our front door. This caused my older sister and my mom to be awake at the same time. My sisters dog left her room and barked at the door, but because no further banging was heard, no one came to the front door to further check what the noise was.+

After my sisters dog stopped barking, my sister then heard the laughing of two small girls. The laughing was loud enough for my other sister, who's room is across from my older sisters room, to be awakened by it.+

My older sister decided to check outside her window, and saw two white looking dogs, who were the cause of the laughing children's voices. After closely watching the two creatures, she then noticed that the two white dogs had human heads with flowing human like hair. They laughed their way down our block, leaving my sister afraid."+

"Every night, I see random people walk by my window, I live on the 5th floor.."4

                                                                                                                           -James+

"This happened when I was 15. I was house sitting for my grandma one weekend while she went to Florida with some of her church friends. I was sleeping in the guest bedroom next to her room. The guest bedroom always had two twin beds inside of it that my brother and would sleep in when we had sleepovers at her house. 2

I took the bed next to the window, but before getting into bed, I checked all the doors, making sure they were locked. When I did get into bed, it was early and I didn't actually go to sleep for a while. There wasn't much to do at my grandma's house. I was just on my phone for an hour or two, watching videos, texting people, whatever. That's when I thought I could start hearing someone's voice outside. It sounded like a woman's voice saying hello. I left the bedroom and inched my way closer to the front door, moving slow because I was trying to listen. Hello. It was a woman's voice just going hello. Like every 10 seconds. As I got closer to the front door, I realized that's where it seemed to be coming from. My grandma's door doesn't have a peephole, but the windows in her dining room gave a clear view of the front porch. So I went over to that window to attempt to get a view of who was out there. I tried peeking my head in between the plastic blinds without making it obvious, but I guess I didn't do a good job of that. Because when I looked, I did see a woman on my grandma's stoop and she was looking right at me, as if she knew I was going to be looking through those blinds. Once again, she said hello with some freakish smile on her face. This woman was older, but don't picture her as some innocent looking small old lady. She looked like she was maybe late 50s, early 60s, and something about her face just creeped me out. I moved away from the window and thought maybe it was one of my grandma's friends. It was midnight, though. Why would anyone come to the door this late? And why wouldn't she knock or ring the bell? Why was she just standing out there going hello? Over and over? I was genuinely unsettled. I just went back to the guest bedroom and shut the door. Now, with the door shut as opposed to before, I couldn't hear that woman anymore. Maybe it was bad, or she just decided to leave. I started texting everyone about it my sisters, my friends, telling them how bizarre it was. But a good amount of time passed in silence and I was starting to calm down. My sisters were telling me to call Grandma, but there was a 0% chance she was awake and she barely ever even checked her cell phone. Anyway, just like that, something broke the silence. A banging at the window. Not a knocking or tapping banging. I felt that fierce pain in my chest area as my body entered that fight or flight mode. Shortly after the banging stops, I heard that familiar voice say hello. With that boost of adrenaline, I guess I had the extra confidence to grab the blinds and push it up. There I was, face to face with this horrifying older lady with only a thin layer of glass between us. I screamed at her smiling, gross face on, calling the cops. I pulled the blind back down and ran back outside to the living room. I looked around the house, then ran upstairs to box myself into the upstairs guest bedroom. I didn't want to actually call the cops. I don't know why I wanted to just wait it out. I crawled into the bed in the upstairs guest bedroom and tucked myself under the covers. A couple of hours later, I was still awake, and I finally only then went back downstairs to look outside each window. That freaky old lady seemed to be gone. The next morning, I called my grandma and told her what happened. She started yelling into the phone, clearly panicking and distressed. She told me how a few days earlier, she was being watched in the grocery store by some woman about ten years younger than her who just kept smiling at her for no reason. I told her to calm down. I didn't entirely know whether to correlate the two or not, but when we eventually got off the phone with each other, I did have to give it a second thought. My grandma is 75, and she has lost a bit of her wits, so I do have to take some of the things she says with a grain of salt. But the way she yelled into the phone about the woman in the store really gave me the chills. And I still wonder if it could have been the same person."+

"I've suffered sleep paralysis a total of three times in my life. The first two times it just consisted of me waking up, not being able to move my body. The third time was much different, though. I had woken up very early morning, probably like between five and six a.m. When the sun was just starting to come up. +

There was light in the room, but barely any. I tried to move, but I had that unfortunately familiar feeling of paralysis. Helplessness, my eyes fixated on the wall. There was nothing I could do. Then suddenly I heard heavy footsteps coming up the stairs of my bedroom.It was my brother, followed by my sister, dad and mom. They were all sobbing hysterically, and they all seemed to be at least a foot taller. It was unnerving. The four of them approached my bed, then stopped at the bedside, towering over me, all four of them crying. I couldn't move.+

I wanted to cry for help or just yell at them to stop because they were scaring me. Their heights, they looked like they were near to hitting the ceiling. Then, just as quickly as they entered, all four of them turned and walked back down the stairs. +

I could move again, and so I ran down the stairs to follow them, but they weren't in the outside area. I went to each of their rooms one at a time. All four of them were fast asleep. My heart was racing because the most surreal, unnerving thing just happened to me. I had to lean on the wall to gather my thoughts for a second, breathing heavily. Falling back asleep was futile. The rest of the night I lay awake until the sun was fully up.+

A few days later, I was struck by a speeding car when crossing the road with friends and ended up with three broken bones and a fractured thigh bone. I was hospitalized for a week, and at one point all four of my family members stood next to my hospital bed looking down at me, my mom being emotional and crying. +

It was almost the same image from my sleep paralysis. I'm not superstitious at all, but if I were, I would 100% believe that dream was some kind of sign or some kind of prediction of the future."+

"When I was 16, my friend Sean, who was a big goofball, came over to chill in our basement, as he often would during the summer.I remember he had a Coke bottle in his hand, and I was eating Wendy's when he said we should check out that creepy cemetery across town. It was the worst idea ever, and I even told him that. Still, we had no school the next day, and I knew exactly which cemetery he was talking about. I don't know if one should even call it a regular cemetery.+

It was a large plot of land with maybe 1000 tombstones at most. The tombstone was very archaic looking, and any time we pass, there were no signs of anyone having come to visit within the last 2 decade. It was very old.  It had been closed 10 years ago.+

The site probably dated back centuries, and it had this super creepy vibe to it because it was closed off by a gothic metal fence, and it was surrounded by woods on two sides and some old abandoned building was at the center of it. Everything about it just gave scary vibes. +

Many people had reported weird sightings and strange sounds coming from the graves. Almost everyone in town had their own personal story of the place. Some of them were obviously exaggerated.+

Two of the best stories I've heard from my family were from uncle and grandma. My uncle had once heard someone screaming for help while he was driving near that place.  He stopped, got out of the car and heard the scream again. He said it was coming from inside one the graves near the wire. And he quickly left. My grandma had once seen a lady dressed in white clothes slowly waving her hand at her. +

We'd also heard many rumors about that place. Like some people would go there at 3 am to perform satanic rituals and other weird stuff. Some people had reported seeing smoke rising from deep within the cemetery at mid night.+

It took a little persuading, but Sean managed to get me to want to check it out, too. I always wanted to visit that place after hearing so many creepy stories but was too scared to even attempt it. I previously never had any paranormal experiences in my life and always wanted to see something crazy lol.+

We woke up the next day at 4 am and left at 4:30 before anyone figured out what we were up to.  +

Ironically, it was a very cloudy, foggy kind of day. I guess conveniently adding to the mood.+

Sean pulled up his Honda to the side of the road. I told him to pull up more so it wasn't obvious. This was a low traffic road, so. It would look kind of suspicious. He pulled up a few hundred feet down the road, and we got out and cut through the woods so that any potential passing traffic wouldn't see us entering the huge cemetery. +

The forest was full of fog. It looked like a scene from a horror movie. I started having second thoughts but we had already made it this far. 1

Hopping the fence in the woods was easy. It was maybe a three or four foot fence. Sean kind of took the lead on this, since it was mainly his venture. We finally reached the cemetery. The place was looking as creepy as ever because of the fog. We couldn't see that far away. He led me through the eerie plot of land, and we looked at the archaic tombstones. +

They all seem to be from the 19th century. The writing on some of them was illegible at that point. I know it sounds super cliché, but I couldn't help but feel like I was being watched constantly. I started looking around the surrounding woods. I kept getting scared by trees. They looked like people in the fog. My mind was playing tricks on me. I was prepared for a jumpscare. +

I told Sean how creepy this was. "I know," he replied, still with the feeling of being watched. +

We kept walking deeper into the cemetery. We hadn't seen anything weird. My fear started to go away. Maybe this was just another quiet depressing place I thought. +

We walked further and we could see an outline of a huge abandoned building. We had reached the center of the cemetery. As soon as I realized this, I started getting a bad feeling. My chest felt heavy. Fear filled my body for no apparent reason but we kept moving. Sean wanted to look inside the building and then leave, he promised me. +

The closer we got to the building, the more sick I felt. I almost felt like passing out. I told him to go alone and make it quick. I sat next to grave to catch my breath and he continued forward leaving me alone.+

It'd been a few minutes since he went inside. I was starting to feel better and thought about following him inside. I hadn't even fully gotten up when I saw a person walking just six graves away. I froze for a moment and quickly hid behind a tombstone. I slowly peaked at him. He was definitely not Sean. He was a lot taller, wearing a hooded black cloak. He looked like he was in his 50s. +

He walked towards a grave and stopped at its foot, just few feet away from where I was. He had his back turned towards me.+

He was speaking.+

It wasn't English.+

It was another language.+

A weird one.+

Like he was speaking in English but backwards.+

It sounded extremely creepy.2

Who was this guy? Maybe one of the people who was involved in one of the alleged rituals?1

What he did next scared the f*ck out of me. He pulled a shovel out of nowhere and started digging into the greave while shouting in his weird language. I got scared and stopped peaking. I didn't know if this person would harm us or not if he knew we were here. Maybe he was armed. +

I got scared for Sean. He didn't know there was a lunatic out here.+

I wanted to leave that damn place like a flash but I couldn't leave Sean alone. I stared desperately at the rotting building while the crazy screams got louder and weirder. Like he was trying to summon something or cast a spell. I just thought he was mentally ill. +

Then I saw Sean sneak out of the building. He had heard the screams. He gestured me to come towards him. We carefully met mid way, hiding through the graves and then without saying a word to each other, ran like lunatics. The screams faded into the fog.+

We didn't say anything until we hoped the fence and got back into the car. Sean looked more scared than me. He basically put it in drive before the car even had a chance to fully start. After a few seconds, he was finally able to tell me what he had seen.+

When Sean was inside that abandoned building he found a sigil of baffle net painted on the wood floor, which is basically the sign of Satan. Around it were a bunch of freaky dolls with buttons for eyes.4

He saw rooms full of weird freakish dolls and other Satanic symbols which were practically everywhere. He didn't get to see anything else in the building because he heard the screams.+

We told this story to everyone and got scolded by our parents. Many people thought we were lying after a group of adults after hearing our story, went to investigate the building and found it completely empty. They just found some left over pieces of dolls. +

I was shocked.+

Sean was never the same after he left the cemetery. He no longer acted goofy and fearless. He was more serious and quite now. +

I think Sean saw something in there. Something more than just dolls, and Satanic symbols.+

Something he still hasn't told me."11

"I heard it from a Patient. It was really long ago. I'm going to say the story how he told it. He is currently inside a psych facility.1

It all started a few months ago. I and my cousins would play hide and seek in my room. Well my room was kind of large. We used to play after turning the lights off.+

One day my parents were out and we were getting bored. So we decided to play this time we would play in the entire house. Not to mention without the lights. We loved that game. So my cousins agreed. We were five in number. My house was small, there were only two bed rooms and a single bathroom. There was also a living room attached with the kitchen. +

I hid alone in the kitchen. One of my cousin was looking. I was pretty sure I was alone in the kitchen for I could hear my cousins whispering inside the living room. I hid inside a cupboard. I hid there for a longtime. It was midsummer so, I got really sweaty. I crept out from the cupboard. I got under the table. I started fanning myself with my hands. +

That's when I noticed it. There was someone hiding under the table too. I wasn't scared I thought it was my Cousin. So I pat his back. Well that's what I assumed it was a he. Anyways he didn't move or look back. He felt so cold.2

It was quite common not to talk with one another while playing. So I just hid there until someone turned the lights on. I flinched as the sudden light really hurt my eyes. When I looked properly my Cousin wasn't there any more. I was kind of shocked. That was barely 2 seconds max. No one can get out from under the table and leave the room that fast. My cousins came looking for me. +

That night while sleeping I was asked them if anybody was there with me. All of them had the same answer. They weren't. A month later maybe, I was reading in my room. I was sitting on the reading table. My parents were watching tv in the living room. I really concentrated on my studies that night. Then I heard something. Someone was sitting on my bed. I couldn't look, back I was afraid too. +

From the corner of my eyes I saw a boy sitting there. I should probably mention that none of my cousins were there at our house. The thing started moving close to the table. I was frozen. I couldn't talk. That thing came so close to me, I could hear it breathing behind me. With all my might I screamed my heart out. I screamed like hell that night. My parents came running in. They consoled me. I told them about the boy. They said it was in my head. I was maybe too stressed. +

The third event was really scary. I had gone to one of my friends home for group study and was late to get back to my house. When I was only a block away from my house, I saw police cars. I started running towards them. There was a body being pulled out on a stretcher. One of my neighbors hugged me. I was kind of in a shock. I asked them what happened and where were my parents. She started crying. She said that someone got inside house. He murdered my parents with a butcher knife. I couldn't believe what I heard. I asked if they caught the man. +

The immediate answer from the police was that there were several witness that it was a boy. He somehow managed to vanish from the scene as if he wasn't even there. I asked them where could he go. He must be somewhere.+

After a few days after my parents funeral I asked one of my Neighbors who was an eyewitness to the murder, about the boy they saw in our house. The answer was I kind of hoped it would be. According to my her. She was working in her garden and got a clear view of my room. She had seen a boy standing in my room that night. +

He was standing near my reading table. Then he walked into the living room. He somehow found a knife. The next thing was in a frenzy. Her expression changed as if she saw a ghost. She started screaming that I killed my parents. I was the one inside the house that night. She called the cops. +

Its been along time since I'm inside a cell. No one visits me. Why would they ?,  I'm a murderer. But I know I'm not. Still to this day I see him standing in that corner near the table. He stands there and looks at me. 3

I see the murderer of my parents in my own skin, in my own reflection. +

I wasn't able to verify his story but I had heard he murdered someone when he was 13. " +

"About six years ago I moved into a maisonette which had just been purchased by my parents. I had been in that place for a couple of months and everything was fine. One night I put my two year old daughter to bed, all was quiet for a while so I did the usual and went upstairs to check on her. She was sound asleep in her cot but as I walked out of the room and onto the landing, I felt a breeze rush past me. It felt like someone had walked passed me and there was a very strong smell of lavender.+

I went downstairs putting it down to my imagination. About five minutes later, I heard my daughter start talking so I went upstairs and turned on the bedroom light. I asked my daughter who she was talking to and she pointed to something across the room and she said she was talking to the lady.+

This happened on several occasions and sometimes in the middle of the night I would hear my daughter talking and laughing with someone. Some mornings I would go into her bedroom and she would have glitter on her face. Around this time, a friend of mine came to visit one afternoon.+

When she left, she put some cigarettes on the coffee table as I had run out of them. I walked her to her car and went back inside. I remember noticing the cigarettes on the table and I went up stairs to the toilet. On my return, the cigarettes were nowhere to be seen. There was no one else in the house at the time, my partner was still at work and my daughter was at my parent's house. I looked under the coffee table and saw that the rug underneath had been rolled up into a tube. +

I unraveled it to find the cigarettes inside. Obviously my bad habits were not appreciated! Another time, myself and my partner had just gone up to bed, our daughter was asleep and our cat was curled up at the end of the bed. Suddenly I heard the phone start to beep as though it had been left off the hook. My partner went downstairs to find that this is what had happened but none of us had used the phone that night. +

Also it was one of those phones that was attached to the wall so it couldn't have been knocked off the hook rather it would have had to have been lifted. If I stood at the top of my stairs, I would always get a feeling of someone rushing up the stairs past me and out of the corner of my eye I would see a figure but if I looked directly at it, it was never there. This went on for the first year that we lived in the maisonette. +

Things calmed down and for a while nothing really happened. Then we encountered a run of bad luck. I had seven miscarriages including losing a baby when I was five months pregnant and I also lost my Grandmother who I was very close to. Finally last year I gave birth to a beautiful baby girl after having an extremely difficult and worrying pregnancy. +

I spent the last two months of my pregnancy in bed unable to walk. I remember one particularly hot summers day, I was in bed, my partner at work and my daughter at school. I burst into tears as I was so fed up. I have to point out that we had swapped bedrooms with my daughter. Anyway, I noticed in the corner of the room some lights had started to appear. For the first time in five years I smelt the lavender scent and I began to hear a female voice. +

Although I didn't hear the voice physically, it was definitely in my head. It was a voice of a lady reassuring me that everything was fine and it would all be over soon. At the time I was thirty five weeks pregnant. The next week I gave birth to my daughter. She was four weeks premature but as strong as an ox! A couple of weeks later, I woke up one night and again in the same corner of the room the lights appeared. +

I then noticed a very tall figure bending over my baby daughter's crib. I had the feeling that the figure was smiling at her and meant her no harm. I also had the feeling that who ever this person was, they were very pleased that we finally had a healthy baby.   5

We moved out of there a few months ago and bought our own house, but we go back to the maisonette regularly as my parents own the place and are redecorating to let it out to the next tenant. On a recent visit, my partner went up into the loft to clear out all of our Christmas decorations, old toys , baby clothes etc. Whilst he was up there he found some old paintings which neither of us remember being up there before. +

He bought them down and on closer inspection they had been painted by a girl called Laura. Unfortunately, there was no date on them but it is a mystery how they got there. Like I said before, we go back quite often and I always feel like I'm being welcomed. +

One night as I sat in the car as we were leaving, I looked up at our old block and I swear I saw a figure standing at the window of our old bedroom watching us leave."+

"When I was 16, my friend Sean, who was a big goofball, came over to chill in our basement, as he often would during the summer.I remember he had a Coke bottle in his hand, and I was eating Wendy's when he said we should check out that creepy cemetery across town. It was the worst idea ever, and I even told him that. Still, we had no school the next day, and I knew exactly which cemetery he was talking about. I don't know if one should even call it a regular cemetery.+

It was a large plot of land with maybe 1000 tombstones at most. The tombstone was very archaic looking, and any time we pass, there were no signs of anyone having come to visit within the last 2 decade. It was very old.  It had been closed 10 years ago.+

The site probably dated back centuries, and it had this super creepy vibe to it because it was closed off by a gothic metal fence, and it was surrounded by woods on two sides and some old abandoned building was at the center of it. Everything about it just gave scary vibes. +

Many people had reported weird sightings and strange sounds coming from the graves. Almost everyone in town had their own personal story of the place. Some of them were obviously exaggerated.+

Two of the best stories I've heard from my family were from uncle and grandma. My uncle had once heard someone screaming for help while he was driving near that place.  He stopped, got out of the car and heard the scream again. He said it was coming from inside one the graves near the wire. And he quickly left. My grandma had once seen a lady dressed in white clothes slowly waving her hand at her. +

We'd also heard many rumors about that place. Like some people would go there at 3 am to perform satanic rituals and other weird stuff. Some people had reported seeing smoke rising from deep within the cemetery at mid night.+

It took a little persuading, but Sean managed to get me to want to check it out, too. I always wanted to visit that place after hearing so many creepy stories but was too scared to even attempt it. I previously never had any paranormal experiences in my life and always wanted to see something crazy lol.+

We woke up the next day at 4 am and left at 4:30 before anyone figured out what we were up to.  +

Ironically, it was a very cloudy, foggy kind of day. I guess conveniently adding to the mood.+

Sean pulled up his Honda to the side of the road. I told him to pull up more so it wasn't obvious. This was a low traffic road, so. It would look kind of suspicious. He pulled up a few hundred feet down the road, and we got out and cut through the woods so that any potential passing traffic wouldn't see us entering the huge cemetery. +

The forest was full of fog. It looked like a scene from a horror movie. I started having second thoughts but we had already made it this far. 1

Hopping the fence in the woods was easy. It was maybe a three or four foot fence. Sean kind of took the lead on this, since it was mainly his venture. We finally reached the cemetery. The place was looking as creepy as ever because of the fog. We couldn't see that far away. He led me through the eerie plot of land, and we looked at the archaic tombstones. +

They all seem to be from the 19th century. The writing on some of them was illegible at that point. I know it sounds super cliché, but I couldn't help but feel like I was being watched constantly. I started looking around the surrounding woods. I kept getting scared by trees. They looked like people in the fog. My mind was playing tricks on me. I was prepared for a jumpscare. +

I told Sean how creepy this was. "I know," he replied, still with the feeling of being watched. +

We kept walking deeper into the cemetery. We hadn't seen anything weird. My fear started to go away. Maybe this was just another quiet depressing place I thought. +

We walked further and we could see an outline of a huge abandoned building. We had reached the center of the cemetery. As soon as I realized this, I started getting a bad feeling. My chest felt heavy. Fear filled my body for no apparent reason but we kept moving. Sean wanted to look inside the building and then leave, he promised me. +

The closer we got to the building, the more sick I felt. I almost felt like passing out. I told him to go alone and make it quick. I sat next to grave to catch my breath and he continued forward leaving me alone.+

It'd been a few minutes since he went inside. I was starting to feel better and thought about following him inside. I hadn't even fully gotten up when I saw a person walking just six graves away. I froze for a moment and quickly hid behind a tombstone. I slowly peaked at him. He was definitely not Sean. He was a lot taller, wearing a hooded black cloak. He looked like he was in his 50s. +

He walked towards a grave and stopped at its foot, just few feet away from where I was. He had his back turned towards me.+

He was speaking.+

It wasn't English.+

It was another language.+

A weird one.+

Like he was speaking in English but backwards.+

It sounded extremely creepy.2

Who was this guy? Maybe one of the people who was involved in one of the alleged rituals?1

What he did next scared the f*ck out of me. He pulled a shovel out of nowhere and started digging into the greave while shouting in his weird language. I got scared and stopped peaking. I didn't know if this person would harm us or not if he knew we were here. Maybe he was armed. +

I got scared for Sean. He didn't know there was a lunatic out here.+

I wanted to leave that damn place like a flash but I couldn't leave Sean alone. I stared desperately at the rotting building while the crazy screams got louder and weirder. Like he was trying to summon something or cast a spell. I just thought he was mentally ill. +

Then I saw Sean sneak out of the building. He had heard the screams. He gestured me to come towards him. We carefully met mid way, hiding through the graves and then without saying a word to each other, ran like lunatics. The screams faded into the fog.+

We didn't say anything until we hoped the fence and got back into the car. Sean looked more scared than me. He basically put it in drive before the car even had a chance to fully start. After a few seconds, he was finally able to tell me what he had seen.+

When Sean was inside that abandoned building he found a sigil of baffle net painted on the wood floor, which is basically the sign of Satan. Around it were a bunch of freaky dolls with buttons for eyes.4

He saw rooms full of weird freakish dolls and other Satanic symbols which were practically everywhere. He didn't get to see anything else in the building because he heard the screams.+

We told this story to everyone and got scolded by our parents. Many people thought we were lying after a group of adults after hearing our story, went to investigate the building and found it completely empty. They just found some left over pieces of dolls. +

I was shocked.+

Sean was never the same after he left the cemetery. He no longer acted goofy and fearless. He was more serious and quite now. +

I think Sean saw something in there. Something more than just dolls, and Satanic symbols.+

Something he still hasn't told me."11

"I heard it from a Patient. It was really long ago. I'm going to say the story how he told it. He is currently inside a psych facility.1

It all started a few months ago. I and my cousins would play hide and seek in my room. Well my room was kind of large. We used to play after turning the lights off.+

One day my parents were out and we were getting bored. So we decided to play this time we would play in the entire house. Not to mention without the lights. We loved that game. So my cousins agreed. We were five in number. My house was small, there were only two bed rooms and a single bathroom. There was also a living room attached with the kitchen. +

I hid alone in the kitchen. One of my cousin was looking. I was pretty sure I was alone in the kitchen for I could hear my cousins whispering inside the living room. I hid inside a cupboard. I hid there for a longtime. It was midsummer so, I got really sweaty. I crept out from the cupboard. I got under the table. I started fanning myself with my hands. +

That's when I noticed it. There was someone hiding under the table too. I wasn't scared I thought it was my Cousin. So I pat his back. Well that's what I assumed it was a he. Anyways he didn't move or look back. He felt so cold.2

It was quite common not to talk with one another while playing. So I just hid there until someone turned the lights on. I flinched as the sudden light really hurt my eyes. When I looked properly my Cousin wasn't there any more. I was kind of shocked. That was barely 2 seconds max. No one can get out from under the table and leave the room that fast. My cousins came looking for me. +

That night while sleeping I was asked them if anybody was there with me. All of them had the same answer. They weren't. A month later maybe, I was reading in my room. I was sitting on the reading table. My parents were watching tv in the living room. I really concentrated on my studies that night. Then I heard something. Someone was sitting on my bed. I couldn't look, back I was afraid too. +

From the corner of my eyes I saw a boy sitting there. I should probably mention that none of my cousins were there at our house. The thing started moving close to the table. I was frozen. I couldn't talk. That thing came so close to me, I could hear it breathing behind me. With all my might I screamed my heart out. I screamed like hell that night. My parents came running in. They consoled me. I told them about the boy. They said it was in my head. I was maybe too stressed. +

The third event was really scary. I had gone to one of my friends home for group study and was late to get back to my house. When I was only a block away from my house, I saw police cars. I started running towards them. There was a body being pulled out on a stretcher. One of my neighbors hugged me. I was kind of in a shock. I asked them what happened and where were my parents. She started crying. She said that someone got inside house. He murdered my parents with a butcher knife. I couldn't believe what I heard. I asked if they caught the man. +

The immediate answer from the police was that there were several witness that it was a boy. He somehow managed to vanish from the scene as if he wasn't even there. I asked them where could he go. He must be somewhere.+

After a few days after my parents funeral I asked one of my Neighbors who was an eyewitness to the murder, about the boy they saw in our house. The answer was I kind of hoped it would be. According to my her. She was working in her garden and got a clear view of my room. She had seen a boy standing in my room that night. +

He was standing near my reading table. Then he walked into the living room. He somehow found a knife. The next thing was in a frenzy. Her expression changed as if she saw a ghost. She started screaming that I killed my parents. I was the one inside the house that night. She called the cops. +

Its been along time since I'm inside a cell. No one visits me. Why would they ?,  I'm a murderer. But I know I'm not. Still to this day I see him standing in that corner near the table. He stands there and looks at me. 3

I see the murderer of my parents in my own skin, in my own reflection. +

I wasn't able to verify his story but I had heard he murdered someone when he was 13. " +

"About six years ago I moved into a maisonette which had just been purchased by my parents. I had been in that place for a couple of months and everything was fine. One night I put my two year old daughter to bed, all was quiet for a while so I did the usual and went upstairs to check on her. She was sound asleep in her cot but as I walked out of the room and onto the landing, I felt a breeze rush past me. It felt like someone had walked passed me and there was a very strong smell of lavender.+

I went downstairs putting it down to my imagination. About five minutes later, I heard my daughter start talking so I went upstairs and turned on the bedroom light. I asked my daughter who she was talking to and she pointed to something across the room and she said she was talking to the lady.+

This happened on several occasions and sometimes in the middle of the night I would hear my daughter talking and laughing with someone. Some mornings I would go into her bedroom and she would have glitter on her face. Around this time, a friend of mine came to visit one afternoon.+

When she left, she put some cigarettes on the coffee table as I had run out of them. I walked her to her car and went back inside. I remember noticing the cigarettes on the table and I went up stairs to the toilet. On my return, the cigarettes were nowhere to be seen. There was no one else in the house at the time, my partner was still at work and my daughter was at my parent's house. I looked under the coffee table and saw that the rug underneath had been rolled up into a tube. +

I unraveled it to find the cigarettes inside. Obviously my bad habits were not appreciated! Another time, myself and my partner had just gone up to bed, our daughter was asleep and our cat was curled up at the end of the bed. Suddenly I heard the phone start to beep as though it had been left off the hook. My partner went downstairs to find that this is what had happened but none of us had used the phone that night. +

Also it was one of those phones that was attached to the wall so it couldn't have been knocked off the hook rather it would have had to have been lifted. If I stood at the top of my stairs, I would always get a feeling of someone rushing up the stairs past me and out of the corner of my eye I would see a figure but if I looked directly at it, it was never there. This went on for the first year that we lived in the maisonette. +

Things calmed down and for a while nothing really happened. Then we encountered a run of bad luck. I had seven miscarriages including losing a baby when I was five months pregnant and I also lost my Grandmother who I was very close to. Finally last year I gave birth to a beautiful baby girl after having an extremely difficult and worrying pregnancy. +

I spent the last two months of my pregnancy in bed unable to walk. I remember one particularly hot summers day, I was in bed, my partner at work and my daughter at school. I burst into tears as I was so fed up. I have to point out that we had swapped bedrooms with my daughter. Anyway, I noticed in the corner of the room some lights had started to appear. For the first time in five years I smelt the lavender scent and I began to hear a female voice. +

Although I didn't hear the voice physically, it was definitely in my head. It was a voice of a lady reassuring me that everything was fine and it would all be over soon. At the time I was thirty five weeks pregnant. The next week I gave birth to my daughter. She was four weeks premature but as strong as an ox! A couple of weeks later, I woke up one night and again in the same corner of the room the lights appeared. +

I then noticed a very tall figure bending over my baby daughter's crib. I had the feeling that the figure was smiling at her and meant her no harm. I also had the feeling that who ever this person was, they were very pleased that we finally had a healthy baby.   5

We moved out of there a few months ago and bought our own house, but we go back to the maisonette regularly as my parents own the place and are redecorating to let it out to the next tenant. On a recent visit, my partner went up into the loft to clear out all of our Christmas decorations, old toys , baby clothes etc. Whilst he was up there he found some old paintings which neither of us remember being up there before. +

He bought them down and on closer inspection they had been painted by a girl called Laura. Unfortunately, there was no date on them but it is a mystery how they got there. Like I said before, we go back quite often and I always feel like I'm being welcomed. +

One night as I sat in the car as we were leaving, I looked up at our old block and I swear I saw a figure standing at the window of our old bedroom watching us leave."+





