I had grown immune to the pounding music. When I first started working here, the rhythmic beat played over and over in my head. Even when I was in bed at home, it would be all that I could hear. It was now one of the many things that I have grown used to.140

	I rolled my eyes at the man I had spent a long ten minutes giving a lapdance. For most of the dance, I was pulling his hands off my body. In the end, he offered me money to give him a blow job. I declined, as I always do. 30

	I stood, but the man grabbed my waist and pulled me back down onto his lap. I grabbed his thumb and twisted it back until he let go of me. It was a little trick I learned from Lina when I first started working here. He yelped and let go. I got off his lap and walked away. 7

	"Hey!" he shouted, but the music almost drowned out his voice. "Where do you think you're going?"8

	His sweaty hand grabbed my wrist and yanked me back. He spun me around so that I was staring into his dark cold eyes. I had to look up as he towered over me. A large gothic tattoo of a crow was on the side of his neck. The smell of scotch was coming off his breath. I tried to pull my wrist free, but that only resulted in him tightening his grip. I grabbed his thumb again, but he pulled my hand away. Both of my wrists were locked in his grip. 13

	"The sign says Girls of Your Fantasy," Crow said, "and this is my fantasy."6

	"I'm not a hooker," I said. 12

	He clenched his jaw and tightened his fingers around my wrists. I swung my leg out and kicked him in the shin. Before he could react, I dug the heel of my shoe into the top of his foot. He growled and threw me down onto the floor. The people around us glanced down at me, but no one moved to help. +

	"It's not sex," he said. +

	He grabbed my ankle and pulled me across the ground. +

	"Let me go!" I yelled. +

	I clawed at the floor as I tried to crawl away from Crow. His lips curled into a smile as he reached for his belt. 14

	A hand grabbed Crow's shoulder and ripped him away. Donovan, the owner of the club, was standing there. 12

"What's going on here?" Donovan asked.+

	"She won't do what I asked for," Crow said. 1

	"So you grab her?" Donovan asked. "You're fucking disgusting. Get out of here!"36

Crow grunted and let go. Donovan crouched and reached for my hand so that he could help me back up. My fingers wrapped around his bony arm. Donovan tended to wear hoodies no matter what time of the year it was, and this made me forget about what kind of skeleton his meth addiction turned him into.30

"How do you feel?" he asked. +

"I'm okay," I said. +

"No, Julie," he said. "If you're in pain I want you to go home."+

I shook my head. I couldn't afford to leave this early in my shift. +

"I'll be okay," I said. +

Donovan gave me a wary smile and looked at my hands. I was still clinging to his arm. I let go and crossed my arms over my chest.	"I want you to wait on tables for the rest of the night," he said. "Tell me if that bastard comes into the club again. I'll make him regret it."1

I bit my lip to stop myself from laughing. The thought of him kicking anyone's ass was hilarious; however, all of the girls in the club felt protected by him.3

"Yeah, no worries," I said. +

I weaved my way through the crowd of people to get over to the bar. I pulled a tray out from behind the counter and looked for people who were not drinking. Donovan once told me that it was the waitresses' job to get everyone in the club drunk. That way men wouldn't realize the difference between a twenty and a one. +

I spotted a man in the corner. He was middle-aged and his eyes were locked on the girl twirling around on stage. +

"Can I get you something to drink, Honey?" I asked. 1

I broke his concentration. His eyes scanned over my revealing outfit and then lifted his lips into a smile. +

"Yes," he said. "A scotch on the rocks."+

I made my way back to the bar and ignored the men that were staring. For the first few months I worked here, I would always run and hide in the dressing room. I imagined what they were thinking about me and it made me feel sick. Now, I have learned to ignore it and get my job done. 16

I handed the man his drink and he gave me his money. +

"And this one's for you," he said, handing me a one-dollar bill. 13

I plastered a fake smile on my face and went to look for another customer. I spent the rest of the night bringing men their drinks. A few drunk men made rude remarks to me, but I ignored them. 1

Crow never came back into the club. +

On my break, I went into the dressing room. Five girls were sitting in their chairs in front of the mirror. Lina was in her spot curling her hair. I sunk down into my chair next to Lina. I fished the bills out of my bra and shoved them into my bag. +

"Julie, I met the weirdest guy tonight," Lina told me as she ran her fingers through her hair. 7

I slouched in my chair and closed my eyes. My feet and my back were aching and my eyes were dry from the layers of makeup. I had only two more hours until I could go home. +

"Really?" I asked. "I thought they were all weird."+

"Well, yes," she said. "But this guy interviewed me. I have never had that happen before."3

"Interviewed you about what?" I did not bother to open my eyes. +

"He said he was writing a story about young women as strippers," she said. "Or something like that. Anyways, he gave me twenty dollars. You should try to find him."5

I opened my eyes and raised a brow. +

"Twenty dollars just to answer some questions?" I asked. +

"Yes," she said. "He barely wrote anything down too. It was kind of strange."20

I shook my head and laughed. She was puckering her lips to apply a fresh coat of lipstick. Pictures of Mike, her boyfriend, were tapped on her side of the mirror. I always wondered how she managed to see anything. 2

"There's no need to laugh," she said. "Find that guy tonight. If we each earn an extra twenty bucks that will help pay for our rent. You remember that it is due tomorrow, right?"3

"Mike won't cover for us again?" I asked. +

"He's covered for us for the last few months, Julie. If he does it again then his wife is going to find out."39

I closed my eyes and rested my cheek against my knuckles. +

I don't know when I fell asleep, but I jumped when someone grabbed my shoulders. I saw in the reflection that Donovan was towering over me. He was staring at our reflection of us. 1

"Did that asshole ever show up again?" he asked. +

"No," I said. +

"Good. I just wanted to make sure that you are alright."1

"Yeah, I am. No worries."+

He slid his hands off my shoulders and walked out of the dressing room. Lina and I watched him as he left. We were the only two left in the dressing room. Lina did not speak until she heard the door click shut. +

 I groaned as something wet brushed against my cheek. My eyes fluttered open to see Charles leaning over me. He smiled before wiping my face with a warm cloth. My temple was throbbing and I struggled to keep my heavy eyes open. I rolled my head to the side, looking away from Charles. There was a large dresser and a rocking chair in the corner of the room. I was lying on top of the bed. +

	My muscles screamed out in pain as I raised my arms to push him away. My hands were pressed against his chest, but he did not move. +

	"Where am I?" my hoarse voice croaked. +

	"You're home, Juliet," he said. 16

	I gasped when he said my real name. Charles chuckled and ran his fingers through my hair. The bile was rising in the back of my throat as Charles leaned in closer. He smiled, revealing his yellowing teeth. 8

	"I looked in your wallet and saw your driver's license," he said. "We don't like liars in this family, Juliet."30

	"Where am I?" I asked again. +

	"I already told you. I've brought you home." His warm breath fanned across my face. "Don't worry. You are safe here. You're finally safe from the outside world."15

	"Let me go," I said. "You can't do this."+

	I propped myself up on my elbow and pushed myself away from Charles. The blanket covering my chest slipped down. I clutched the blanket in my hand, and my thumb brushed across the bare skin of my chest. My heart pounded. I was naked underneath the blanket. Charles smirked when he saw my realization. +

	"I was just cleaning you up," he said. "I can't have you meeting my son looking all dirty."19

	"What are you talking about?" I asked. +

	"Jimmy," he said. "He's my oldest son. You see, Juliet, we have a tradition in this family. On our son's twentieth birthday the father, who is me, goes out and saves a girl from the outside world and brings them into this family."83

	My head was pounding. I squeezed my eyes shut and I tightened my grip on the blankets. +

	"You are now going to be Jimmy's wife," he said.63

	My eyes flew open. Charles was staring at me with a smile plastered across his lips. I swallowed past the lump that was forming in my throat. This man was psychotic. This had to be a dream. There was no way any of this could be real. 2

	"No," I said. "I need to get home. My roommate is probably worried that I never came home last night."+

	"Don't you realize that your roommate doesn't care about you," Charles said. "No one in your life cares about you. That's why you need us. Jimmy is going to love and take care of you."18

	"No." +

I shook my head, and it caused the sharp pain in my temple to grow worse. I gritted my teeth. Charles stood up from the edge of the bed. +

"I'm going to go get Jimmy," he said. "He can explain everything to you."1

"Please," I begged. "Please, I need to go home."+

"I already told you that you are home." Charles walked over to the bedroom door. He stopped and looked over his shoulder. "You need to behave. You will realize that in this house there are consequences for every action you make."7

I let out a shaky breath as he exited the room. I gathered the blanket and wrapped it completely around my body. I shimmied my way to the edge of the bed. I placed one foot on the cold floor and pushed myself onto my feet. My knees wobbled as I tried to steady myself.  1

My eyes scanned the room. There was a window, but thick bars were blocking the view. I did not have enough energy in my body to lift my feet and take proper steps. I shuffled over to the window. I wrapped my fingers around one of the bars and gave it a yank. It did not budge. I groaned and tried pulling on the bar again. 2

The bedroom door opened and I looked over my shoulder. A man around my age walked into the room. He was tall, a lot taller than Charles, and it was intimidating. He had long dark hair that was tucked behind his ears. A thick jagged scar started at his nose and ran horizontally across his cheek to his ear. 50

The sweat was building up on my palms, and I was afraid that the blanket would slip out of my grip. My knees gave out underneath me. With my back to the wall, I slid down onto the floor. The man hurried over to me. He crouched down in front of me. Tears had escaped my eyes and were rolling down my cheeks. I flinched when he reached forward to wipe them off of my face. +

"Don't cry, Juliet," he said. "I am not going to hurt you."20

"Don't touch me," I said. +

 I swatted his hand away from my face. This must be Jimmy. He grabbed my wrist in a crushing grip. +

"Don't hit me," he said. "I won't tolerate disrespect."36

"You can't do this to me," I said. +

"I can't do what?" he asked. "I can't take care of you?"+

"You can't kidnap me."+

"We didn't kidnap you. We saved you. You should be thankful."40

I shook my head and more tears slipped down my cheeks. Jimmy's grip loosened on my wrist, but he did not let go of me. +

"You're so beautiful," he said. 8

"Please," I said. My voice cracked because of the tears. "Please, if you let me go I promise that I won't say anything. I won't go to the police or anything. You guys won't get in trouble. Just let me-"10

"Juliet," Jimmy cut me off. "You're not going anywhere. Now, can you walk?"5

"Please, you can't keep me here-"1

"Juliet." He raised his voice. "You need to listen to me. Can you walk or are you too weak?"9

I bit down onto my bottom lip and sucked in a deep breath through my nose. +

"I can walk," I said. +

"Good," he said. "Now, let's get you changed and I'll show you around the house."+

Jimmy stood and he pulled me onto my feet. My knees were shaking. He snaked his arm around my waist and pulled me into his body. The smell of mud and sweat filled my nose. I looked down to see that his fingernails were caked in dirt. 88

He pulled me over to the bed and had me sit down on the edge. He opened up the dresser and I watched him put a pair of jeans, underwear, and a sweater on the bed beside me. 3

"Let me help you," Jimmy said, reaching for the blanket wrapped around my body. I turned so that his hand brushed against my shoulder. +

"Don't touch me," I said. +

"Juliet, I am just trying to help," he said. "You're too weak to do this yourself."+

"I don't need help," I said. "You can go."+

"I'm staying here to make sure that you don't fall. You know I am going to be your husband. You don't need to hide from me."12

"Can you at least turn around?"+

"No."24

I looked over to the pile of clothes. I pushed myself off the bed with one hand. Jimmy's eyes were locked on me as I tried to shimmy on the underwear and jeans while hiding myself with the blanket. When I put on the shirt, I turned my back to him and slipped on the bra and the sweater. The sweater had a turtle-neck and the sleeves ran past my fingertips. I sat back on the bed and set the blanket down. +

Jimmy took a step toward me and I took one step back. He sucked in a deep breath and grabbed my waist. I stumbled as he pulled me toward him. His one hand ran up my back and into my hair. My hands were pressed against his hard chest and I tried to push myself free. Jimmy kissed the top of my head.2

	There was a pounding noise as someone ran up the stairs. Jimmy let go of me and took a step back. He was acting like he was not supposed to be near me. Strange.+

	The door flew open and Tommy was standing there. His face was red and sweat was dripping off of his temple. He was bent over and panting for breath. +

	"Come on, Jim," he said. "There's two down by the lake."23

	Tommy turned around and ran back down the steps. Jimmy followed him, but stopped and turned in the doorframe. He looked over his shoulder and then back at me. +

	"Stay here," he said. "No matter what you hear, do not leave this room. And I mean it. Don't open this door."13

	He closed the door and I could hear him run down the steps. +

	I looked through the bars on the window. Jimmy and Tommy were running across the large field outside. They disappeared behind a large barn. 3

	I wondered where they were going. Tommy said they found two, but two of what? I assumed it was some kind of animal. They must be hunters. They seemed to be like the family that hunted for their food. 45

	I shifted my weight from foot to foot as I waited by the window. I kept glancing over at the clock on Jimmy's nightstand. About twenty minutes passed before I saw Jimmy and Tommy again. 4

	I squinted to try and see what they were doing. Jimmy was walking backward and was carrying something in his arms. When they got closer, I could see that he was holding a girl. Jimmy had her feet and Tommy was holding her arms. The girl was screaming and thrashing around in their grip. +

	I was right. They do hunt, but they do not hunt animals. They hunt humans. 18

	My heart sunk in my chest and my body trembled. I don't know why I was so surprised. They kidnapped me and brought me to this house. Of course, they would kidnap other women. This girl was probably supposed to be a wife for Tommy. 19

	I watched as they entered the house. I ran across the room. I put my ear against the door, but it was not necessary because her screams rang throughout the house. Her shrieking was muffled when a door slammed shut. Every scream caused my body to flinch. 1

	I was shaking when I walked back over to the window. I looked through the bars to see Jimmy running across the field again. Tommy said there were two, so there must be another person. +

	If I ran downstairs, maybe I could get them to stop doing whatever they are doing to her. The two of us would be able to escape and call the cops. +

	In my head, it seemed like the perfect plan for me, but I could not move. I was stunned and my body was numb. 2

	When Jimmy came back, he was dragging a man by his leg. The man lied there lifeless as he was pulled across the grass. As he came closer to the house, I could see that the man's throat was slit and he was covered in blood. 8

	I covered my mouth, and I don't know if it was to stop the sobs or the screams that were building up in my throat. I turned and pressed my back against the wall. My knees gave out underneath me and I slid down onto the floor. I let go of all the tears I have been holding back all day. +

	They kill people. I was in a house full of murderers. If they kidnapped me, they would have no problem murdering me. Charles talked about punishments, but what if one of those punishments were death?+

	The girl downstairs continued to scream. I sat on the floor sobbing. I dug the palms of my hands into my eyes and my fingernails curled into my scalp. I knew that they were killing that girl. Why could they not make it fast like the man?+

	Ugly sounding sobs left my mouth. I wrapped my arms around myself and rocked back and forth. This had to be some kind of awful nightmare. +

	The girl's screaming stopped. +

She must be dead. +

	I had to stop crying before Jimmy, Charles or Tommy saw me like this. I took in a sharp breath, but the tears continued to roll down my cheeks. +

	The door creaked as Jimmy walked into the room. I buried my face in my hands. His jaw dropped when he saw me crumpled on the ground. He hurried over to me and got down on his knees. He tucked a piece of my tear-drenched hair behind my ear. +

"Juliet, it's alright," he said.9

I pulled my sleeve over my hand and used it to wipe the tears off of my cheeks. I tried to slow down the quick shallow breaths that I was taking. Jimmy's large brown eyes were looking at me softly. It was hard to believe that they were the eyes of a killer. I looked down to avoid his stare, but what I saw was much worse. His hands were covered in blood. I brought my gaze back up to his face. He grabbed my chin and the wet blood spread across my skin. He pressed his forehead against mine. 7

"It's okay," he said, his voice barely above a whisper. "You need to know that I would never hurt you."37

He kissed my temple before getting up off of his knees. He went into the bathroom that was connected to his bedroom. There was a steady flow of water, and I prayed that he was washing the blood off of his hands. I needed to get the blood off of my face.+

I stayed on the floor because I could not find the strength to stand. When Jimmy came out of the bathroom with a black case in his hands. +

"I'm going to give you something to help you sleep," he said. 14

He turned his back to me. I could hear him unzip the case. I tried to see what he was doing, but his body blocked my vision. When he turned around, he had a syringe in his hand. 4

I sucked in a deep breath. This must be whatever Charles drugged me with. I did not want to be knocked out again. I had no idea what they would do to me while I was unconscious. +

"No," I said. "Please, you can't do this."1

"It's going to be alright," he said. "I just want to help you."+

"No," I whined. "Please, don't."+

"Juliet, stop it."+

I kicked my leg out and hit Jimmy in the shin. He took a step back. I pushed myself onto my feet. Jimmy put his hand on my shoulder and pushed me back down onto the floor. I put my hand out to stop myself from falling. I screamed when my hand, which was torn from when Charles took me, connected with the ground. Pain shot up my wrist. I cradled my hand to my chest and pushed myself across the floor with my other arm. Jimmy leaned over me and put his hand on my hip. There was a sharp pinch in my thigh. +

"Wasn't that bad, was it?" Jimmy asked. 10

I rolled onto my side. My eyelids were heavy and crashing down. Jimmy put the syringe back into the case and set it down on the nightstand. I propped myself up on my good arm. My wrist was throbbing and I struggled to move it. My arm shook as the weakness crept into my muscles. I was passing out much quicker than when Charles drugged me last night. +

Jimmy reached down and wrapped his arms around me. He pulled me off the floor. I cried out as I used my injured hand to push him away. Jimmy's grip on me loosened. My knees buckled and he tightened his arms around my waist. +

"You can't walk, can you?" he asked me. +

"Fuck you," I said as I shook his arms off of me. +

My knees gave out and I crumpled onto the floor. Jimmy sighed and kneeled next to my body. He grabbed my throbbing wrist and twisted it at an awkward angle. I screamed and my vision went blurry with tears. 5

"Watch your language," he said. "We don't swear in this family."24

"Go to hell," I said. +

"Juliet, don't make this difficult," he said. 1

He held onto my wrist and squeezed it. A firey pain ran down my arm. I gritted my teeth together to try and stop myself from crying. 8

"Let's get you to bed," he said. +

Jimmy scooped me off of the floor in his arms. He curled me toward his chest. I could no longer move my muscles. I could not keep my eyes open anymore. He carried me over to the bed and set me down. He pressed his lips against my forehead. My heart was pounding in my chest. The bed dipped when he sat on the edge.1

"Just behave," Jimmy said. "I never want to hurt you again."16

 There was a loud crash that woke me up from my unconscious state. It was if someone had slammed something heavy onto the ground. 1

	My temple ached and my wrist was throbbing. I pressed my fingers against the swollen skin on my wrist. I looked at myself to see that I was wearing a large T-shirt and my underwear. The blankets were draped over my body. 1

	"What?" I heard Charles yell from downstairs.+

"I...I...I didn't know that it was that much," Jimmy's voice said. +

"Don't be an idiot, boy! You better not kill that girl. You know that she is the only one that you get. Go upstairs and check on her."2

I closed my eyes. I listened to the stairs creak as Jimmy came upstairs to the room. The door opened and then clicked shut. I listened as Jimmy walked around the room. The bed dipped as he sat down next to me. His fingers grazed along my cheek, and a shiver ran up my spine. +

"Juliet," he whispered. +

I groaned and swatted his hand away from my face. Jimmy let out a sigh of relief. I held my aching head and curled up into a ball on my side. +

"You're alright," he said. "I am so sorry. I promised that I wasn't going to hurt you and I do something as stupid as this."+

I closed my eyes and I could see Jimmy with his blood-soaked hands. That innocent girl must be downstairs. They must have killed her like they had killed that man. There was still a chance that she was in this house. They may have spared her to be Tommy's wife. I needed to find out. If there were two of us, we could escape together. 8

I pushed the blankets off of my body. I propped myself up on my elbow and tried to shimmy myself off of the bed. Jimmy grabbed my arm and pulled me back. His rough hands wrapped around my wrists and pinned me against the bed. He threw his leg over me so that he was leaning over me. His hair was falling out from behind his ears. His grotesque scar was almost hidden.3

"Woah there," he said. "Where are you going?"1

"Get off of me," I said. +

"Juliet, you need to rest," he said. "You must be tired."+

"Please, let me go," I said. +

"Rest, sweetheart."+

Jimmy leaned in and kissed my cheek. 3

"Where's that girl?" I asked. 4

"What girl?" he asked. +

"The girl from last night."+

Jimmy let out a deep breath. He let go of one of my wrists and ran his fingers through his hair. I balled up my fist and punched him in the chest. He did not flinch.  1

"First off, no asking questions," he said. "You need to trust me that I am taking care of you."9

"Did you kill her?" I asked. +

"You're not listening," he said. "If you keep asking me questions I am going to have to punish you, which I really don't want to do."6

There was a knock on the door. Jimmy loosened the grip on my wrists. +

"Yeah?" he called out. +

"Dad wants to know if you'll be outside soon," Tommy said through the door. 1

"I'll be out in like twenty minutes." +

"Alright."+

I listened to the stairs creak as Tommy left. Jimmy kissed me before pulling me up to the edge of the bed. My head was pounding and my muscles ached. Jimmy let go of me and pulled a dress out of the closet. He grabbed the bottom of my shirt and I pushed him back. +

"Juliet, don't do that," he said. "You need to respect me."23

"I can do it," I said. +

I snatched the dress out of his hands. I pulled the shirt over my head. I covered my chest with my arm before I put on the sundress. I pushed myself up off of the bed and my knees wobbled. Jimmy snaked his arm around my waist and pulled me to his chest. +

"Let me help you to the bathroom," he said. "There's a toothbrush and everything for you."+

"I can walk on my own," I said. +

"No, you need me."27

Jimmy pulled me over to the bathroom connected to the bedroom. Jimmy kept his arm around me as he handed me a hairbrush. I brushed out the tangles in my hair and tucked it behind my ears. He gave me a toothbrush. I brushed my teeth as fast as I could while he held onto me. He kissed my temple before pulling me out of the room. 5

I held onto the banister of the stairs and I took a shaky step. Jimmy shook his head. He leaned down and slid his arm under my knees. He picked me up and curled me into his chest. 1

"I can't have you hurting yourself," he said. "Don't try to come upstairs while I am gone. I don't want you to fall."24

Jimmy set me down when we got to the bottom of the steps. He guided me into the kitchen. Tommy was sitting at the dining room table shuffling a deck of cards. Jimmy pulled a chair out at the table. He put his hand on my shoulder, forcing me to sit. 2

"What are you still doing inside?" Jimmy asked Tommy. +

"I was waiting for you," he said. "I wasn't sure if you would need help."+

"I've got this covered."+

Jimmy walked over to the counter and grabbed a bowl. He set the porridge down in front of me. +

"You need to eat," he said. +

"I'm not hungry," I said.+

"It's not an option."3

Jimmy crouched down beside me. My stomach twisted and I bit down on my lip. I squeezed my eyes shut. Jimmy grazed his fingers along the bare skin of my arm. +

"Try to rest," Jimmy said. "You don't have to do any chores. I am going to come in early and help you with dinner. Understand?"5

I opened my eyes and nodded. Jimmy kissed me again before standing. Will this guy ever keep his lips off of me? 12

"Let's go, Tommy," he said. 1

His chair screeched across the floor as he stood. I watched the two of them put on their coats before going out the backdoor. +

I looked around the empty house before standing. My legs shook as I walked toward the door. I grabbed the door handle, but it wouldn't budge. I banged my fist against the door and let  out a cry.4

There had to be another door. I stumbled as I went across the kitchen. I leaned against the wall to stop myself from falling over as I made my way into the hall. There was another door sitting at the end of the hall. I nearly fell on my face as I ran to the door. I grabbed the handle and jiggled it, but it wouldn't budge. +

My knees gave out underneath me and I crumpled onto the floor. I sucked in a deep breath and a tear rolled down my cheek. I wiped it away before burying my face in my hands. +

They had me locked in this house. They planned on locking me in here forever. I had to find a way out of here. 19

I struggled to get myself back up onto my feet. I went into the room across the hall to see that it was a living room. A tattered couch sat along the wall next to a recliner. There was a giant bookshelf overfilled with books. There was a large window that was covered in bars. +

I could feel myself sway and the throbbing in my head was overtaking my body. I dragged my feet over to the couch. I lied and curled up into a ball. +

Whatever Jimmy had drugged me with had taken over my body again.1

+

"Juliet."+

	I opened my eyes to see Jimmy kneeling on the floor next to the couch. His fingers were tangled in my hair. I sat and pushed him away from me. I dug the heel of my palm into my eyes as I yawned. Jimmy chuckled. +

	"I came in to help you with dinner," he said. "How are you feeling?"+

	"I need to get home," I said. "People are going to be wondering where I am."+

	Lina must be worried that I never came home from work the other night. She may have thought that I went home with Donavon, but when I did not come to work tonight she would know that I am missing. +

	"No one is looking for you," Jimmy said. "No one in your old life loved you."22

	"My roommate has probably called the cops," I said. 1

	"Juliet, I am not going to keep talking about this," he said. "Let's go make dinner."+

	Jimmy grabbed my arm and pulled me onto my feet. He laced his fingers through mine and we walked into the kitchen. Jimmy opened the fridge and pulled out some vegetables and a slab of meat. He dug through a drawer and pulled out a small knife. He handed me a potato and a knife. 12

	"Peel those," he said. 4

	I nodded my head and walked over to the counter. I watched Jimmy as he grabbed a pot and a pan and put them on the stove. He sliced pieces of the meat and fried them in the pan. I dumped the potatoes into the boiling water. 26

	"Did you cook a lot before?" Jimmy asked. +

	"Not really," I said. "I know how to cook, but my roommate and I lived off of take-out."3

	Lina could not cook. She one time tried to make pasta for her boyfriend, but overcooked the noodles and burned the sauce. I had to save her and make her a whole new meal. 1

	"I saw you did not eat your porridge this morning," Jimmy said. "I told you to eat it."+

	"I'm not hungry," I said. +

	"You need to eat," he said. "I don't want you to get sick."16

	I looked at my hand to see the small knife was still in my grip. I could stab Jimmy and run out of this house, but I was still probably locked in. Charles would come in and see his dead son and would murder me. 11

	My thoughts were cut off when Jimmy grabbed my wrist. He ripped the knife out of my hand and tossed it in the sink. He grabbed my chin and lifted my head to face him. 2

	"I love you," he said. 55

	He leaned in to kiss me. He pressed my back against the counter. I pushed my hands against his chest. I rolled my head to the side so that his lips were on my cheek.+

	The backdoor opened, and Tommy and Charles walked into the kitchen. Jimmy took a step away from me. Tommy and Charles hung up their coats on the hooks beside the door. They sat down at the kitchen table. +

	"Bring the food to the counter," Jimmy said. +

	He kissed my cheek and joined his family at the table. I grabbed a fork and picked the fried meat out of the pan. I could not really tell what it was, but it kind of looked like beef.  I put the potatoes into a bowl and carried them both over to the table. 43

	"Thank you, Juliet," Charles said. "You're fitting into this family quite well."7

	"Come sit down," Jimmy said as he pulled out one of the chairs. +

	I took a step away from the table. +

	"I'm not hungry," I said. +

	"You didn't eat your breakfast," Jimmy said. "You need to eat."+

	"I really-"+

	"Juliet," Charles cut me off. "You need to listen to Jimmy or there will be punishments. And Jimmy, you need to not be afraid to punish your girl. Now, Juliet sit down."27

	Charles' voice grew louder as he spoke. I looked over at Jimmy to see his large brown eyes were begging for me to sit down. Charles pulled a pocket knife out from his jeans. He flipped the blade open and set it down on the table. There was a lump forming in my throat as I swallowed. 3

I obeyed Charles' silent threat and sat down in the chair. Jimmy loaded my plate with potatoes and meat. I took a small bite of the meat. It was incredibly chewy and had a really different taste. It was kind of sweet. It must be something like deer or duck. I've never eaten those animals before. 75

I kept my gaze down on the plate. Every time that I looked up, I could see all three of them stare at me. Charles kept the knife sitting on the table. They ate in silence as they shoveled food into their mouths. I managed to eat the food Jimmy gave me. When Charles finished his meal he leaned back in his chair. 7

"That was delicious, Juliet," Charles said. +

"You got a good one," Tommy said. 4

Charles closed the blade of his pocket knife and shoved it into his pocket. Tension eased from my muscles as he took the threat away. He smiled and rubbed his stomach. +

"We need you to clean up," Charles said. "That will be expected from you. We are protecting you from the outside world."11

"There is nothing dangerous out there," I said. 1

All the danger was inside of this house.   2

"It didn't look like that when I was at that club," he said. "I saw that man attack you."12

I remembered the man with the large crow tattoo grabbing me in the club. It seemed like so long ago. Plenty of men had grabbed me while I was working, but he was the first one to throw me onto the floor. Charles must have seen it all happen while he was sitting in the booth. +

"What club?" Jimmy asked. +

"She hasn't told you?" Charles asked him. "Go ahead and tell him, Juliet. Tell him what you did for work."+

"What did you do?" Jimmy asked. 13

The heat rushed to my cheeks. All three of them were staring at me. +

"I...um...I am a stripper," I said. +

	Tommy burst into laughter. He threw his hand over his mouth to try and stop himself from laughing. Jimmy picked one of the potatoes out of the bowl and threw it at Tommy. It bounced off his shoulder. 11

	"Don't laugh at her," Jimmy said. 1

	"I'm sorry," Tommy said between laughs. "I just find it pretty funny. Juliet just seems so meek. Strippers aren't like that."+

	"How would you know?" Charles asked. +

	"Taylor told me a story once," Tommy said quickly. 15

	Charles let out a huff of breath and shook his head. +

	"Juliet, you no longer are a stripper," Charles said. "You were one, but we are going to take care of you. You are part of our family."+

	I looked over at the backdoor. A lock on the door and bars on the window was what was trapping me in this family. +

	"What do you say, Juliet?" Jimmy asked. I raised an eyebrow and Jimmy rolled his eyes. "Say thank you."4

	"Thank you," I said. 1

I sat in the rocking chair in the corner of the bedroom. There were muttered voices downstairs, but I could not make out what was being said. I glanced over at the alarm clock every few minutes until an hour passed by. The time went by faster than I would like. It was nice to be left alone. 3

	The stairs creaked, and then the door opened. Charles walked in with a garbage bag draped over his shoulder. He emptied the bag onto the bed. White lace spilled out onto the quilt. I leaned forward to see that it was a wedding dress. 2

	"Juliet, put it on," he said. +

	I swallowed past the lump that was forming in my throat. I had not noticed it before, but Charles was wearing a pair of slacks and a black buttoned-down shirt. I had not seen him in anything but jeans and flannel since I saw him at the strip club. +

I shook my head and sank further into the chair. Charles reached toward me and I swatted his hand away. He grabbed a fistful of my hair and pulled my head back. +

"We're going to have a nice ceremony, Juliet," he said. "This is my first son's wedding. I'm not going to let you ruin this."+

"Please, don't make me do this." The tears were burning my eyes, and I tried not to blink. If I blinked the tears would start pouring down my cheeks. +

"I'm not going to be patient with you," he said. +

Charles let go of my hair and grabbed my wrist. There was a click and then something sharp against my little finger. He had the blade from his pocket knife pressed into my flesh. +

"We can do this the easy or the hard way," he said. "But it's going to happen. Do you want to lose the finger?"16

I shook my head. A warm tear rolled down my cheek. Charles let go of my arm and then ran his fingers through my hair. He slipped the knife back into his pocket. 1

"Good girl," he said. "Now get up and get changed. I'll be back in ten minutes. If you're not in that dress when I get back I will punish you."6

Charles left the room and slammed the door behind him. I took a deep breath before getting up from the rocking chair. I ran my fingers over the yellowing lace of the dress. The bottom was worn and ripped. How many girls were forced to wear this dress?22

I removed my clothes and pulled on the dress. I was shocked at how heavy the material was. The lace sleeves ran past my fingertips and the shoulder was ripped. I reached behind me to zip up the zipper, but I could not do it up all the way. The dress pooled around my feet. 10

In less than five minutes, the door opened and Charles walked in. I was glad that I at least got the dress on before he barged in. +

"Don't you look beautiful," he said. +

"Please," I said. "You can't do this."3

"Keep up that attitude and I will punish you," he said. "And if I punish you it will make what Jimmy did to you earlier look like a scratch."+

Charles reached behind me and zipped up the rest of the dress. He pulled the elastic out of my hair and I gritted my teeth as he ripped out a few of my hairs. The rest of my hair tumbled down my back. He picked the veil up from the bed and set it down on top of my head. The mesh was torn and ripped. 7

He grabbed my wrist and yanked me forward. My heart pounded in my chest as I tried to rip my arm free from his grip. My feet were bare, so I tried to dig my heels into the hardwood floor. I tried to stop him, but it was useless. He pushed me forward to the edge of the staircase. He slipped his arm around my waist and lifted me off the ground. He made his way down the stairs with me in his arms. 2

"Here's our beautiful bride," he announced as he set me back onto the floor.4

The dining room table was pushed to the edge of the room. They hung a white sheet from the ceiling. It disguised the kitchen by hiding the counter, fridge, and stove. Jimmy was standing in front of the sheet with his arms crossed over his chest. He had on a white buttoned-up shirt with a tie that lazily done up. Tommy was sitting in a chair off to the side. Jimmy smiled when he saw me. 16

"Please." My voice cracked. "Please, don't make me do this."+

"Juliet, this will officially bring you into our family," Charles said. He dragged me further into the kitchen. "We love you."1

"I don't want to be part of your family."2

Pain exploded in the back of my skull, and my vision went black for a few seconds. Charles had hit me on the back of my head with the heel of his hand. +

"Watch your mouth and show us some respect," he told me. 17

He pulled me in front of Jimmy and let go. I wiped the tears off of my cheeks and took in a sharp breath. My knees were shaking as I took a step back. I looked over my shoulder at the door and took off running. I stumbled on the lace of the dress as I ran to the door. I grabbed the doorknob, but it didn't budge. I let out a cry as I tried to open the door. 5

"Tommy, grab Juliet and we'll get started," Charles said. +

I heard him let out a deep breath and a chair scraped across the floor. He grabbed my hips and pulled me away from the door. I was standing across from Jimmy, and Charles was between us with a crumpled piece of paper in his hands. +

"Now we can begin," Charles said. +

I turned around, but Tommy grabbed my elbows and held me in place. I tried to rip myself out of his grasp. He dug his fingers deep into my skin until I let out a yelp. +

"Let go of me!" I screamed as I fought against Tommy. He held me tight against his body. I squeezed my eyes shut, not wanting to look at any of them. "Let go of me!"+

"Tommy, settle her down," Charles said. +

Tommy let go of one of my elbows. I took the chance to swing my elbow back and connected with his stomach. He let go of my other elbow and I ran. The kitchen door was locked, so I was going to have to try the front door. The train of my dress got caught on something and I tumbled to the ground. I looked to see that Tommy had his foot on my dress. He reached down and hauled me onto my feet. +

"Jules, you shouldn't have done that," he whispered into my ear. 3

"Don't get any blood on that dress," Charles told Tommy. "You'll need it in a few years for your girl." 8

Tommy fished through his pocket and pulled out a lighter. He pulled my hand out toward him and flicked the lighter so that a flame danced in the air. In one swift motion, he pulled my hand toward him and my palm was pressed against the flame. 2

I screamed as he seared my flesh. Tears flooded down my cheeks, and my knees gave out underneath me. I tried ripping my hand away, but it was no use. +

"Tommy, that's enough!" Jimmy yelled. +

Tommy let go of me and I fell to the floor. I cradled my hand to my body and rolled onto my side. An angry bright red circle was at the base of my thumb, but the pain radiated up to my elbow. Tommy picked me off the floor. I gasped for breath in between sobs. When I tried to pull myself free, Tommy would press his thumb against my burn and caused me to scream. +

"We are all gathered here today," Charles began, "to unite James and Juliet. We are here to bring Juliet into our family where we will always love and protect her."18

"No, no, no, no," I repeated. +

Charles cleared his throat in an attempt to silence me. +

"Juliet, you have been chosen to be brought into a life of protection," Charles said. "You will forever be safe from the horrors of the outside world. You will always be loved by this family. In exchange for all of this, you must be loyal and serve our family."9

I was crying and shaking my head. I could see Jimmy through my blurry vision, and he was smiling. If Tommy was not holding onto me I would be crumpled on the floor. +

"Juliet, James will love you, and you will love him," Charles said. "I am glad to bring you two together in marriage."4

I took in a sharp breath when I heard that word. There was no way that this was legal. I had to keep reminding myself of that. 2

"James, you can now kiss your beautiful bride," Charles said. 4

"No!" I yelled out. +

"Juliet, don't raise your voice at us," Charles said. +

Tommy pushed me forward. Jimmy grabbed my arms and pulled me out of Tommy's grip. He slid his arms around my back and pulled me into his chest. He lowered his head and pressed his lips against mine. I thrashed my head from side to side. Jimmy put one of his hands on the back of my head and held me in place. +

His family watched as he finished his assault on me. When he pulled away, his lips were spread into a wide smile. +

"I love you," he said. +

"I hate you," I said. +

I balled up my fist and pounded it into his chest. 2

"Juliet, watch your mouth," Charles said. "Don't let her get away with that, James."+

"I won't," he said. +

"Do you need help bringing her upstairs?" Charles asked. +

"No. I got it."+

Jimmy bent down and scooped me into his arms. He curled me tighter into his body when I pushed him away from me. He turned and headed for the stairs with me in his arms. He went down the hallway and nudged his bedroom door open with his foot. He closed the door behind him and set me down on the bed. He crawled over top of me, and I was punching him with my fists.+

"Get off of me!" I yelled. +

"Juliet, be quiet," he said. +

"No, you can't hurt me," I said. +

Jimmy let out a deep breath and grabbed my wrists. He pinned them against the mattress above my head. +

"I'm not going to hurt you," he said. "Just calm down."18

I gritted my teeth as I jerked my arms trying to get out from under him. Jimmy rolled his eyes and got up off of the bed. I watched him as he stepped into the bathroom. He was out a few seconds later with the small black case in his hands. My heart pounded in my chest and I remembered that case from last night. It had syringes. +

I jumped off of the bed. My feet stumbled on the torn lace of the dress. Jimmy hurried over to me and pushed me back onto the bed. He pinned me down onto the bed as his fingers fumbled with the case. I screamed as I watched him draw up a liquid into the syringe. +

"Juliet, this is just to help you calm down," he said. 1

"Please, don't do this," I begged. +

Jimmy lifted up the skirt of the dress. His hands were rough against my thigh. There was a sharp pinch, and I knew that he had drugged me again. +

Jimmy tossed the case to the side. He reached for the zipper on the back of the dress. I tried to fight him off for as long as I could, but the medication was soon taking over my body. He had managed to pull the dress off before I fell unconscious. 3

 Jimmy's alarm woke me up from my unconsciousness. He reached over me and turned it off. I rubbed the heel of my hand into my eyes to help myself wake up. My head was pounding and my mouth was dry. I looked at myself to see that I was only wearing that grey T-shirt again. +

	Jimmy got out of bed and dragged his feet over to the bathroom. He stretched his arms up over his head and I watched the muscles in his back move. 7

	I needed to see what he did to me last night. +

	I sat up and rolled up the hem of the shirt to look at my stomach and legs. There were not any marks. The three slashes on my arm burned. There was a blister at the base of my thumb from Tommy's lighter.+

	When the bathroom door opened, my heart almost beat out of my chest. I threw the shirt back down to cover my body. I may show my skin as my job, but there is no way that I am voluntarily showing my body to Jimmy. He most likely assaulted my body, and the thought of that caused my stomach to twist in a knot. 1

	I got off the bed and hurried to the bathroom. My throbbing head spun with the first couple of steps. I closed the door behind me and locked it. I sat on the floor with my back against the tub. I brought my knees up to my chest and wrapped my arms around myself. 4

	I squeezed my eyes shut, and a couple of tears rolled down my cheeks. My body wanted to break out into sobs, but I could not do that. Jimmy was in the bedroom and I could hear him moving around, which means that he was able to hear me. +

	I can't be here for much longer. Lina and Donovan must be looking for me. I could not listen to what this family tells me. There are people out in the world who care and love me. 2

	There was a knock at the door. The doorknob jiggled and I was glad that I locked it. This was the only space I had to myself in this house. I would lock myself in here forever if I could, but they would easily break down the wooden door. +

	"Juliet, you alright?" Jimmy asked through the door. 6

	My throat was swollen from the crying. I took in a couple of deep breaths. +

	"Yeah," I said. +

	"Okay," he said. "When you're done get changed and come downstairs. Don't take too long."+

	"Alright."+

	I got off the floor. I leaned against the sink as I looked at my reflection. My eyes were bright red. My skin was pale, which made my freckles stand out even more. If I could never go outside, my skin was just going to grow paler. 5

	I brushed my hair and tied it back. I wished I had some kind of make-up to hide my red eyes. I did not want Jimmy to know that I had been crying. Charles may make him punish me again.+

	When I got back to the room, the bed was still unmade and a pile of clothes sat on my pillow. I put on a pair of jeans and a long sleeve shirt. 8

	As I was walking down the steps, I could hear Jimmy and Tommy speaking to each other. I could not make out their words, and it sounded like murmurs. +

	They were sitting at the kitchen table. Tommy was shoving spoonfuls of porridge into his mouth. Jimmy was sitting with his arms crossed over his chest. His eyes were locked on me as I walked into the kitchen. +

	A bowl of porridge sat in front of my seat. My stomach grumbled and I picked up the spoon. I have not had much to eat since I was kidnapped. Jimmy and Tommy watched me as I ate my food. 2

	"You're very shy," Tommy told me. 1

	I stayed quiet as I ate the porridge. +

	"Don't give her a hard time," Jimmy said.+

"Jim, I'm just pointing out the obvious," he said. +

"This is all different to her. Anyone would be nervous."10

Tommy's spoon clanged against the bowl as he dropped it. He put his elbows on the table. An awful smirk appeared on his lips. I instantly lost my appetite. 2

"That's true," Tommy said. "Anyone would be nervous about the killing. Does she know about the me-?"24

"Stop it, Tommy!" Jimmy cut him off. +

His voice was loud and it sounded like Charles', which made me flinch. +

"Why?" Tommy asked. "Why can't she know? You know she's going to find out eventually."+

"I don't care," Jimmy said. "It's my choice when to tell her, not yours."+

"What? Are you saying that I can't say it out loud?"+

Say what? I wanted to scream from the top of my lungs. 4

I bit down on my lip to stop myself. He was willing to tell me that he was a murderer, so whatever he was hiding must be much worse. I am kind of glad that he was not telling me. I feel like any more information on this family was going to lead to me having a complete breakdown. 2

"Tommy, it's not your decision," Jimmy said. "When you get your girl you can tell her whatever you want, okay? Now, go outside and help Dad."+

Tommy rolled his eyes and stood. +

"You may be able to tell Juliet what to do, but don't think you can order me around," he said. +

He stormed out of the kitchen, slamming the door shut behind him. Jimmy ran his fingers through his long hair and shook his head. +

"He can be so juvenile," he said. 3

Jimmy picked up our empty bowls and brought them over to the sink. I got up and followed him. For some reason, I did not want to be left alone at the table. +

My body froze when Jimmy pressed his lips against mine. He ran his hands up my back as he pulled me closer. I tried to push him away, but I knew that it was no use. When he was done, he kissed my forehead. 2

"I've got to go," he said. "Do your chores and we will be in for dinner."+

He tightened his arms around me so much that I was no longer able to move. He kissed my cheek. His grip loosened, and I wiggled my way to freedom. 1

"Be good," Jimmy said before he turned around. +

He grabbed his jacket off the hook by the back door. I watched him as he left. I could hear the click as he locked the door behind him. 3

I let out a deep breath and turned around. I grabbed the edge of the sink and looked through the bars of the window. Charles' rusted truck sat on the gravel driveway. Charles was standing behind it pulling a shovel out of the cab. I dropped my gaze down to the sink and filled it full of water. +

I scrubbed the dishes clean. It took me a long time to find out where the dishes went in the cupboards. +

Parts of me wanted to bang on the doors and try to break them down. The stinging in my arm reminded me of what would be waiting if I did not do what I said. If I did not do these chores Charles would make Jimmy punish me for sure. 2

I walked around the house opening closet doors until I found the cleaning supplies. I grabbed a broom and swept the floor. I hummed to myself as I dragged the broom across the wood floor. 1

I went behind the large staircase, and I saw a door. The door frame was scratched like someone had been clawing at it. The paint around the doorknob was flaking off. It must be the door to the basement. +

My heart sunk in my chest when I thought about the screaming girl they dragged into the house a few nights ago. They must have brought her into the basement. I dropped the broom and ran over to the door. I tried to turn the knob, but it was locked. I banged on the door with my fist. +

"Hello?" I called out. 7

There was silence. +

I banged on the door harder. I kicked the door and pressed my ear against the door. I expected to hear someone moving on the other side, but it was silent. +

I had to find the key to that door. I ran up the stairs and into Jimmy's room. I opened the drawers to his dresser. I lifted the piles of folded clothes and ran my fingers along the bottom. I pulled out each drawer and prayed to feel a key. 1

Cold metal touched my fingertips and my heart pounded in my chest. I grabbed the jagged object and pulled it out. It was not a key, but it was a silver dragon on the end of a chain. I sighed and shook my head. I placed the necklace back under the clothes and shut the door. 3

I went back down the stairs and picked up the broom. I continued to do my chores as I thought about how I was going to get out of here.2

Jimmy insisted on drugging me last night. I begged and pleaded for him not to, but he held me down and forced the needle into my thigh.  It was the only reason that I slept all night. My head was heavy when his alarm clock went off in the early morning. I held my temple as I rolled out of bed.+

Jimmy pulled out clothes for me and set them on the bed. I put them on, and like usual, they were much too large for me. My small frame was swallowed up by these clothes. Where did they get them from? 5

When we entered the kitchen, Charles was sitting at the table. He had a book in his hands and an empty bowl in front of him. His eyes were locked on the book and he did not look at us as we entered. +

Jimmy grabbed the box of cereal that was sitting on top of the fridge. I grabbed two bowls from the cupboard. Why did I do that? How did I already settle into their routine? 2

Tommy came down the steps a few minutes later. He smirked at me as he walked past the table. I looked over at Jimmy to see that he was not paying him any attention. When Tommy sat down he continued to stare at me. I picked up my bowl and brought it over to the sink. Jimmy followed behind me. He placed his hand on my hip as I filled the sink full of water. 1

"Are you going to behave today?" Jimmy asked me. 6

I kept my gaze down at the sink. My fingers were curled against the edge. Jimmy grabbed my chin and pulled my head so that I was staring at him. His eyebrows were furrowed. +

"Answer me," he said. +

"I'll be good," I muttered. I knew it was what he would want to hear, and it was how to get him to step away. He let out a deep breath before letting go of my chin. +

"Don't have an attitude with me," Jimmy said. 9

"I don't have an attitude," I said. "I just don't want to be here."+

"Juliet!" Charles yelled out. 3

I bit down on my lip as my heart felt like it was slamming against my ribcage. I grabbed my injured arm and cradled it to my body. Charles shook his head as he walked toward me. +

"This is your home," he said. "This is where you belong. You are not going anywhere. We have to keep you safe from the outside world. There is so much out there that wants to hurt you."7

I nodded. My arm was already throbbing as I awaited my punishment. I held onto my breath as Charles stepped closer to me. He stepped in between Jimmy and I. He glared at me as he placed his bowl in the hot soapy water. My fingers curled tighter into my wrist.

"If you disrespect James again you will be punished," he said. "Do you understand?"3

"Yes," I said. +

"Good girl. Now, boys, let's get outside."10

Charles walked toward the door and I let go of my breath. Jimmy kissed my temple before following his father. Tommy grumbled something before getting up from the table with his bowl still half full of cereal. 3

I watched as they left the house. I waited a few minutes before checking to see if the door was locked, and of course, it was. I wondered if they would ever trust me enough to keep the door unlocked. 2

They must keep a spare key somewhere in this house, and I was going to find it. I already checked Jimmy's room, and all I found was that necklace. Tommy or Charles may have one hidden somewhere. 1

I ran up the stairs and into Tommy's room. His room was in pristine condition, everything was so organized, so I had to be careful. Did Charles punish the boys when they were little if their rooms were not clean? I had never seen boys take such good care of their room. 3

I lifted the knick-knacks that were scattered on top of the dresser. At the end of the dresser, there was a picture frame. It was two little boys playing in a pile of leaves. I could tell that it was Jimmy and Tommy. They looked to be about eight and six years old. It was odd to see the side of Jimmy's face so smooth and missing the thick jagged scar. How did he get disfigured like that? It was hard to know that I was looking at a picture of two future murderers. 7

I set the picture down and went through Tommy's drawers. There were no keys anywhere. Next to the picture was a little wooden box. Roses and leaves were engraved into the top of the box. I picked it up and slowly lifted the lid to the box.4

My hand shot up over my mouth to stop myself from screaming. The box was filled with teeth. They varied in size and colour. Some were yellow, but the ones on the top were white. 9

My stomach seemed to be sliding up into my throat as a wave of nausea hit me. The white ones must be from the man and woman that they killed the other night. It was awful enough that they killed people, but Tommy took a souvenir from them.  2

Without thinking, I let go of the box and dropped it. As the box hit the ground, the teeth dispersed all over the floor. I fell to my knees and started to frantically collect all of the teeth. A shiver ran up my spine every time I touched one. They all come from an innocent person's mouth. It belonged to someone's smile at one point in time. +

Once I was sure that I got all of the teeth back into the box I put it back on the dresser. I ran back to our bedroom and headed straight to the bathroom. I locked the door behind me. I leaned over the toilet and began vomiting. The few contents in my stomach left my body.  8

With the back of my sleeve, I wiped my mouth and then rolled over onto the floor. I wanted to curl up and cry, but I could not let them do that to me. I needed to stay sane when I escaped. The police were going to have enough trouble believing what goes on in this house. Being hysterical would not help. 1

I got up off of the floor and washed my hands. I thought about going back into Tommy's room, but I doubt I could handle it. I walked to Charles' room but stopped at the door. I didn't want to find out any surprises. I turned around and headed back down the stairs. 1

I grabbed a broom and started cleaning the kitchen as I thought about my freedom.  7

 Today was the first day that Jimmy did not come in early to help me cook dinner. As I was cooking, I thought about poisoning their food. There were bleach and other cleaning chemicals in the closet. I could pour that into their mashed potatoes, but they would be able to taste that. I could not imagine what kind of punishment I would get if they found out I tried to kill them. 18

	I finished cooking as they came in. They put their coats on the rack and headed straight for the table to shovel down the food. They reminded me of a pack of hyenas around an animal carcass.3

I sat down and put a small amount of food on my plate. I let the dinner conversation flow around me. I nodded my head every so often, but I did not contribute to the conversation. My mind was more occupied thinking about where they may hide those keys. +

I washed the dishes after dinner as Jimmy and Tommy played some card games. Charles had gone up to his room. I dunked my hands into the warm water. I tried to listen to them talk, but their voices were so low that it was hard to understand. +

"So how was it?" Tommy asked. +

"Why?" Jimmy asked. +

It's me. They are talking about me. I paused washing the dishes so that I could hear them better. +

"Come on. I'm your brother," Tommy said. "You shouldn't keep details like this away from me. Juliet is beautiful, so I imagine that it was great." +

"Yeah," Jimmy mumbled. "It's good."+

My stomach twisted in a knot when I realized that they were talking about raping me. Tommy was talking about it like it was something that he was looking forward to. I did not want to think about what Jimmy was doing to me when he drugged me, but now I knew the reality. 12

I clanged the dishes together and tried to make as much noise as I could so that I did not hear them talking. Jimmy sedating me every time he raped me was probably a good thing. If I knew exactly what he was doing I would probably lose my mind. It already feels as if it is deteriorating, like every little thing they do is chipping away a piece of my brain. 6

When I finished washing the dishes, I looked behind me to see that Jimmy and Tommy were still sitting at the table. They were holding cards in their hands and would call out the occasional number, but they were no longer talking. +

Jimmy glanced to see that I was standing at the sink. He pulled out the chair next to him, and I sat next to him. I watched them play the game and tried to figure out the rules. In the end, Tommy was scowling so I could tell that he lost. Jimmy put his arm around my shoulders and kissed my cheek. Tommy stormed up the stairs to his room. +

"Let's go up," Jimmy said. 2

I squeezed my eyes shut. He was going to drug and rape me again. Jimmy slid his arm off of my shoulders and grabbed my hand. I followed him as he pulled me up the stairs and into his room. 7

He pulled me onto the bed with him. I tried to wiggle out of his hold, but that only caused him to tighten his grip. +

"Stop it, Juliet," he said. "I don't want to have to punish you."2

Jimmy's hands did not move, and that made me think that he just wanted to hold me. I focused on my breathing to stop myself from panicking. My ear was pressed against his chest and I could hear his steady heartbeat. +

Jimmy lifted my arm. It was already starting to scab. Jimmy ran his fingers across the healing wounds. His hands were rough, but whenever he touched me it was light and soft. He pressed his cheek against the top of my head. He took his focus off of my right arm and focused on my left. He flipped it over so that my tattoo was showing. +

The tattoo was of a black rose with a cross behind it. Lina and I went out to get tattoos one night after we had been drinking. She always thought that I wanted it because it was pretty. I never told her that it was to memorialize my family. +

Jimmy traced the tattoo with his fingers. It caused a tingling sensation to run up my arm and into my shoulder. 8

"Why'd you scar yourself like that?" he asked me. +

"I got it for my family," I said. +

"You mean your birth family," he corrected me. 1

"What?" I asked. +

"We're your family now. Your birth parents are part of your birth family."3

"Oh."+

"I want you to say it. Say we are your family."1

I closed my eyes. They were not my family, but I did not know what kind of punishment was waiting for me so I forced the words off of my lips. +

"You're my family," I said. 3

"What?" he asked. +

I must have not said it loud enough. I tried saying it again, but this time I raised my voice. +

"You are my family," I said. My voice cracked on the word family. 5

"That's my girl," he said. +

He kissed the top of my head. I wanted to cry, but I refused to let myself shed a tear. They wanted to see me break like that. +

Jimmy refocused his attention back to my tattoo. +

"It's nice," he said. "You're a lot prettier without it. I don't know why girls feel like they need to scar themselves to be more beautiful. Your skin is so gorgeous. You should have not stained it like that."29

I let out a gasp when Jimmy kissed my cheek. He let go of my arms and ran his hands to my chest. I pulled his hands away from me. +

"No," I said as I sat. +

I was amazed that I made it out of his grip. Jimmy pushed himself up too. I pushed myself back so that I was on the opposite end of the bed. +

"Juliet, I love you," Jimmy said. "I've been waiting for twenty years for you. I'm so happy to finally have you."5

"Please, let me go," I begged. "I have people looking for me."+

"No one is looking for you."+

"Yes, yes they are. My best friend will be worried that I never came home. She probably called the cops. If you let me go now-"+

"Enough!" +

I was silenced by Jimmy's loud voice. I sucked in a deep breath and dug my teeth into my bottom lip. Jimmy's large brown eyes turned cold. He ran his fingers through his long hair. +

"No one is looking for you," he said. "Now, I don't want to hear you talk about leaving again. Understand?"6

I nodded. Jimmy let out a huff of breath and got up off of the bed. +

"I'm going to take a shower," he said. "Don't leave this room or I'll have to punish you."+

He went into the bathroom and slammed the door. I got up off the bed and headed for the door. My fingers wrapped around the door handle. I wanted to run downstairs, but Jimmy's threat lingered in the air. Going downstairs would result in him cutting my arm. All I would be doing is checking locked doors. It would not be worth it. 1

I listened to the sound of water as Jimmy took a shower. I changed out of my clothes and into the T-shirt Jimmy had been giving me at night. I crawled into bed and rolled onto my side so that I could stare through the window. I clutched at the blankets to my chest. At least I was able to hide my body from him tonight. +

I pretended to be asleep when Jimmy came out of the bathroom. He left me alone as he walked around the room. The bed dipped as he lay down. I could not fall asleep until I heard him lightly snoring.  7

I woke up with cramps in my lower stomach. I didn't have a calendar, but this told me that I've been in this house for a week. I was in the bathroom going through the cupboards when Jimmy walked in. 3

	"What are you looking for?" he asked. +

	"I...um.." I scratched the back of my head. "Do you know what a tampon is?"+

	"Oh." Jimmy's eyes grew big. "I heard about this"15

	My cheeks reddened as he opened one of the cupboards under the sink. He grabbed a box and set it down on the counter. He didn't say anything to me as he left the bathroom. +

	When I was finished, I went back into the bedroom. He had on a pair of jeans and no shirt on. His back was to me. He turned around when he heard me. +

	My eyes locked onto his chest. He had a long silver chain around his neck, and at the end of it was a key. It must be the key to the doors. They were wearing them so that I would not be able to steal it. I was going to have to find a way to get it off of his neck. 2

	He pulled his shirt over his head. He reached forward and grabbed my wrist and pulled me toward him. My heart jumped as my feet stumbled, and it wasn't a very graceful way for me to come over to him. He wrapped his arms around me and pressed his lips against mine. The thought to push him away was slowly leaving my mind as I realized that it was no use. I stood still with my hands pressed against his chest.

	"You're so beautiful," he said before kissing my temple. "I'm so lucky to have you."1

	My lips lifted into a faint smile, but I quickly wiped it away. I can't let myself accept compliments from a murderer. I refuse to lose my mind that way. 24

	Someone banged on our door. A groan came from Jimmy's throat and I lifted my head to look at the door. +

	"We're coming, Tommy," he shouted. He slid his hands around my neck and pulled me in for another kiss. "We better get going."+

	I nodded. He grabbed my hand, and he pulled me toward the stairs. Tommy and Charles were already at the table eating. Charles had a paper in his hand. Jimmy shoved a bowl of porridge into my hands and I sat in my usual spot. 2

	My heart felt as if it jumped into my throat. Nothing is usual about this place. I cannot think that way. I will only have a couple more days here before somebody finds me. +

	As I ate, I looked around at all of them. The same silver chain was also around Tommy and Charles' neck, poking out from the collars of their shirts. They all had a key on them. 3

	"Taylor says that Emme is pregnant," Charles read from the paper, which must have been a letter. Their eyes lit up and Jimmy and Tommy high-fived each other across the table. "They already moved into their place, so it'll be good if they can have a boy soon."5

	"That means Juliet should be pregnant soon," Tommy said. 11

	I gagged on my breakfast. Tommy smirked. Jimmy scowled as he ate the rest of his porridge. I should have assumed that they would want children. 5

	"Juliet has only been here for a week," Charles said. "It's more important that she gets settled here before she starts giving me grandchildren."+

	"What if I don't get settled?" I asked. 6

	"Don't worry," Charles told me. "You'll be settled here before you know it. We are your family and we love you."+

	All of their eyes were staring at me, and it felt like acid burning through my skin. I have no idea how to respond to that. +

	"Juliet, what should you say?" Jimmy asked, arching an eyebrow. +

	"Thank you?" I guessed. 7

	"No problem," Charles said. "Now boys, I think we should get out there and start working before we lose the day."+

	They all got up and left their bowls on the table. Jimmy kissed my cheek before putting on his jacket. I watched as he pulled the key out from underneath his shirt and unlocked the door. I picked up the bowls and washed them. I watched them through the bars as they headed out toward the barn. 2

--+

	I spent the whole day scrubbing the house clean as I thought about the keys. I had to find a way for Jimmy to take his key off. He slept with it on, and I'm pretty sure if I tried to pull it over his head while he slept he would wake up. Maybe he took it off when he showered, and I could sneak into the bathroom. 1

	When my stomach grumbled I began to make dinner. There weren't many clocks in the house and I never took note of the time Jimmy would come in to help. I guessed it would be appropriate to start dinner. When they entered the house, I was almost done cooking. +

	Tommy and Charles went up to their rooms to wash up. Jimmy slipped his arms around my waist. He nuzzled his face into my neck. His normal smell of dirt and sweat filled my nose. I couldn't believe that I started familiarizing myself with his scent. 4

	I knew I was imagining it, but I felt like I could feel the key around his neck pressing up against my back. +

	"How was your day?" he asked. 9

	"It was okay," I said. +

	He kept his arms around me as I stared down at the frying pan full of vegetables. He kissed my cheek before going to our room. I started putting food on the table. Tommy came down, and then Charles. They pulled out their chairs and Jimmy came thudding down the stairs. He gave me an odd look when he saw that I was still standing, so I sat down in my chair. 3

	"It's so nice having a girl around again," Charles said as we were passing the food around. "There's nothing better than coming inside to a home-cooked meal."3

	"Yeah," Tommy said. "We no longer need to go to Jenny or Lindsay if we want a good meal."3

	They were two more names that I did not recognize. It must be more family, like Taylor and Emme. I hoped that it was not another family who was kidnapping girls too. 2

	"You did get me a good one," Jimmy told his father. "Beautiful and a great cook."+

	"I do have to admit that it benefits us all," Charles said, chuckling. "Her food is delicious and she's a lot better to look at than each other's face all day."+

	I had a tight grip on the fork as I picked at the food on my plate. They were talking about me like I was some kind of object. +

	They were all laughing as they shoveled food into their mouths. I should put something in their food to poison them. All I had was the cleaning supplies. They would surely taste it and then punish me. I would have to earn their trust in order to get that key. 4

	"Since Taylor's having a baby, can we visit them soon?" Tommy asked. 4

	"In a few months, yes," Charles said. "We need to make sure that Juliet is settled first."+

	"She's doing a good job so far," Jimmy said. +

	"I noticed that she is not screaming and fighting back like most do," Charles said. "I thought you were going to have your hands full with this one, but I appear to be wrong."3

	I looked at them and forced a smile on my lips. Jimmy's face beamed as he also smiled. I was already earning their trust. I would not get out of here kicking and screaming. I would have to have them trust me enough to be able to convince them to keep the door unlocked one day. +

	"I'm trying," I said. I knew it would please Jimmy. 2

	"Obedient too," Tommy said. "Wow, you're lucky Jim."13

	When dinner was done, I began cleaning. Jimmy was leaning against the counter with his arms crossed over his chest. His eyes followed me as I worked. He did not say anything, but he watched me as I washed all of the dishes. 4

	Once I was finished, he stood up straight. He laced his fingers through mine. He did not grab my wrist in the painful way he usually did. He pulled me upstairs to the bedroom. +

	"Lie down," he said as he closed the door behind him. +

	My heart pounded in my chest. I was going to try to earn their trust, but I had my boundaries. He probably thinks that he has already turned me into the perfect woman that will do whatever he wants. I was going to put up a fight if he tried to rape me. +

	Jimmy raised an eyebrow at me, and I knew that I was taking too long to do it. My knees shook as I got on the bed and laid down on the side that I slept on. Jimmy sat down on the edge of the bed and was leaning over me. His long hair was coming out from behind his ears. He traced my jawline with his fingers. +

	"I'm so proud of you," he told me. His lips were spread into a wide smile. "I was nervous about getting a wife because I was not sure how long and how much work it was going to take to get her settled here. But you're such a part of our family that you settled in right away. You're perfect, Juliet."3

	"Julie," I corrected him. 6

	I bit my tongue after I said that. I always preferred to be called Julie, but I only ever told my friends to call me that. Why did that slip out of my mouth so easily? I had to make sure that this pretending to settle in was not turning into reality for me. +

	"Julie." He tried out the word on his tongue, and managed to smile even more. "I like it."+

	He leaned down to kiss me again. I turned my head to the side so that his lips brushed against my cheek. He kissed my jaw before trailing his lips down to my neck. His hands slid up my side to my chest. I grabbed his wrists and pulled his hands off of me. When I let go, he put his hands back onto my chest. +

	"Please," I said. I made my voice wobble so that it sounded like I was on the verge of tears. "Please, don't do this."+

	Jimmy pulled back and I could see the hurt expression on his face. 1

	"Don't do what?" he asked. +

	"I know you've already forced yourself on me when I was unconscious," I said. "But now that I am awake, I want to wait."+

	"Wait." Jimmy's face went pale. "Did you hear me talking to Tommy the other day?" +

	I nodded. I forced a tear to roll down my cheek. Jimmy's jaw dropped and he was shaking his head. +

	"No, no, no," he said. "Julie, I was lying. Dad did tell me that I was supposed to do that to you - and I was going to - but you just looked too sweet. Too sweet and innocent. I couldn't bring myself to do it. I kissed you. You are too beautiful. But please believe me Julie, I never touched you that way."36

	Relief washed over me and I could not stop smiling. He was most likely lying to me, but I wanted to believe that it was true. I had to remind myself of what he was: a murderer. He should have no problem raping a girl. He was probably lying to me to keep me calm. 1

	"Really?" I choked out. +

	"Yes," he said. "Do you want to be sedated tonight?"3

	"No," I said, shaking my head. +

	"Good girl."+

	He kissed my forehead. He got up off the bed and passed me one of his T-shirts. I changed into it and crawled into bed. Jimmy pulled me toward him and forced me to put my head on his chest. He wrapped his arms around me and was playing with my hair. 4

	I closed my eyes and ran my hand up his bare chest. I curled my fingers around the key. Jimmy must have thought I was asleep because he chuckled and then kissed the top of my head. +

	It was just another way I was outsmarting these monsters. I was going to have my freedom soon. 16

 The idea came to me during the middle of the night. I was dreaming that Jimmy had pinned me to the bed and ripped off my clothes. He sneered and chuckled at me as I screamed for help. I was disgusted as his hands roamed all over me. 1

	When I finally woke up, I sat and was thankful that I was not screaming. I did not want to wake Jimmy and have him asking me what was wrong. I preferred him asleep anyway. +

	He was lying on his back, his lips slightly parted, and his hair tousled. He had deep rhythmic breaths. When he was like this he wasn't a threat to me. The moonlight pouring through the window made the key visible. It raised and lowered with every breath that he took. He had his hand just an inch under the key. +

	I reached out to touch the key, but he stirred in his sleep. He mumbled something that I could not understand and stretched out his shoulders. I gasped, and my hand shot up over my mouth. My heart pounded in my chest as I watched him settle himself back to sleep. +

	It was going to be impossible to get the key off of him while he was sleeping. It was too big of a risk to get caught. If he caught me trying to take the key, I would lose all the trust that I have built. 4

	I thought back to my nightmare. It would be the only reason for him to take off all of his clothes, including the key. If I told Jimmy I wanted to have sex, I could convince him to take off the key. If he argued, I could tell him it had to be that way. He would not know any different. If I got the key off of him and then told him I was not ready, he would surely want the key back. I wasn't going to risk that. I was going to have to go all the way. 12

	I looked over at the clock to see that it was 4:30 in the morning. The alarm was going to go off in thirty minutes. I rolled over onto my side and stared at the moon through the bars on the window.+

	When the alarm went off, Jimmy reached over me and shut it off. He kissed my cheek before rolling out of bed. +

	"Good morning," he said.1

"Morning," I said as I got out of bed. +

Jimmy was going through the dresser and handed me a pile of clothes. I ran into the bathroom and changed. I guessed the plaid shirt was Jimmy's because I had to roll up the sleeves. I brushed my hair up into a bun.  5

I came out of the bathroom to see that Jimmy was wearing his usual T-shirt and jeans. He did not say anything about me changing in the bathroom. I made the bed as Jimmy went into the bathroom. +

When Jimmy came out, he stared at me. He curled his fingers in and out, beckoning for me to come closer. I took slow and cautious steps toward him. He pulled me in and reached for my chest. I was about to push him away, but I saw his fingers buttoning up my shirt. He did up two buttons above what I had already done. +

"Some of you is only for me," he said before kissing me. 14

He laced his fingers through mine and we walked downstairs to the kitchen. We were the first ones in the kitchen. Jimmy grabbed the box of cereal off of the top of the fridge and I grabbed a stack of bowls and spoons. Charles came into the kitchen and flashed me a quick smile. Tommy was soon in the kitchen too with his usual smirk. 4

We ate breakfast mostly in silence. They were quickly out of the house. I cleaned the mess and cleaned the house as I had been for the past week. 2

All-day I thought about my plan. The bile was rising in the back of my throat every time that I thought about having sex with Jimmy. I would have to stomach it. If I waited here long enough, I would have to do it anyway so I might as well use it to my advantage. +

The hours of the day seemed to drag on as they would never end. I scrubbed and cleaned every surface of the house. I checked every lock in the house, but unfortunately, I had not earned enough of their trust yet. 2

I guessed when I should start cooking dinner again, and I timed it pretty well. A couple of minutes after I had finished, they came into the house. Jimmy and Tommy ran upstairs. Charles washed his hands with a bar of soap at the kitchen sink. +

"Hurry up boys before it gets cold," he shouted up the stairs after he was finished. +

They came back down the stairs and into the kitchen. I already had the food on the table before they came in, so I sat down in my spot. +

They gave me compliments on the smell of the food as they passed it around the table. I never figured out what the chunk of meat was in the freezer, but it was the only meat that I could find. Jimmy was strict on me asking questions, so I left it alone so that I would not be punished. 22

Dinner whizzed by me without any of them asking me any questions. I could not stop myself from staring at the silver chains around their necks. I imagined myself yanking one off of their necks and running out the door. +

I don't even know where I am or where I would go. All I can see out of the front window is the gravel driveway and then a blanket of trees. I was pretty much in the middle of nowhere. I don't even know if I am in New York anymore. 1

When they got up from the table, I cleaned until Jimmy wrapped his arms around me. He was kissing my shoulder and my neck as I dried off the last couple of dishes. I dried my hands on the towel, and he pulled it out of my grasp. +

"Let's go upstairs," he told me as he grabbed my wrist. +

He pulled me up the stairs and into his room. He wrapped his arms around me and started to press his lips hard against mine. I did not want to go through with my plan tonight. I needed one more night to prepare myself. I pushed him away with my hands, and he raised an eyebrow at me. 3

I sat down on the bed and smiled at him. I patted the piece of quilt beside me and Jimmy sat down. I was going to need him to trust me even more before I tried to take the key. I took his rough hand in mine.+

"So," I said, letting out a deep breath. It gave me a moment to think. "I want you to tell me a bit about yourself."+

"Like what?" Jimmy said with a chuckle. +

I shrugged. +

"Anything," I said. "You know a bit about me, but I know nothing about you. I just think that I should if we're spending the rest of our lives together."+

I had to struggle to not let my voice waver or crack. I was thankful for those years at the orphanage and lying to my foster families as a teenager. Jimmy's lips curled into a smile, so I knew he fell for it. 1

	"I don't know what to say," he said. 4

	"It can be anything," I said. "What did you used to do after dinner before I was here?"+

	"I played cards with Tommy or read."+

	"What's your favorite book?"+

	"Lord of the Flies."24

	I remembered I was supposed to read that book back in high school. I never read it and guessed every answer on the tests. From what I heard a few of my friends say, it was a violent and disturbing book. No wonder this murderer loves it. 1

	I had to admit that he was much nicer to me than the rest of his family. The only time he punished me was because Charles made him do it. He cleaned me and bandaged me after. Tommy had not hit me either, but his smirk and attitude scared me. Out of all of them, I felt the safest with Jimmy. 8

	"I haven't read it," I said. +

	"It's really good," he said. "I have a copy if you want to read it. Like after you're done your chores. I've read it a lot, so it is a little beat up, but it's still the same words."+

	"You really do like it then."+

	"Yeah. Every time we go into town I look for a new copy."+

	"Into town?"+

	"Yeah. We go to the closest town every couple of weeks to get supplies and food. Dad and Tommy are going to go in a couple of days, so we'll have the house to ourselves."+

	My stomach twisted at the thought. I don't know what Jimmy would do to me if we were in the house all alone. I had to go through with my plan before that happened. 5

	"That's nice," was all I managed to say. +

	My mind was made. I was going to go through with my plan tomorrow night. 9

Jimmy must really believe that I am settling in. He has stopped asking me if I want to be sedated at night. It made me happy because it would make my escape tonight easier. It was the thought of having sex with Jimmy that sickened me.4

	I was in and out of sleep all night. Jimmy had his arm around me. His grip was so tight that at one point I struggled to breathe. It was like he knew that I was planning on running away and was trying to stop me. +

	I continued to think of my plan and ways to improve it. It was going to be dark, and I did not want to wake Jimmy as I looked for the key on the floor. I would have to slip it under the pillow. +

	What if he noticed?1

	My mind thought of that silver dragon necklace I found when I was searching for the key. If I slid the key under the pillow and dropped the key on the floor, he would think I had dropped the key. I was just hoping that it would work. 3

	The day went on as normal, and I hated thinking that way. There wasn't anything normal about this house. This was not going to be my life. This was going to be my last night here. +

	While cleaning the house, I found the dragon necklace. I placed it behind the alarm clock in our bedroom. Afterward, I made dinner. We ate, and then Tommy and Charles went into the living room to read a book. Jimmy was sitting at the table shuffling the deck of cards. He was probably going to teach me to play that game he plays with Tommy, but I was not going to waste any time. +

	I could normally hear Tommy and Charles go up to their rooms an hour after Jimmy and I did. They must go to bed early because of how early they wake up in the morning. Plus a full day's work on a farm must be exhausting. They would all be asleep by the time Jimmy was asleep.1

	I closed my eyes and took in a deep breath before walking over to Jimmy. There was no turning back now. +

	I stood close behind Jimmy and slid my hands down his hard chest as I kissed his neck. His body froze at first. This was the first time that I was kissing him, and he was unsure of how to react. He soon relaxed and enjoyed what I was doing. I brought my lips up to his ear. +

	"Want to go upstairs?" I asked. I tried to use the seductive voice that Lina had taught me to use at the club. 2

	"Yeah, of course," he said. +

	He turned to face me, and I saw that he had a huge smile on his face. He leaned in to kiss me, but I pulled away. It was almost comical to watch him try to get out of the chair as fast as he could. 1

	We went up the stairs, hand-in-hand, but this time I was leading the way. When we got to the room, I pulled my hand out of his and jumped onto the bed. Jimmy's eyebrows were scrunched together. He was confused by what I was doing, but that did not stop him from coming closer to the bed. +

	My knees were folded underneath me. I arched my back, just like Lina had taught me how to do at the club. I put my hands on his chest and ran them up into his long hair. 11

	"Julie, what are you doing?" he asked me. +

	I brought my lips closer to his. He awkwardly put his hand on the small of my back. I pressed my body against his but left a faint space between our lips. +

	"What do you think I am doing?" I asked. +

	I pressed my lips against his. It caught him off guard at first, but then he soon started kissing me back. I could not believe that I was kissing a murderer. I could not believe that I was going to do what I was about to do. +

	Survival will make you do crazy things.5

	Jimmy pulled me closer to his body as he used his tongue to part my lips. I tugged on his hair as I pulled us down toward the bed. Soon, I felt the weight of him on top of me. He propped himself up on one elbow. His hand slid under my shirt and I pulled it over my head. His lips trailed down to my collarbone. I grabbed a fistful of his shirt and pulled it up. Jimmy sat up and pulled the shirt off.+

	The key was shining around his neck. My heart was beating fast. I was so close to my escape. My freedom was dangling in front of me. +

	I slid my hands up to his neck until the key was in my grasp. I pulled it over his head. The key dug into my palm as I rolled out from underneath Jimmy. I only let a couple of seconds pass before I was kissing Jimmy again. I crawled on top of him. +

	Without him seeing, I slid the key under the pillow. As fast as I could, I moved my hand over to the necklace on the nightstand and pushed it onto the floor. It made a loud noise as it hit the floor. The same noise the key would have made. +

	My hand went back up to Jimmy's neck. Part of me was screaming to stop, but I knew that if I did Jimmy would ask for his key back. +

	Jimmy's hands roamed all over my body. I tried my best not to cringe. His fingers fumbled with the back of my bra, and I struggled not to cover myself with my hands. His rough hands grabbed my breasts. Back at the club, I would have ripped his hands off of me, but now I have to let him assault my chest. He let go with one hand to reach for his belt. I closed my eyes as I listened to him undo the belt. 1

	He grabbed onto my waist, and he rolled us over so that he was on top of me. I could feel him harden against my thigh. 13

	I closed my eyes as I forced myself to go through with the rest of my plan. +

--1

	Jimmy's breath was ragged as he rolled off of me. I propped myself on my elbow and clutched the blankets to my chest. Jimmy was lying on his back trying to catch his breath. He looked over at me and smiled. 7

	"That was amazing," he said. 21

	"Yeah." I forced a fake smile on my lips. "I had fun."+

	He put his hand on his chest. He furrowed his eyebrows as he moved his hand across his chest. He lifted the blankets and started to sit. I grabbed his arm, and he looked over at me. +

	"Where are you going?" I asked. +

	"I have to go find my key," he said. +

	"You'll find it in the morning," I said. +

	"Julie-"+

	"Come cuddle," I whined. +

	I flopped on the bed and held out my arms. Jimmy bit his lip. I pouted until he rolled onto his side and pulled me in. He ran his fingers through my hair and I buried my face in his chest. +

	Now, I just had to wait until he fell asleep.16

 It was like I was waiting forever before Jimmy's breaths became rhythmic. I looked at him to see that his eyes were closed. I turned in his hold so that I was laying on my other side. My fingers curled around the key under the pillow. I could not believe that I was about to get out of here. 6

	I waited five minutes before I attempted to get out of bed. I was watching the clock. The bright red numbers slowly counted down. 1

	I was going to have to get up in a way that was not going to wake Jimmy. I could not go too slow or too fast. The bed would creak and that would wake him. +

	I went to get up, but there was weight holding me down. Jimmy's arm was across my stomach, and like usual he was curling me in toward him. 1

	Fuck. +

	I bit down on my lip. Did I say that out loud? Jimmy's breaths were still at a calm even pace. Either I did not say it or he did not hear me. +

	One by one, I wrapped my fingers around his arm. I lifted it off of me and slid forward. I set his arm down on the piece of the bed between us. I lifted the covers enough for me to slip out. The key was in my tight grip. 3

	When my feet were planted on the floor, I turned to look at Jimmy. He was fast asleep and my body tensed. If he woke up, I would lie and say that I was going to the bathroom. +

	I scanned the floor for clothes. All that I could find was Jimmy's T-shirt and my underwear. I did not have shoes nor pants, but I did not care. I would run away barefoot. +

	I tiptoed toward the door. The floor was squeaking under my feet. 1

	What if Jimmy woke up?+

	My fingers tightened around the doorknob, and the door creaked open. My teeth were biting on my lip so hard that I could taste blood. I crept through the doorway and closed it behind me. +

	I let out a deep breath and continued down the hall. My feet wanted to take off running, but I stopped myself. I tried to keep myself calm and quiet. The stairs came into view and I smiled. I was almost out of here. +

	A door clicked behind me. My heart jumped in my chest. It had to be my imagination. I could not be caught already. I had barely left the room. I could not turn around to check. My body was frozen. +

	Footsteps came closer to me, and it was not my imagination. +

	I turned on my heels to see that it was Tommy. He walked closer to me and I stepped back closer to the steps. +

	"What do you think you are doing?" Tommy asked. 8

	It was dark in the hallway and shadows were cast across his face. He raised an eyebrow at me. I looked down at my feet. I put my hands behind my back. +

	"I was just going to get a drink of water," I said. +

	"Me too," he said. "Come to the kitchen with me."6

	I nodded and Tommy stepped past me. I followed him down the stairs. I was holding onto the key so tight that it was tearing into my skin. I would have headed straight for the door if Tommy did not keep looking over his shoulder at me. I kept my gaze on the floor. 1

	In the kitchen, he grabbed two glasses and filled them full of water. I grabbed the glass with my free hand and took a sip. Tommy chugged his glass before setting it down on the counter. He smirked at me. +

	"What's in your hand?" he asked. 13

	I struggled not to choke on the drink of water I was taking. +

	"It's water," I said. "You gave it to me."2

	"Don't be smart," he said. "I meant what is in your other hand."1

	"I don't have anything."+

	"You wouldn't be lying to me, would you?"2

	Tommy can't know I have the key. He would tell Jimmy, and then Jimmy would never be so careless again. +

	"Pass it over," Tommy said. 4

He extended his hand out toward me. +

	"No," I said. 1

	My eyes grew wide. I had given myself away. Tommy bit down on his lip to stop himself from chuckling. +

	This was my last chance to get out of here. +

	I dropped the glass of water, causing it to shatter on the floor, and ran. I raced out of the kitchen and down the narrow hallway to the front door. The door was in sight, and my heart pounded in my chest. Tommy's arms wrapped around my waist and threw me onto the floor. By instinct, I stuck my hand out to break my fall. I screamed as the pain shot from my wrist up my arm. Tommy climbed on top of me and pinned me to the floor. 5

	My wrist was aching, so I could only punch him in the chest with my one hand. He reached down and wrapped his hand around my throat. He squeezed and I gasped for breath. He used his other hand to grab the key that had fallen out of my grasp. I kicked out my legs as I tried to push Tommy off of me. 3

	The stairs creaked, and Tommy looked over his shoulder. Jimmy was coming down the stairs. His hair was a mess and he was wearing a pair of pajama bottoms. He was rubbing his eyes with the heel of his hand. 1

	"What's going on here?" he asked. 3

	Tommy let the key dangle on the chain between his fingers. Jimmy's eyes grew big and he snatched it out of Tommy's hand. +

	"Your girl was planning on leaving," Tommy told him. 12

	Jimmy put his hand on Tommy's shoulder and ripped him off of me. I cradled my throbbing wrist as Jimmy pulled me onto my feet. He weaved his fingers into my hair. I gritted my teeth as he yanked me up the stairs by my hair. +

	Jimmy had never been this rough with me before without Charles' orders. My heart pounded when I thought about what punishment was awaiting me. I had to get on his good side, and I had to get there fast. +

	He let go of me after he slammed the door shut. He pushed me onto the bed. +

"I'm so sorry," I said. 2

"What were you planning on doing, Juliet?" he asked me with a voice that was drenched in anger. 4

I cowered on the bed as Jimmy's body towered over me. +

"I wasn't planning on doing anything," I said. +

I let my voice grow shaky and sound like I was on the verge of tears. I had to get Jimmy to feel sorry for me. +

"Then why did you have my key?" he asked. +

"I just wanted some fresh air," I said. +

"You know going outside is dangerous," he said. "You're in this house so that we can keep you safe."1

"Nothing out there is going to hurt me."+

"You were trying to escape, weren't you?" Jimmy's eyes grew large as the realization hit him. "That's why you slept with me, wasn't it?"21

"No!"+

Tears started to roll down my cheeks. I didn't have to fake these tears. He was going to kill me. +

"This is where you belong," he said. "Why would you try to leave? I'm the only one who is ever going to love you."3

"Jimmy-"+

"No." He balled his hands into a fist. "Julie, I love you. I have been nice to you. Obviously, that is not working. I'm going to have to do what Dad told me to do in the beginning. You don't respect us. Even, after all, we have done for you."3

"Jimmy," I sobbed. "I'm sorry."+

"Juliet, stop crying," he said. +

"I just want my old life back," I said. +

"We are your life. I'm the only one who loves you."4

The bed dipped as Jimmy kneeled onto the mattress. He pushed me back so that I was lying. He kept his hand on my chest to prevent me from getting up. +

"Stop crying," Jimmy said. +

I shook my head as I cried. Jimmy let out a huff of breath and ran his hand through his hair. +

"I'm sorry," he muttered. 1

Pain exploded across my cheek. It took me a second to realize that he punched me. He raised his fist and brought it down on my face again. I let out a scream, and Jimmy wrapped his hands around my neck. My chest burned as I struggled to breathe. I pushed against his chest with my good hand. 4

Jimmy let go of my neck and grabbed my injured wrist. I screamed in agony as he twisted my wrist to a painful angle. Pain shot up my arm and brought a new set of tears to my eyes. +

"Please, don't kill me," I said. 6

"I'd never kill you," Jimmy said. "I just need to teach you a lesson."14

He pressed his lips against my neck. He trailed his kisses down to my collar bone. His hand slid under my shirt and up to my chest. My eyes flew open and I thrashed my body around to get him off of me. I started screaming when he struggled to pull my shirt off. +

"Shhh," he whispered into my ear. "This is for your own good."12

--+

When Jimmy was done with his brutal assault, I rolled onto my side. My body was in so much pain. Every time I screamed, Jimmy would hurt me more. Jimmy's breathing was ragged. I slid out of the bed and ran to the bathroom. I locked the door and crumpled on the floor as I cried.  23

I could not stand to look at my reflection in the mirror. It was like witnessing a car crash, and I could not look away. 2

	My neck had deep purple bruises from Jimmy's fingers, and another bruise guided itself along my jaw. There were more bruises scattered all over my body. Blood was dried up on the inside of my thighs. My wrist screamed in agony every time I tried to move it. My hand was cut open from the key and the corner of my lip was swollen. 2

	From the bathroom, I could hear the blaring alarm coming from Jimmy's clock. I stayed locked in the bathroom all night and did not sleep. +

	I wanted to take a shower, but I was afraid of being punished for not asking. I was also afraid of being punished for running the water and waking somebody. I don't think my body could handle another assault. 2

	I wrapped a towel around my body. I let out a shaky breath before I unlocked the door and stepped out into the room. +

	Jimmy was pulling a T-shirt over his head when I entered. My good hand kept a tight grip on the towel to ensure that it wouldn't fall down. A smile appeared across his lips, and it was sickening. This is the first time he saw the damage he had done to me. 1

	"I want to take a shower," I said. +

	"Just be quick," he said.2

	I nodded and hurried into the bathroom. Some of the tension left my body when I locked the door again. I dropped the towel and stepped into the shower. Washing off all of the blood was the first thing I did. I struggled to wash my hair with one hand. +

	After leaving the shower, I tied up my hair and wrapped myself in the towel again. Jimmy was no longer in the bedroom, but a pile of clothes sat on my pillow. I put on the jeans and what must have been one of Jimmy's hoodies. It was much too big for me. +

	With every painful step, I made my way down to the kitchen. Charles and Jimmy were standing at the counter talking to each other. They stopped talking when they heard me walk into the kitchen. Charles smirked. He must be proud of his son for doing this to me. 1

	Charles extended his hand and curled two fingers in toward him. It was a motion for me to come forward. I hesitated before I stepped toward them. When I came into Charles' reach, he grabbed my arm and pulled me toward him. I winced as pain spread across my body. +

	His eyes examined my body. He brought his hand up to my face, and his fingers grazed along the bruise on my jaw. My bottom lip trembled as I was afraid that he would push harder into it to make me feel more pain. He slid his fingers down onto my neck. I wanted to pull away as he pulled down my sweater to look at the bruises on my chest, but I stayed still. 3

	When he let go of me, Jimmy pulled me back toward him. He wrapped his arms loosely around me. He was being careful not to hurt me. 4

	"Tell your brother to hurry up and meet me outside," Charles told Jimmy. +

	"Will do," he said. +

	"Good."+

	We watched as Charles put on his jacket and he went out the back door. There was a loud creaking noise as Tommy came down the stairs. Jimmy took his arms off of me and went over to the cupboard. Tommy's jaw dropped when he saw me. I avoided his gaze and looked down at the floor. He looked me up and down, and then crossed his arms over his chest. 4

	"Dad says hurry up and get outside," Jimmy said. +

	"Yeah," Tommy said. "First, I want to know what happened here."6

	I scowled at Tommy for a second before the pain in my lip was too much to handle. He was the one that ruined my chance of escaping. Last night was all his fault. +

	"It's none of your business," Jimmy said. "Now, get outside."+

	Jimmy put a bowl in my hands. I gasped as a burning sensation shot through my wrist. I struggled not to drop the bowl, but Jimmy ripped it out of my hands. He lifted up my wrist +

	I had not really looked at it since last night. I was too busy looking at my face and chest. It was swollen and bruised. It was unsure if it was broken or sprained. +

	"When did this happen?" Jimmy asked. +

	"When Tommy threw me on the floor last night," I said. "I used my hand to break my fall."1

	"You did this to her?" Jimmy asked Tommy. 5

	I looked over my shoulder to see Tommy rolling his eyes. He uncrossed his arms. +

	"I think you're forgetting the part where I stopped her from escaping," Tommy said. +

	Jimmy let out a huff of breath. +

	"Are you able to move it?" he asked me. I gritted my teeth as I slowly moved my wrist. "Okay, good. It's not broken."+

He grabbed my good hand and pulled me out of the kitchen. He guided me to our room and pulled me into the bathroom. He let go of my hand. +

"Sit down," he said, pointing to the bathtub. +

I sat down on the edge and pain shot up between my legs. Jimmy opened the cupboard under the sink and bent to look through it. I waited until he pulled out a bandage. +

He sat down on the tub next to me. He carefully lifted my wrist and brought it over to him. It confused me that Jimmy would do all this damage to me and then be so careful. 2

"It'll need ice," I heard him mumble. +

I bit my lip as he began to wrap the bandage around my wrist. I did not want any sounds of pain to escape. +

"You know I don't want to hurt you, right?" he asked. 34

I stayed sitting and watched Jimmy wrap my wrist. He stopped and looked up at me. +

"Right?" he asked, raising an eyebrow. +

I nodded. My throat was fighting back a sob that wanted to be set free. My nose and eyes were burning. +

"Julie, I need you to tell me that you know that I would never want to hurt you," he said. His voice was much harsher.12

"I know," I choked out. A couple of tears ran down my cheeks.+

He wrapped his arm around me and kissed my forehead. He wiped the tears off of my cheeks with his fingers. +

"You're safe here," he whispered to me. 14

I knew what he was telling me was lies, but I wanted to believe it so badly. If I could for just one minute believe that I was safe here I could gain some of my sanity back. I was going insane and Jimmy could help me. 5

I was careful with my wrist as I wrapped my arms around Jimmy. I let go of all of the tears as I cried into the crook of his neck. I did not care that I was getting his shirt wet. He pulled me in tighter with his arm and put his other hand on my thigh. He pulled me onto his lap, and I ignored the way that my body hurt. 1

"You're safe here," he said to me again. +

Ugly sounding sobs were coming from my mouth. Jimmy rocked me. +

"We're all that matters to you," he said. "I'm all that matters to you."+

I had to forget about Lina, Donavan, and my family. They could not help me like Jimmy can. 55

"I'm always going to protect you," he said. +

He's a killer. He's killed so many people. It's like second nature to him. He does not even want to hurt me. All he wants to do is protect me. 15

A loud noise came from downstairs. Tommy must have gone outside. He would have definitely heard me crying. +

Ignoring the pain in my jaw, I nuzzled my face deeper into his neck. I took in a deep breath of his scent. He moved one of his hands so that it was on the back of my head. 6

"I'll protect you from the outside world," he said. 1

I never needed to see the inside of that club again. I didn't have to dance and strip in front of perverted men. I wouldn't have to ever have their wandering eyes on me again. 3

"We're your family," he said. +

My family. A family that wants me. All of those foster homes could not wait to get rid of me, but this was a family that actually wanted me. They tried their best to make sure that I was comfortable here. 35

I pulled away from Jimmy and wiped my eyes with the back of my hand. I sniffled. Jimmy's lips softened into a smile and mine did the same. My face was pale, bruised, and my eyes were red and puffy from crying, but Jimmy did not care. Unlike all those men at the club, he did not want me for my body. I wiped my eyes again with my fingers. 5

"I love you," he said. +

A rational person would have said that I lost my mind. I would have said they were wrong until the next four words slipped off my tongue. +

"I love you too."   97

 It seemed like I stayed forever on Jimmy's lap. My face was nuzzled in his neck while he ran his fingers through my hair. He had taken the elastic out and played with the wet strands. It ended when he patted my back before he took my arms off from around his neck. He was careful with my wrist. 3

	"I have to go outside and talk to Dad," he said. +

	I nodded. I bit down on my lip to stop myself from frowning. I didn't want him to leave me yet. I did not want to be left alone. 1

	"Do you want to wait here or in the living room?" he asked. +

	"The living room," I said. +

	I didn't want to know what the sheets on the bed looked like from last night. They were most likely covered in my blood. I had to make sure that I was good so that it never happens again. Jimmy does not want to do it, so I should not give him a reason to. 8

	"Let's go," he said. +

	I got off of his lap. He laced his fingers through mine on my good hand. We walked down the stairs together. We went straight into the living room. I sat down on the couch and Jimmy crouched in front of me. +

	"Wait here until I come back, okay?" he said. +

	"Okay." I nodded my head. +

	"Good girl."6

	He kissed my cheek before standing. I watched him as he walked out of the house. I sat in silence and picked at the hem of my sweater as I waited for Jimmy to come back inside. It felt like a long time before he finally came back inside. +

	When I heard the kitchen door open, my lips lifted into a faint smile. He smiled when he saw me and tucked his long hair behind his ears. He sat down beside me and kissed my cheek again. His lips were dangerously close to the large bruise on my jaw. 1

	"Dad and Tommy left to go into town," Jimmy said. I forgot about our conversation the other night about them going into town every once in a while. "We got everything done that needs to be done, so we pretty much have the day off." 3

	I smiled bigger. I did not need to spend the day alone. I got to spend the day at Jimmy's side. 34

	"I want to reward you," Jimmy said. 1

	I knit my brows. He just punished me last night for doing something stupid, so why would I get a reward? I was expecting him to continue to punish me. It showed me that he did not want to hurt me. It showed me how much he cares about me. 15

	"Just wait a couple of minutes," he said. "I want to make sure they're gone first."+

	He got up off the couch and walked over to the window. The rusted blue pickup truck was pulling out of the driveway. The stones of the gravel driveway crunched under the tires. Jimmy let out a deep breath and the tension left his shoulders. +

	I went to get off of the couch, and Jimmy held out his hand to stop me. +

	"Wait for a minute," he said. +

	I sat back down, and Jimmy walked out of the room. I could not see what he was doing, but I could hear him moving around in the kitchen. He came back into the living room with a bag of frozen peas. He placed it on top of my bad wrist. +

	"That should help keep the swelling down," he said. +

	He kept my wrist in my hand as I stood. Jimmy looked over his shoulder at the window. He must be making sure that Charles and Tommy were really gone and had not come back. Whatever he is going to reward me with must make his father angry. I could not believe that Jimmy would do something so special for me. 4

	A couple of minutes passed of us standing still in silence. +

	"Come on," he said, breaking the silence. +

	Jimmy pulled me out of the living room. I tried my best to keep up with his pace so that it did not strain my wrist. We walked into the kitchen and went to the back door. He hooked his fingers around the chain and pulled the key off from around his neck. +

	I could barely believe what I was seeing when I watched Jimmy unlock the back door. He opened the door, and the sun poured into the house. It burned my eyes. I have only seen the sun through the bars for the past few weeks. We walked out onto the wooden porch. 1

	The autumn breeze was like heaven against my skin. I took in a deep breath of air. I ignored the pain in my swollen lip as I smiled. I looked over at Jimmy to see that his face was beaming. +

	"I thought you would like it," he said. "I couldn't imagine being cooped up in the house all day. We can come out here when it is just the two of us. You just can't tell Tommy or Dad that I let you out here."1

	I nodded and looked out to the barn. It was the last thing you could see before a thick array of trees. I noticed a line of chicken coops along the side of the barn. I wondered what they grew, but I did not bother to ask. +

	"Thank you," I said. +

	Jimmy wrapped his arm around me and pulled me towards him. He pressed his lips against mine. I gasped when he hit the swollen bit. He pulled away and then kissed my forehead. +

	He sat down on one of the plastic chairs that were by the door. He pulled me down onto his lap. I wiggled around until I could find a spot to settle into that did not hurt. +

	I was finally outside. This was the thing that I wanted more than anything a couple of days ago but now it is different. If I tried to run away, Jimmy would catch me especially after being injured. Where would I even run to? It was not like I wanted to get back to those perverts at the club. 8

	Jimmy was right. They were the only ones who cared for me. 42

--1

	Jimmy and I spent most of the day outside on that chair. My body was exhausted from last night, and I found myself drifting off to sleep in his arms. Jimmy did not say anything about it, and when I would wake up he would be running his fingers through my hair. 2

	When we went inside, we both pulled leftover food out of the fridge and heated it in the oven. Once we were finished eating, Jimmy guided me upstairs like he normally does. 1

	Jimmy assisted me with putting on another T-shirt. My muscles were sore as I stretched my arms up over my head. Jimmy moved the covers to the side, and I crawled into bed. He tucked the blankets around me and sat on the edge of the bed.+

He reached for the nightstand on his side of the bed. He opened the drawer and pulled something out. I could see that it was a novel. The cover of the book was faded and torn, and it looked like pages were falling out. He tucked a piece of hair behind his ear, and I could see the title. +

Lord of the Flies. 7

	He was going to share something with me that he loved so much. I reached out my good hand and wrapped my fingers around his wrist. He flashed me a smile before he began to read.5

The next few days seemed to melt together. I was in a happy routine. I would wake up when Jimmy's alarm went off, cook breakfast, clean, and then I would have dinner ready for them when they came inside. Jimmy and I stopped going to our room right after dinner. He would play cards with Tommy and I would watch. They tried to teach me once, but I was slow to pick it up and Tommy was getting frustrated. I told them to play without me and Jimmy promised to teach me later.+

	Every night before we would go to sleep, Jimmy would read to me. I had always struggled reading in school because I could not focus, but I enjoyed listening to Jimmy read. 22

	Once Jimmy had finished, he put the book down on the nightstand, turned off the lamp, and laid down on the bed. We were facing each other and only the scarred side of his face was showing. I reached out and put my hand on his cheek. I traced my thumb along the deep indentation of his scarred flesh. +

	He leaned forward and kissed me. My body had been slowly healing itself. The swelling had gone down in my lip, and kissing Jimmy was no longer painful. My bruises were fading. I was able to move my wrist more, but I kept the bandage on. 2

	He slid his hand across my ribs and pulled me in closer. The kiss deepened and my heart was pounding in my chest. We had not had sex since that stupid night where I tried to run away. My body may be healing, but I was not ready for that. I slid my hand down from his cheek and to his chest to try and push him away. 8

	"No," I mumbled and he pulled away. +

	I bit down on my lip in fear. Jimmy did not like it when I said no to him. This would get a punishment for sure. +

	Jimmy rolled onto his back and pulled me with him. I yelped in pain as I did not expect my sore body to move. He put my head on his chest and wrapped his arms around me. +

	"There's something I need to talk to you about," he told me. "I know that you have not been here that long, and I am so proud of how you're settling in here."1

	"Thank you," I said. +

	"There's something we really haven't discussed before," he said. "You're my wife and you are supposed to provide me with a family."12

	"We are a family."+

	They had been kind enough to accept me into their family. 24

	"Yeah," he said. "Dad, Tommy, you and I are a family. I was talking about our own family, like when we have children."+

	A lump was forming in my throat. I never planned on having kids before. I never wanted to have children that would live a life like mine, but I am happier now. Still, the thought of children scared me. I could not imagine being pregnant and giving birth. 10

	"Don't worry," Jimmy said. "We don't have to try right away. We can still wait a couple of weeks. I just want you to be prepared. You're supposed to be providing this family with boys, and if you don't it looks bad on both of us."34

	"Okay," was all I managed to say. 1

	"It's going to be so nice," he said. By the way he was speaking, I could tell that he had been thinking about this for a while. "The Fergusons down the street are getting older, and soon their house will be up for sale. We can move into there and I would still be able to help Dad out with the farm, and you could come over and help with the house. We'll have a bunch of boys who will always be running around and wanting to play. You will be a great mother."11

	I curled my fingers into Jimmy's chest and buried my face in him. I didn't want to think about the future right now. I wanted things to stay like this for a while; I was enjoying this. Jimmy's hand moved up and down to comfort me. He brought his lips down to kiss my forehead. 2

	"Julie," he said. I nuzzled myself into his chest. "Julie, look at me."+

	His voice was a bit harsh so I looked up at him. He ran his fingers along my jaw. +

	"I'm always going to protect you," he told me. "You know that, right?"5

	"Yes," I said. +

	"Say it."+

	"You'll always protect me."6

	"Good girl." He kissed me. "I'll always protect you and our family."2

	"Thank you."1

	We stayed in each other's arms for a few minutes. I was replaying the future Jimmy told me about over and over in my head. I knew that I was not supposed to ask questions, but there was one that was burning my tongue.+

	"Jimmy?" I tested to see if he was still awake. +

	"Yeah?" he asked. +

	"How come when you talk about children, you only talk about boys?" +

	"Because I only want sons."+

	"Why? What if we had a daughter?"2

	"Julie," he snapped. He rolled over so that he was on top of me. "You know that you are not supposed to be asking questions."5

	"Why? I was just curious."+

	"I can't believe that I am going to have to do this."1

	Jimmy reached into his pocket. I craned my neck to see what he was doing. He pulled out his pocket knife. I sat up and pushed myself to the edge of the bed. Jimmy flicked the blade out. 2

	"I have to punish you," he said. 35

	"No," I said. "Please, don't. I promise I'll stop with the questions."+

	"This is the only way you'll remember your lesson."+

	"Please, Jimmy."+

	"I'll only cut you once. If you keep whining then I'll have to do more."+

	I held my arm against my chest. My heart was pounding and nausea crept into my bones. He has not cut me since the night I broke a dish. 6

	"You need to trust me," he said. "Now, give me your arm."6

	I let out a shaky breath as I handed over my arm. Jimmy grabbed my wrist and pulled my arm out straight. I closed my eyes as he put the blade against my skin. I grit my teeth as he sliced the knife across my arm. I opened my eyes when the mattress moved as Jimmy got off of the bed. +

	He grabbed a towel from the bathroom. I put my hand under my arm to stop the blood from dripping onto the bed. He pressed the towel against my wound and that made it sting even more. 2

	"Hold pressure on that," he told me. +

	I held onto the towel and he went back into the bathroom. He came back with a roll of gauze. He took the towel out of my hand and wrapped the gauze around my arm. He kissed the top of my head before getting up off of the bed. 1

	"You need to have a better attitude in the morning," he said. 9

	"Okay," I said. +

	We got ready for bed. When Jimmy lied down, he was facing away from me. It was the first time he had not held me as we fell asleep. It seemed so cold, and I struggled to fall asleep. 4

When Jimmy reached over me to turn off the alarm, I rolled with him as he laid back down. I kissed Jimmy's neck and shoulder. The stinging of my arm kept me awake for most of the night. I knew I had to get on Jimmy's good side so that he would never do it again. 4

	"What are you doing?" he asked. +

	I took my lips off his neck and climbed on top of Jimmy. My hair draped down into his face, and he brushed it over my shoulder. +

	"I'm so sorry about last night," I said. +

	"Why's that?" he asked. From the tone of his voice, I could tell that he was quizzing me to make sure I knew what I did wrong. +

	"I shouldn't have been asking questions," I said. +

	Jimmy smiled and his hand ran up my back. I leaned down and gave him a quick kiss. +

	"Good girl," he said. "I hate to say it, but we have to get up now."5

	I gave him one more kiss before I rolled off him. I made the bed as Jimmy went through the dresser drawers to find us clothes. I was shocked when I saw what he gave me to change into. It was a yellow sundress that stopped just above the knees. It was out of season to wear and I shivered. Jimmy handed me a cardigan to put over it. Jimmy had a smile on his lips as his eyes trailed down my body. It made the heat rush up to my cheeks. I was covered in faded bruises, but he still found me beautiful. 11

	"You look so pretty," he said. +

	"Thank you." I got up on my toes to kiss him. 11

	When we got down to the kitchen, Charles and Tommy were already at the table. Jimmy and I sat down. Tommy kept staring at me, but I tried to avoid his gaze. 12

	Breakfast was soon over, and the boys were out the door. I cleaned all of the dishes and put them away. I took a look down at my dress. It was so nice, and one of the only things that fit me, and I did not want to get it ruined. I decided that I could skip cleaning the house for today. 12

	I looked through the cupboards, and I found a few baking ingredients. I did not have a recipe, but I remembered the steps Lina and I always took when baking. It was a simple cookie recipe that did not require a lot of ingredients. +

	I mixed all of the ingredients and then separated the dough onto the sheet. I sat in front of the oven and watched them rise. A delicious smell filled the house. I really hoped that they were going to like it. 7

--+

	The food was already on the table when they came in. They washed up before we ate. None of them noticed the cookies until we were finished eating. I was collecting the empty plates and putting them in the sink when Tommy walked up to the counter. 1

	"What are these?" Tommy asked, picking up a cookie. 1

	"I was baking today," I said. +

	He bit into one and his eyes grew big. It was the reaction that I was hoping for. +

	"God dammit, Jim," he said. Jimmy said there was no cursing in the house, but I did not know if that counted as swearing. "Your girl is perfect. These are even better than Jenny's."+

	Jimmy and Charles each took a cookie. I was filling the sink with water as they scarfed down a few more. 3

	"These are really good, Julie," Jimmy said. +

	"He's right," Charles said. "You did a good job."+

	I blushed as I dunked my hands into the warm soapy water. 7

	"Thank you," I told all of them.1

	Tommy ran upstairs. Charles muttered something to Jimmy, but I could not make out what it was. Jimmy walked up behind me and slid his hands around my waist. He kissed my neck and rested his chin on my shoulder as I washed the dishes. +

	There was no time in my life when I felt happier. I had a caring family who wanted to support and protect me. Out of all the foster homes I have been in, I have never felt like this. 46

	The stones of the driveway crunch, and Jimmy lifted his chin up off of my shoulder. I looked up at the window above the sink. Through the bars, there was a car pulling up the driveway. My heart jumped when I saw the words painted across the side of the vehicle. +

	Police.6

	"Dad!" Jimmy yelled after taking his arms off from around me. He ran towards the living room, but Charles was already walking into the kitchen. "There's a cop here."+

	"I saw," Charles said, walking over to the stairs. I wiped my hands on the dish towel. "Thomas! Come down here quick!"1

Jimmy ran over to me and cupped my face in his hands. There was panic on his face and it made me scared. I have never seen him afraid of anything before. 1

"Julie, I know you're a good girl, but you need to go with Tommy right now," he told me. "You two are going to wait in the basement for a bit. Do what he says and don't dare make a sound. I'll be here when it is over. Do you understand?"6

I nodded my head. Before I could speak, Jimmy smashed his lips against mine. I could see Charles giving orders to Tommy and Tommy was nodding his head. Jimmy ripped the towel out of my hands and spun me around so that I was not facing him. My vision went black as he wrapped something around my head; I quickly realized that it was the dish rag. 2

A hand grabbed my wrist and started running with me. It had to be Tommy because Jimmy was rarely ever this rough with me anymore. Every step I took was disorientating and I could not tell where I was going. +

We stopped and there was a pain in my stomach and my feet were no longer touching the ground. He was carrying me over his shoulder down the stairs. When he finally set me down on the ground, he pulled me across the floor toward him. My back was pressed up against his chest and I could feel his legs against mine. 12

He did not hold me the way that Jimmy does. His hands roamed all over my body and were soon up to my chest. He was grabbing and squeezing me and I yelped out in pain. 2

"Shhh," he whispered into my ear. "You're not supposed to be making any noise, Juliet. You don't want me to have to punish you. Do you?"+

I shook my head from side to side. The tears were burning my eyes and my bottom lip was trembling. Tommy kept his hands on my chest until he moved one to brush my hair off to one side. He started kissing my neck. 3

"God you're so hot," he said. "It's so nice to finally feel you."27

I couldn't stop myself from releasing a whimper as he moved his hands down to my legs. I wanted to scream. Jimmy told me I was not allowed to make any noise, and a scream coming from the basement would definitely get the officer's attention. I was forced to stay quiet as Tommy touched me. 1

"It's not fair that Jimmy gets you," he said, sliding his hands up further on my thigh. +

"Stop," I whispered. I had to say something. "Please."+

"Tsk, tsk, tsk." He clicked his tongue against the roof of his mouth. "You aren't allowed to talk."+

He moved my sweater to the side and kissed the top of my shoulder. A sharp pain exploded in the same spot. It wasn't until the pain dulled that I realized that Tommy bit me. He sunk his teeth as hard as he could into my shoulder. I shook even more as he brushed his lips up my neck to my ear. 8

"Tasty," he said. 38

That one word was enough to get me to start crying. The tears rolled down my cheeks and I could not stop myself from sobbing. Tommy's hand shot out over my mouth, and muffled my cries. +

It felt like we were in that basement for days.  +

Breathing became harder and harder as Tommy's hand slid higher up over my mouth. His hand was soon covering my nose too. My chest was burning as I tried to gasp for air. I grabbed Tommy's hand and tried to pull it down. Tommy was distracted as his hands continued to rub up and down my thighs. I curled my fingers around his and dug my nails as deep as I could into his skin. 1

	Tommy gasped in pain, and he slid his hand down to my chin. He grabbed my face and turned my head at a painful angle so that I was looking up at him. I had no idea why he would do that. I had the blindfold on and could not see. 2

	"What are you doing?" he asked. +

	"I couldn't breathe," I said. +

	Tommy grunted. He threw my head back so that I was looking straight ahead. He rested his chin on my shoulder and his hand went back to my thigh. He slid it up and until he was under the material of my dress. +

	"Jimmy would be so angry with me if I killed you," he said. 8

	He started to move his hand up higher. My lips trembled, and I prayed that the officer would leave soon. I didn't know how far Tommy would go and I was terrified to find out. 2

	"He would be angry if he knew what we were doing right now," Tommy whispered. He moved his hand up higher so that he was touching my hip. "So you're not going to tell him, are you? He'd be angry at me for touching you and he'd be angry at you for letting me touch you. You don't want him to be jealous, do you?"3

	My body was shaking as I shook my head from side to side. More tears were rolling down my cheeks. Jimmy would be furious if he knew this was happening. I did not want to be punished again. +

	"You better not," he said before planting a kiss on the side of my head. +

	The door opened and my heart pounded in my chest. Tommy quickly drew his hands out from under my dress and let me go. +

	"He's gone now," Charles yelled down the stairs. +

	Tommy grabbed my elbows and pulled me up onto my feet. My knees buckled. +

	"Remember what I said," Tommy warned me. +

	I nodded my head and that sharp pain returned to my stomach. He had thrown me over his shoulder again and carried me up the stairs. When my feet were back on the ground, I heard the basement door click shut. My blindfold was taken off and I blinked a few times to clear my blurry vision. 1

	Jimmy was standing in front of me. I threw my arms around his waist. I nuzzled my face in his chest and tried to forget about everything Tommy just did to me. Jimmy rubbed my back with one hand, and he put his other hand on the back of my head. I tried my hardest not to cry. Tommy wanted to see me completely lose it, and that was not going to happen. +

	"It's alright," Jimmy said. "It's all done now."+

	I shook my head. This wasn't over. I had to spend the rest of my life in this house with Tommy. I thought back to what Jimmy told me last night about our future. I wanted that house down the street, so that I would be away from Tommy/ I really did need Jimmy to protect me. 3

	"Let's go upstairs," Jimmy said. +

	His hands slid down my arms as he tried to push me away from him. He laced his fingers through mine and we went up to our room. As soon as he closed the door, I let go of all the tears I was holding back and sobbed. Jimmy snaked an arm around my waist and made me sit down on the bed next to him. +

	"It's alright, Julie," he said. "They weren't here for you. The corner store a couple of streets away was robbed, and they wanted to know if we saw anything."1

	I leaned forward and pressed my forehead against my knees. I took a deep breath to try and control my crying. Jimmy used his fingers to brush the hair off the one side of my neck. It was comforting until I remembered the now familiar pain in my shoulder. +

	My body shot up and I turned to face Jimmy. I had not checked my shoulder yet to see if Tommy had left behind a mark. +

	"Are you done crying now?" he asked. +

	"Yes," I said. +

	"Okay, good," he said. "I'm glad to know you're feeling better. Come here."+

	He cocked his head as he slid back on the bed and laid down. I crawled over to him and laid down so that my head was on his chest. He used one hand to comb his fingers through my hair and his other hand was on the back of my thigh. He did it in a much softer way than Tommy. +

	"You're such a good girl," he said. He took his hands out of my hair and brought his fingers down to stroke my cheek. "You're so beautiful. I love you so much."3

	"Thank you," I said. +

	Jimmy rolled us over so that he was lying on top of me. I ran my hands over his chest and into his hair. +

	"Tell me," he said. I swept a piece of hair behind his ear. "Tell me you love me."+

	"I love you, Jimmy."2

	He smiled before he leaned down to kiss me. I wrapped my arms around his neck to try and bring him closer. His hands slid up my sides as the kiss deepened. I grabbed fistfulls of his shirt and pulled it up over his head. He grabbed the hem of my sweater and pulled it off. +

	He trailed his kisses from my lips and down to my neck. My eyes widened when I remembered Tommy's bite. I prayed that it was not noticeable, but I felt Jimmy's body freeze. He grabbed my wrists and pinned me against the bed. +

	"Why were you so upset when you came out of the basement?" he asked. +

	"Because I thought they were going to take me away from you," I lied.+

	"Then what is that on your shoulder?"+

	"What?"+

	Jimmy got up off of the bed, and he yanked me with him. I stumbled as he pulled me into the bathroom. His grip was tight on my wrists. Jimmy's hair was ruffled and he looked disgusted. +

	Blood was drizzling down my shoulder. There were two crescent shaped wounds on my shoulder. The indentation of Tommy's teeth were visible. 2

	"What is that?" he asked. +

	"I....I don't know," I said. +

	"Julie!" +

	I sucked in a deep breath as the tears rolled down my cheeks. Tommy was right. Jimmy is furious with me. He's going to think that I am a whore for letting Tommy touch me. +

	"What else did he do?" he asked. +

	"He...he...he," I couldn't get the words off of my tongue. +

	"What did he do, Julie?!"+

	"He touched me."+

	Jimmy let go of my arms and I fell to the floor, I let out a cry and Jimmy stormed out of the bathroom. I reached out to grab his leg. I did not want to be alone right now. I did not care if he was mad at me. +

	"Let go of me," he said, shaking me off of his leg. "I'm going to kill Tommy."6

	I scrambled to get up off of the floor. I was no longer crying, but I was breathing heavily. +

 Breakfast was uncomfortable because of the tension between Jimmy and Tommy, so I did not mind being alone all day. I was dreading the moment that they would come back into the house. During dinner, Jimmy and Tommy glared at each other. We ate in silence as neither of them dared to say a word. Jimmy's jaw was clenched and his fingers were tight around the fork. Tommy's nose was swollen and covered in bruises. 2

	When dinner was done, Tommy stormed up the stairs to his room. The door slammed shut and Jimmy let out a deep breath. I washed the dishes as Jimmy leaned against the counter and watched me. Charles went into the living room to read his book. The house was quiet until Jimmy's voice broke the silence. +

	"Did you have a boyfriend?" he asked. 4

	My body froze and I stopped scrubbing the plate that was in my hand. Jimmy was furious last night because Tommy touched me. The thought of anyone else touching me may cause him to snap. I smiled and went back to scrubbing the plate. +

	"No," I said. +

	"Good," he said. "It doesn't matter if you did anyways. You are where you belong now, right?"2

	"Right," I said. 7

	I pulled the stopper out of the drain and wiped my hands on the dish towel. I dried the dishes and put them away. Once I was finished, Jimmy grabbed my waist and pulled me into his chest. +

	This morning he made me put on one of his sweaters in order to try and hide Tommy's bite mark. He avoided looking at it all night.1

"I have a new rule for you," he said. "I don't want you alone with Tommy. Understand?"+

Tension that I did not realize that I was holding onto left my body. I relaxed into Jimmy's arms and smiled. What happened in the basement would never happen again. +

"I understand," I said. +

"Good girl," he said. 2

I got up on my toes and kissed Jimmy. His arms tightened around my waist as the kiss deepened. I ran my fingers up into his hair and his hands ran down my back. +

We were so distracted by what we were doing that we did not hear the stones crunch as people walked up the driveway. The sound of the doorbell ringing made my heart jump in my chest. Jimmy broke our kiss and furrowed his brows. He let go of me and brushed his hair back with his fingers as he looked out the window. He went over to the door and I stayed close behind him. +

He opened the door, and there were three people standing on the porch. It was two girls and a man. They seemed to be around the same age as Jimmy and I. Jimmy's body was blocking me and I was peering around him. They looked shocked when Jimmy opened the door. He was pretty tall and the scar on his face could be intimidating. +

"How can I help you?" Jimmy asked. +

"Our car broke down a couple of miles away," the man told us. He had a mop of blond hair that he shook to keep out of his eyes. "There doesn't seem to be any cell service around here, so we were wondering if we could use your phone?"14

"That's a shame," Jimmy said. He had an awkward chuckle behind his voice, "I hate to say this, but we don't have a phone."1

"What?" the one girl asked. She had red curly hair that was tied back into a ponytail. Her face was plastered with freckles. Her teeth were chattering and she had her arms crossed over her chest. "You don't have a phone anywhere in your house?"+

"No," Jimmy said. "Times are tough and we had to cut back."+

"Come on," the redhead said. "Everyone has a phone in their house. We'll pay you if you want."+

"Brittany," the man nudged her with his elbow. "If they don't have a phone, they don't have a phone." +

"Scott," the other girl whined. She had her long blonde hair braided back and a pair of large black framed glasses on her face. She and Scott had the same pale eyes and button nose. I guessed that they were siblings. "There's not another house for miles. It's getting dark and cold out." 4

"We may get cell service somewhere," Scott said. +

"You won't," Jimmy said. "I don't know of anyone who gets service around here. If you haven't noticed we are kind of in the middle of nowhere." +

They all let out a deep breath, which was visible in the cold night air. The sun had gone down more than an hour ago. They all stood on the porch shivering. +

"Let's go back and sleep in the car," Scott told the girls. Brittany rolled her eyes and groaned. "We'll set out in the morning. It'll be warmer and we'll have daylight."+

"Do you want to come inside?" Jimmy asked. 12

My fingers curled tighter into Jimmy's arm. He was about to let three strangers into the house. He had told me that everyone outside is dangerous. 12

"We don't have a phone, but we have a spare room," he said. "It's warmer than your car and would be a lot more comfortable. We have food too. You can go into town in the morning."+

"You have cars." Brittany pointed to the truck. "Could you give us a ride into town?"+

"It would be pointless," Jimmy said. "It's Sunday night. All of the stores are closed."+

"The people that live there must have phones."1

"Listen," Jimmy said. Anger was creeping into his voice. "I'm being nice enough to let you stay in our house for the night. I'm not going to drive you into town this late so that you can go knocking on strangers' doors. You can take my offer or walk back to your car."+

They looked at each other and shrugged their shoulders. Jimmy took a couple of steps back so that he could open the door wider. I shuffled back with him. The blonde girl was the first to take a step into the house. +

"Wait, Erica," Brittany said. +

Erica stopped, but she already had one foot in the house. She looked over her shoulder at the others standing outside. 4

"What?" she asked. "I don't want to spend the night in the car. Anyways, isn't this what this trip is supposed to be about? A little bit of adventure? Stories to tell later? Come on, imagine the jokes you and Scott can make about this at your wedding."7

Erica stepped into the house and Scott followed her. Brittany stood on the porch as she shivered. +

"Come on, Brit," Scott said. "Are you seriously going to wait out in the cold?"+

She threw her arms up in the air and scowled as she marched into the house. Jimmy closed the door behind them. None of them noticed him locking it. Even in a house full of people, Jimmy did not trust me to not run away. 3

A wave of nausea hit me as Jimmy showed them into the kitchen. My mind raced back to my first night here. I thought back to that girl they dragged into the house screaming and the man with the slit throat. +

They were going to kill these people14

"Dad, we have guests," Jimmy called into the living room. 4

The girls and the man were standing in the kitchen. Their eyes were going over every detail of the old farmhouse. Jimmy extended his arm out toward the table. +

"Have a seat," he said. +

They each pulled out a chair and sat down. The floorboards creaked as Charles walked into the kitchen. I imagined that Tommy would come down any second. I could not see him missing this opportunity. I wished that Jimmy would tell me to go upstairs. I hated looking at their faces and knowing that they only had little time left to live. 1

"Who is it?" Charles asked. +

"Their car broke down a few miles away," Jimmy said. "They're going to spend the night here and then go into town in the morning."+

"Of course," Charles said. "No need for them to freeze in the cold." 5

His voice sounded a lot sweeter than I have ever heard. Even when he first talked to me at the club, he did not sound this nice. Scott reached across the table and shook Charles' hand. +

"I'm Scott," he said. "This is Brittany and Erica."+

"My name is Charles," he said. "This is my son Jimmy and his wife Juliet."+

Charles pulled out a chair and sat down. +

"Where are you all from?" he asked. Jimmy pulled out a chair. I did the same, but Charles' hand shot out and stopped me. "Juliet, get our guests a glass of water."5

I nodded and went over to the counter. I filled three glasses with water and brought them over to the table. I sat down next to Jimmy. The stairs thudded as Tommy came downstairs. Everyone turned to look at him. He walked in and raised an eyebrow. +

"Their car broke down," Charles told Tommy. "This is Scott, Erica, and Brittany. This is my youngest son Tommy." +

Tommy leaned against the counter. He crossed his arms over his chest and looked like he was observing us. +

Erica's mouth was slightly ajar as she looked around the kitchen. Brittany took a sip of her water. I wished she was able to persuade the others to sleep in the car. It would have stopped them from having this terrible fate. +

"Where are you from?" Charles asked them. +

"Vancouver," Erica said. 1

"Canadians," Jimmy said. "What are you doing all the way down here?"12

"We're on vacation," Scott said. "We left this summer and took the first semester off so that we could travel around North America."+

"Sounds like fun," Charles said. "But you must miss your family."+

"We're university students," Brittany said. "They aren't calling us every hour to see how we are. They're used to having us out of the house."17

"When's the last time you talked to them?"+

"Yesterday."+

"How long have you been gone?" Jimmy asked. +

"This is our fourth month on the road," Scott said. "We should be back home in a couple of months. Brit and I are getting married in February."+

Erica's hands shook as she brought the glass of water up to her mouth. She was nervous, despite the fact that she is the one who convinced them to come into the house. I prayed she would change her mind and beg to leave. The doors were locked. Even if they wanted to leave they would not be able to. +

"Jimmy, Tommy," Charles said. "Come upstairs with me. We need to make sure that the spare room is in shape for our guests. I'm sorry, but there is only room on the bed for two people. One of you will have to camp out on the couch."1

"I'll do it," Scott said. +

"Good, that's settled," Charles said before he lifted his lips into a smile. "Juliet, be a good girl and stay down here to keep our guests company." +

"Yes," I said. 3

They headed up the stairs and left me alone. Scott and Erica were across from me and Brittany was sitting at the head of the table. +

"Are you two brother and sister?" I asked Scott and Erica. I could not think of any conversation topics, and I wanted to confirm my suspicion while I still could. +

"Yeah," Erica said. "He's my older brother by three minutes."+

"Oh, twins," I said, pointing out the obvious. +

Erica reached out and ruffled Scott's mop of blond hair. Their parents are going to be heartbroken when they realize they have lost two babies. 2

"You're really young," Brittany said. "It's nice to see other people our age that are married. Everyone tells Scott and I that we're too young."+

"Yeah, we've been married for a few months."+

"Why don't you have a ring?"+

"We can't afford one right now. Can I see yours?"+

Brittany held out her hand. On her finger was a gold band with a diamond. I held her hand and leaned in closer to look at it. 3

The boys came back down the stairs. Jimmy put his hand on my shoulder, and I let go of Brittany's hand. He leaned down so that he was close to my ear. +

"I need to talk to you," he whispered. +

I nodded and stood. Jimmy laced his fingers through mine and led me into the living room. He put his hands on my hips. +

"I need you to be good," he said in a hushed tone. "You need to go up to our room and close the door. I don't want you to leave no matter what you hear. Can you do that? I'll come up as soon as I can. I promise."7

"I will," I told him. +

The tension left my muscles. I did not have to watch what was about to happen. +

"I love you," he said before he gave me a quick kiss. +

"I love you too."+

I hurried out of the living room and up the stairs. I went to our bedroom and closed the door. I pressed my ear against the door. +

"Can you come down to the basement with me, Scott?" I could hear Charles ask. +

The basement?1

Oh God. +

I held onto my stomach as it felt like it was twisting itself into a knot. I could not stand to hear what was about to happen. I crawled onto the bed and wrapped my arms around myself. I was expecting to hear a scream, but it was quiet. They are probably going to kill Scott first because he is the strongest and would pose more of a threat than the girls. +

I wished Jimmy was here with me. I would love to hear him reading to distract me. I wanted to be in his arms and for him to tell me that everything is going to be okay. 21

Minutes passed before I heard the first scream. It was loud and high-pitched, so it must have been one of the girls'. Scott must already be dead. Another scream joined and I covered my ears with my hands. It did no good as the screams rang in my head. +

I had to stop listening to this, but I did not know how. I ran into the bathroom and locked the door. The screaming continued. I turned on the shower and the water flowing was masking some of the sound. I slipped out of my clothes and got into the shower. +

I kept my hands over my ears, and the screaming was barely audible. I washed my hair, so that I did not get in trouble for wasting water, and got out when the screaming stopped. +

My clothes lay crumpled on the floor, but I did not want to put them on. I needed to put on something new. I needed something that had not seen those three people. 1

I wrapped myself up in a towel and looked in the mirror. My bruises were almost faded, but Tommy's bite mark was visible. I had to put something on before Jimmy saw it. +

I dug through the drawers in the dresser. Jimmy always hands me my clothes, so I did not know where things were. I found one of his T-shirts and a pair of underwear. I sat on the foot of the bed. My wet hair was tangled and soaking the back of my shirt. +

My knee bounced as I waited for Jimmy to come into the room. +

When he finally came into the room, my eyes went straight to his shirt. He was wearing a white T-shirt, but now it was covered in a wet sticky crimson. My jaw hung open and I could not look away from it. Jimmy saw my shocked reaction and pulled the shirt over his head. The keys dangled against his bare chest. His jeans were splattered with blood. 2

Jimmy ran and kneeled down in front of me. He ran his fingers through my wet hair. I couldn't help but stare at him in shock. 4

"Julie, it's alright," he said. "You're okay. I'm not going to let anyone hurt you."+

"The blood," was all I managed to say. +

"I know, it's a lot," he said. "But none of it is mine. None of it is Dad's or Tommy's. Most importantly, none of it is yours. Your family is safe, Julie. I am keeping you safe." 4

My body was frozen in shock, so all I could do was nod my head. +

"I'm going to take a shower," he said. "I'll be back soon."+

He kissed my temple before getting up off of his knees. I listened as he took a shower. I had to keep reminding myself that I was okay. Jimmy killed those people to keep us safe. I squeezed my eyes shut. 1

When Jimmy got out of the shower, he was in clean clothes. He got back down on his knees in front of me. He put his hand on the side of my face and I opened my eyes. +

"I have something for you," he said. +

"Really?" I asked. +

He nodded and reached into his pocket. He held out a diamond ring. It was the ring that Brittany had on her finger. 45

"I'm sorry that I wasn't able to get you a ring on our wedding day," Jimmy said. "We pawn off all of the jewellery that we find. I convinced Dad to let me keep this. I saw you looking at it so I assumed you would like it." 1

I let out a deep breath. Jimmy took my hand and slid the ring onto my finger. I held my hand out and fiddled with it. Jimmy went out of his way to get me this ring. He was protecting me, but he also wanted to make me happy. 19

"Thank you," I said. "It's beautiful."+

"Always keep it on your finger, okay?" he said. 1

I kissed Jimmy. I crawled into bed as he turned off the light. He lay down next to me and curled me into his body. I spun the ring around my finger until I fell asleep. 1

 I spent the night clinging to Jimmy. If he rolled over in his sleep, I would wake  and nudge my way over so that I was pressed against his back. I fell into pockets of sleep, but it never lasted long. The faces of those three people stayed in my mind. I wondered if their bodies were in the basement or if they disposed of them somewhere else. 21

	I had to remind myself that he did it to protect me. 6

	When Jimmy's alarm went off, I rolled over and turned it off. Jimmy gave me a quizzical look. I brushed his hair off of his face and ran my finger along the scar. +

	"Good morning," I said. +

	"Morning," he said. +

	He took my hand, which had the ring, and kissed the back of it. He groaned before he rolled out of bed and I followed. Jimmy pulled clothes out of the dresser and handed them to me. I changed into a green sweater and a pair of jeans. I tugged on the neckline to ensure that Tommy's bite mark was hidden. +

	I brushed the knots out of my hair. Jimmy pulled his shirt over his head, which hid the key. I yawned and stretched my arms up over my head. +

	"Didn't sleep well?" Jimmy asked. +

	"No," I told him. "I couldn't stay asleep."+

	"You know why?"+

	I shrugged my shoulders and tied my hair up into a bun. Jimmy sat down on the foot of the bed. +

	"Come here, Julie," he said. +

	I walked over to him. He grabbed my waist and pulled me down onto his lap. He tightened his arms around me and kissed my cheek. +

	"I know what happened last night was scary," he said. "But that happens a lot here. We have to do it to keep you safe."+

	"Okay," I said. +

	"Now, tell me," he said. "Tell me that you know that you're safe here."2

	"I'm safe here."+

	"Good girl."3

	'He leaned down and he kissed me. I slipped my arms around his neck as I kissed him back. It felt good and I did not want to stop, but there was a knock on the door. Jimmy pulled away and rolled his eyes. +

	"We're coming!" he shouted at the door. He gave me another kiss and patted my thigh. "We need to go."+

	I leaned in for another kiss before getting up. He laced his fingers through mine and we walked down to the kitchen. Charles and Tommy were already at the table. +

	The swelling in Tommy's nose had gone down and his bruises had started to fade. Charles pushed his bowl away from him as we sat down. We all looked up at him. +

	"Jimmy, I want you to come out and help me this morning," he said. "Tommy, you stay inside and finish up. You can come outside once you are done."1

	"Dad, that can't happen," Jimmy said. +

	His large eyes managed to grow even larger, and I knew he was scared. I was too. I did not want to be left alone in this house with Tommy. +

	"I don't want Tommy alone with her," Jimmy said. +

	"I never touched her," Tommy said. +

	"Yes, you did! Stop lying about it!"+

	"I can't believe that you believe her over your own brother!"+

	"Boys!" Charles shouted. +

	Charles had stood from his chair. He was leaning forward and his hands were on the table. Jimmy and Tommy both sunk in their seats. +

	"Stop your arguing!" he said. "Tommy knows not to touch Juliet again, right?"6

	"I never touched her," Tommy said. +

	"You will not touch Juliet," he repeated. "Because if you do there will be severe consequences." +

	Tommy let out a deep breath. "I won't touch her."+

	"Can't Julie come outside with us?" Jimmy asked. +

	"No, she can't," Charles said. "Women don't belong working outside, and you know that. She needs to stay here."14

	"How about I stay in and finish up?" Jimmy asked. "I can do that and Tommy can help you outside."+

	Charles let out a huff of breath and pushed his empty bowl away from him. +

	"I want it to be done right," he said. "Get outside."+

	Charles stormed over to the door, threw on his jacket, and went out into the backyard. I had lost all of my appetite and pushed my bowl away from me. Jimmy dropped his spoon into the bowl and there was a loud clang. Tommy let out a deep breath and cracked his knuckles. +

	"You better not touch her," Jimmy said. +

	"Why would I touch her, Jim?" he asked. "It's not like I think she's pretty."5

	"That's not what you said in the basement," I said. 3

	I did not realize that the words left my mouth until it was too late. +

	"You should stop lying, Jules," Tommy said. "It's a bad habit. Jimmy, you should fix that."+

	Tommy got out of his seat and headed toward the basement. Jimmy opened his mouth to argue, but I put my hand on his arm to stop him. He closed his mouth and turned to face me. I lifted my lips into a smile. +

	"It's okay," I said. +

	It was weird being the one to reassure Jimmy, instead of the other way around. I did not want a fight to break out like last night. Charles was not here to stop it, and I did not want Jimmy to get hurt. 1

	Jimmy got out of his chair and stood in front of me. He grabbed my hands and pulled me onto my feet. The basement door slammed shut, and some of the tension left my body. Jimmy cupped the side of my face with one hand and slid the other arm around my waist. +

	"Listen to me," he said. "I want you to clean up breakfast as fast as you can. I want you to stay upstairs in our room and stay away from Tommy. Do you understand?"+

	"Yes," I said. "I understand."+

	"Be good," he said before kissing me. +

	I watched as Jimmy left to go outside. I collected all of the bowls and washed them as fast as I could. I ran up the stairs and closed the door. I looked around the room, unsure of what to do. I laid down on the bed and curled up into a ball on my side. +

	My heart was pounding as I listened for a sound. Hours passed before the basement door slammed shut. I got up off the bed and ran over to the door. I pressed my ear against it and listened to Tommy moving around downstairs. The stairs creaked as he walked up the steps. I held onto my breath as I listened to him walk down the hall. +

	I looked around the room for a place to hide. Tommy would surely tear the room apart to look for me. I turned my head and saw the bathroom. +

	My precious lock. +

	I ran into the bathroom and locked the door. I got on my knees in front of the door and clasped my hands in front of my face. I could not stop myself from shaking. The bedroom door opened and I squeezed my eyes shut. +

 The throbbing in my hand kept me awake. Jimmy had stitched my skin back together and then wrapped it up in gauze. I was lying on my back with my hand resting on my chest. +

	My mind was repeating Tommy's threats. He was going to continue to harass me until he got his own wife. That wouldn't be for another two years. I could not wait that long. 2

	Jimmy was curled up on his side facing away from me. I reached out and put my good hand on his shoulder. I'd never woken Jimmy before, and I did not know if he would be mad at me. I lightly shook his shoulder. He stirred, but he did not wake. I shook his shoulder harder. +

	"Jimmy," I said. +

	"What?" he groaned. +

	"I had a bad dream," I lied. +

	Jimmy rolled off of his side and onto his back. I shuffled over so that I could put my head on his chest. I rested my injured hand on top of his chest. Jimmy wrapped his arms around me. +

	"Tell me about it," he said. +

	"Tommy was touching me again," I said. +

	His body went rigid and tightened his grip. +

	"Julie, that's not going to happen again," he said. 2

	"I hope not," I said. +

	"It won't," he said. "You're mine, not his."1

	"It was scary."+

	"I promise I will protect you. Nothing is ever going to happen to you again."2

	"Thank you."+

	"Now, go to sleep. I'll make sure you get no more nightmares."3

--+

	The next few days went by and Tommy left me alone. He would always have a smirk on his face, but he never touched me. +

We stuck to our usual routines and nothing more would happen. We would wake up early in the morning, eat breakfast, the boys would go outside, I would clean and cook, and then we would eat dinner. I made sure dinner was on the table when they came inside. I did not want another one of Charles' punishments. I could tell that Jimmy was still made at Tommy because they would no longer play cards after dinner. He would pull me up to our room after I was finished washing the dishes. 2

We started to have sex and he would hold me after and talk about our future sons. The thought did not scare me anymore, and I started to enjoy it. I could see Jimmy and me raising a family together. I never imagined myself with children before. Jimmy was so much better than the men in that club. 5

One night I was sitting on the bed and I had my knees up to my chest. I wrapped my arms around my legs and rested my chin on my knees. Jimmy was taking a shower, so I waited alone until he got out. +

I had not felt any difference in the last couple of weeks. I was starting to get nervous. Some women can't have children, what if I was one of them? Jimmy would punish me for sure. I would be ruining his dreams. He will think that his father got him the wrong wife, and they are going to replace me with someone new. 2

Could they do that?10

Charles had said that Jimmy only gets one girl, but what if I could not provide them with what they want? Jimmy said it was one of my jobs to have children. They would replace me with a girl that could. They would kill me. +

The tears were falling down my cheeks, and I took in a deep breath to try and stop myself from crying. I wanted to stop myself from crying before Jimmy came out. 2

It was too late. I heard the bathroom door open. His jaw dropped when he saw me. He dropped the clothes that were balled up in his hands and ran over to me. He sat down next to me and rubbed my back. +

"What's wrong?" he asked. +

"Nothing," I said. +

"Julie, I know you don't cry for no reason. Tell me what's wrong."+

I lifted my head and wiped away the tears. Jimmy moved his hand up from my back and up to my shoulders. +

"What if we aren't able to have children?" I asked. +

"Julie, you don't have to worry about that," he said. "You're absolutely perfect. You will give me the boys that I want. It can just take a little while sometimes. I don't mind trying at all."+

Jimmy chuckled and I smiled. +

"Why only boys?"5

I bit down on my lip when I realized that I asked a question. I was not supposed to be asking questions. I remember asking him before and he was mad at me. +

"We're not allowed to have girls," he said. I was shocked that he answered my question. "Only boys are born into this family. Girls are brought in later as wives."2

"What if I gave birth to a girl?" I asked. +

"We would have to kill her."30

My stomach twisted itself into a knot and I was hit with nausea. He couldn't possibly be serious. I know that they have killed other people, but how could they kill their own babies? This was just sick. I couldn't let Jimmy kill our children. 1

I pushed Jimmy away from me. I stood, but Jimmy grabbed my wrist and pulled me back down. +

"Sit down, Julie," he said. +

"No!" I shouted. "How could you do that? It's sick! It's disgusting!"+

"Shhhh. Julie, calm down."+

"No! How could you do that?"+

Jimmy grabbed my other wrist and pinned me against the bed. His one hand shot up over my mouth. My screams were muffled. I thrashed my head from side-to-side to try and get him off of me. Jimmy pushed himself so that he was kneeling on either side of me. He was looking over his shoulder at the door. 1

"Julie, you need to be quiet," he said. +

I clawed at his hand with my good hand. Although Jimmy had removed the stitches a few days ago, my palm still throbbed from Charles' punishment. +

"Julie, please," Jimmy said. "I only told you because I thought you could handle it."1

His hand slid down so that it was resting on my chin. I sucked in a deep breath. +

"You're a monster," I said. 1

"Don't talk to me like that," he said. +

"You kill your own children."+

"Only our daughters. We do it because they're not strong enough to survive. If you get connected to her and she dies, that will be devastating to you. This stops you from being hurt when she dies. It's done to protect you."12

I shook my head as I closed my eyes. I didn't even know what to say to him. Jimmy was trying to keep me safe, but it sounded so wrong. 2

"Get ready for bed," he said. +

Jimmy got up off me. He went into the bathroom. I got changed into one of his T-shirts. I crawled into bed and pulled the blankets up to my chest. +

Jimmy came out of the bathroom with his hand behind his back. He sat on the edge of the bed, and he grabbed the sheets and pulled them down. I bolted up so that I was sitting. +

"I'm going to give you something to calm down," he said. 1

"I don't need anything," I said. +

"Yes, you do. I don't need you to have another episode."+

"Episode?"2

He pulled his hand out from behind his back. He had a syringe in his hand. I scrambled to get off the bed, but Jimmy grabbed me and pushed me down. I kicked my legs out, trying to hit him, but I missed. He pinned my leg down against the bed. There was a sharp pinch as the needle pierced my skin. I cried as he injected me. 2

He got off of me and dropped the syringe on the nightstand. He pulled me over on the bed so that I was back on my side. He pulled the blankets up and tucked me in. My eyelids were growing heavy. My muscles were weak as I tried to push Jimmy away. He mistook my action, and grabbed my hand kissing the back of it. +

"It's going to be alright, sweetheart," Jimmy said. 1

He stood. I rolled onto my side. He was watching me as the unconsciousness overtook me. +

I did not wake up when Jimmy's alarm went off. He must have sedated me too much, like he accidentally did the first night I was here. 2

Jimmy was shaking my shoulder and running his fingers through my hair. He was treating me like I was fragile. Did he feel sorry for drugging me last night? He did believe that it was what was best for me. 3

I struggled to open my eyes. Jimmy was leaning over me. He had on his work clothes and was still wearing his plaid jacket. A smile crept across his face. +

"Good morning, beautiful," he said. +

He leaned down to kiss me. My mind was running at a slow pace, so I did not realize what he was doing until he pulled away. I opened my mouth to speak, but only a pathetic noise came out. +

"Don't worry," he said. "You get to sleep in. I want you to rest. You can do your chores later in the day. Understand?"+

I tried to say yes, but I could not get the word out. I settled for nodding my head. Jimmy kissed my forehead. +

"That's my girl," he said. +

He left the bedroom and I could not keep my eyes open any longer. +

I slept for a few more hours and laid in bed awake for a while. All of my muscles ached and my head throbbed so cleaning was difficult. I focused mostly on making dinner. I wanted to make sure that it was delicious as an apology for my outburst last night. I even made a batch of cookies to show how sorry I was. 6

"Wow, this house smells good," Charles said as soon as he walked through the door. Jimmy and Tommy walked in and took in a deep breath. +

"Thank you," I said. +

The heat rushed up to my cheeks when Jimmy wrapped his arms around my waist. He smelled of sweat and dirt, but it was a smell that I had familiarized myself with. He nuzzled his face into my neck. +

"It smells delicious," he said. +

"Go wash up before it gets cold," I said. +

"Of course," he said. "I don't want to miss it."+

Jimmy went upstairs, and a few minutes later everyone was sitting around the table. We passed around bowls and plates of food. I was glad that everyone was enjoying it. +

"When are you going to cut your hair?" Charles asked, looking over at Jimmy. +

"What?" he asked before shovelling a forkful of food into his mouth. +

"When are you going to cut your hair?" Charles repeated. "It's touching your shoulders now."+

"He's right," Tommy said. "You're looking like a girl."1

"It's soon going to be as long as Juliet's."+

I giggled. Charles and Tommy were laughing too. Jimmy scowled as he continued to eat. +

"Can we leave my hair alone?" Jimmy asked. +

"I'm telling you that I don't know why you don't cut it," Charles said. "It's odd and gets in the way. Tommy's right. Only girls have long hair."18

"Well, I like it," Jimmy said. +

"Trying to hide your scar?" Tommy asked. +

"The scar is on my face, you idiot," Jimmy said. "If I was going to hide it, I would not use my hair."+

"Juliet," Charles said. I was happy just to be listening. I did not want to be part of this conversation, but I knew I should stick to Jimmy's side. He had looked up from his plate and was staring at me. "What do you think about his hair?"+

"I think that it is fine," I said. +

"Do you really?" Tommy asked. "We're saying it is okay to disagree with him."+

"Leave her alone!" Jimmy snapped. +

"Loosen up, Jim," Tommy said. +

Jimmy dropped his fork. His chair screeched as he stood up. He stormed up the stairs. I wanted to get up and follow him, but I knew I had to clean up dinner. 3

Charles and Tommy continued to talk like Jimmy had never left. After they had finished, Charles went into the living room. Tommy grabbed a handful of cookies before he went up to his room. I tried to clean dinner up as fast as I could so that I could see Jimmy. 2

I dried my hands on the dish rag before I hurried upstairs. The bedroom door was closed. I peered inside to see that the room was empty. The bathroom door was closed, so I tapped my knuckles against the door. +

"Jimmy?"+

The door was unlocked, and I stepped in. Jimmy had a tight grip on the edge of the sink and his knuckles were turning white. He was staring at himself in the mirror. +

"Are you alright?" I asked. I took a small step toward him. +

"Tell me what you honestly think," he said. "I don't want you to worry about upsetting me. I just need to know what you think."+

He was still upset about his hair. I've heard Jimmy and Tommy joke and tease each other, but he has never had a reaction like this before. I wondered why he was so upset about something as simple as the length of his hair. 3

"I like it," I said. "It's your hair, Jimmy. You can do whatever you want with it."+

"Would you have been with a guy like this?" he asked. +

"What?" I asked. "What are you talking about?"+

"Before we got married," he said, "would you have been with a guy that looks like this? Would you choose to be with a guy that looks like me?"+

"Yes, but why does that matter?"+

Jimmy opened up one of the cupboards under the sink, and he frantically was searching for something. He slammed his hand down on the counter. A pair of shiny metal scissors sat on top of the counter. He sat down on the edge of the bathtub. +

"I want you to cut it off," he said. +

"Jimmy, I don't know how to cut hair," I said. +

"It's not hard, and I'm not picky. Charles and Tommy do it all the time. Just cut it off."+

"Really?"+

"Well," he hesitated. "I don't want it all off. Not as short as Tommy's, but shorter than this."3

I picked the scissors up from the counter and stared down at them. I looked over at Jimmy to see that he was staring at me with his big soft brown eyes. I walked over to him, wrapped my arms around his neck, and kissed his cheek. +

"Are you sure you want me to?" I asked. +

"Yes," he said. "Do it now before I change my mind."4

I picked up the scissors. I bit down on my lip to try and stop my hands from shaking. I did not want to screw this up. +

I cut his hair off little by little. I was worried about screwing it up and not being able to fix it. Jimmy did not say anything, and I was focused on what I was doing. +

Once I was finished, the bathtub was full of Jimmy's dark hair. I was pretty proud of myself for getting it even. It was short, but not as short as Tommy's or Charles'. +

"Done," I said. +

Jimmy stood and went straight to the mirror. He was pulling at the ends of his hair and running his fingers through it. My heart pounded as I feared I cut it too short. +

"How is it?" I asked. +

He turned around to look at me. The first thing that came to mind was Tommy talking about Jimmy's scar. The line of ripped torn flesh seemed to stand out much more. His eyes were even larger. He no longer had the curtain of hair to hide his features. 2

"I like it," he said. +

I let go of the nervous breath that I was holding onto. I made him happy and that is all that matters.  5

"I was not expecting to see that," Charles said after we came downstairs for breakfast. "I didn't think you would chop it all off."1

	"Julie did it for me," Jimmy said. +

	I still had not gotten used to looking at the change. I had memorized the same three faces for the past few months. I learned every one of their details, especially Jimmy's. Now without his long hair tucked behind his ears, his face was much more exposed to me. +

	"It looks good," Charles said. +

	"Yeah," Tommy said. "You no longer look like a girl."1

	Jimmy glared at him and Tommy smiled. Charles cleared his throat. +

	"I have been talking to Uncle Noah," Charles said. 1

	The mood in the room changed. Jimmy and Tommy went from glaring at each other to smiling like little kids on Christmas morning. +

	"He told me that we can come over for a visit whenever we want," Charles said. +

	"So when will that be?" Tommy asked. +

	"It all depends on your brother," he said. "When do you think we should go?"1

	Jimmy looked over at me. He was biting his bottom lip. I dropped my spoon as I lost my appetite. Jimmy was the one to decide when his family meets me, and he does not look happy. Was he embarrassed by me? +

	"Give me a week," Jimmy said. +

	"A week?" Charles said wryly. "I know she's settling in very well, but that seems a little ambitious for you. You know she'll have to be completely comfortable with the idea before we go to their house."+

	They were talking about me like I was not even sitting here. I wanted to ask them what they were talking about, but I managed to control myself. +

	Jimmy put his hand on my knee underneath the table. He flashed me a quick smile. He tried to brush his hair behind his ear. Some old habits die hard. +

	"Yeah, a week will be enough time," he said. +

	"It better be," Charles said. "Don't put it off and don't disappoint the family."+

	"I don't plan on it," he said. "I wasn't going to put it off for very much longer anyways."+

	Put off what? I wanted to scream. 3

	I stayed quiet and looked over at Jimmy. Charles and him were staring at each other like they were reading their minds. I dared to look over at Tommy, and he was smirking. He knew what they were talking about. +

	"Juliet," Charles said, turning his attention toward me. "I've noticed that you have started eating more now."+

	"Yes," I said. "Is that okay?"+

	"It's more than okay," he said. "You're settling in great. You have really become part of the family."+

	The heat rushed up to my cheeks and I smiled. Jimmy's hand was still on my leg, and he rubbed my thigh. +

	"Thank you," I said. +

	"It's my pleasure," Charles said. "We haven't had a beautiful face since Marilyn - the boys' mother - had died."9

	It was the first time I have heard any of them mention Charles' wife. There were only a few photos around the house, but none of them had a female in them. I always found that strange. If they were missing her, they would want photos of her around. +

	Jimmy and Tommy both looked surprised at the mention of their mother's name. Tommy got up out of the chair and dropped the bowl in the sink. He went out the back door without saying a word. +

	"I guess we better get out and start working," Charles told Jimmy. +

	"Yeah," he said. "We better."+

	Charles got up and went outside. Jimmy hung his head as he put on his jacket. I set the bowls in the sink and walked over to him. +

	"Are you alright?" I asked. +

	"Yeah, of course." Jimmy looked up at me. "Just a late start to the day."+

	I wanted to ask about his mother, but I bit down on my tongue. Jimmy kissed me before he went out the door. +

--+

	Jimmy and Charles came in earlier than they normally do, so I was still making dinner when the door opened. +

	"Tell your brother to get ready when he comes inside," Charles told Jimmy. +

	"Will do," Jimmy said. +

	Charles went upstairs and Jimmy walked toward me. He grabbed my hips and turned me around so that he could kiss me. +

	"Get ready for what?" I asked. I bit down on my lip. I keep forgetting I cannot ask questions. 1

	"Dad and Tommy are going into town," he said. "It will be just the two of us tonight."+

	My lips lifted into a smile. The last time that the two of them went into town was when Jimmy let me go outside. I hoped he would do the same. It's been weeks since I left the house. Maybe if we got the house down the street in the future, Jimmy would trust me enough to keep the doors unlocked. 1

	"What about dinner? Are they going to eat first?" I looked over at the counter full of food. +

	"Leave it," he said. "Put it in the fridge and we can have it tomorrow."+

	The back door opened, and Tommy walked in. Jimmy was no longer afraid to be seen close to me. He used to jump away from me whenever somebody could see us, like he was not supposed to be near me. Now he doesn't do that, especially around Tommy. He had his hands on my hips and pulled me closer to him. 1

	"Dad says get ready right away," Jimmy said. +

	"Fine," Tommy said. +

	He ran up the stairs. Jimmy let go of me when he heard Tommy's door slam shut. Jimmy washed his hands as I wrapped up the food. At least I would not have to cook tomorrow. +

	Charles came downstairs pulling his arms through the sleeves of the jacket. Tommy soon followed by zipping up his sweater. Tommy ran his eyes over my body before he walked out the front door without saying a word. In the corner of my eye, I could see Jimmy scowling. 1

	"Remember what I told you," Charles said to Jimmy. +

	"I will," Jimmy said. "Don't worry."+

	"We will be home in four to six hours." +

	"I know."+

	They said their goodbyes and Charles left. I cleaned up the kitchen and Jimmy pulled out the plate full of meat. He placed it on the table and sat down. 1

	"Julie, come sit down," he said. 3

	I stopped wiping the counter and left the rag there. Jimmy pushed out my usual seat at the end of the table. He was sitting at the edge of his chair and had it turned so that he was facing mine. I sat and he reached over and grabbed a piece of meat. He tore it with his teeth and ate it. 4

	"Eat one," he said, gesturing over to the plate. 19

	I reached over and took one of the cold strips of meat. I bit into it and struggled as I tried to tear a piece off with my teeth. 4

	"You know I love you, right?" he asked. +

	"Of course I do," I said. +

	"And you know that all I ever want to do is help you?" he asked. "Everything I do is what is best for you."+

	"Yes."+

	"Tell me."+

	"You only do what's best for me."+

	"Again."3

	"You only do what's best for me."+

	Jimmy slid his hand into mine. He looked at me softly with his big brown eyes. I couldn't believe that cutting off his hair made them look even bigger. A smile overtook me. +

	"You're happy here, right?" he asked. +

	"Yes," I said. "I am happy with you."+

	"But you love our family?" he asked. "You realize that you are part of our family and we will always love you?"1

	"You're my family and I love you."+

	"We're always going to protect you, right?"+

	His grip tightened on my hand and my heart pounded in my chest. I could sense that he was nervous to tell me something. He looked scared and that made me even more uneasy. +

	"I know you'll always protect me," I said. I squeezed his hand to try and reassure him. "I'm safer here than in the outside world."1

	"I'm really glad to hear you say that," he said. "Our family is a bit different, but we do what is the absolute best. I'm so proud of you for how you have settled in here. I know a few things have been difficult for you. But I think honesty is the most important thing, don't you agree?"2

	"Yes," I said. +

	Jimmy was making me nervous, and I could feel a lump forming in my throat. I had to force the word out of my mouth. +

	"We have a family tradition that I have not told you about yet," he said. 15

	"What's that?" I asked. +

	"The meat you've been cooking," he started. 3

	He looked down at the plate and then backed up at me. My one hand was still holding the strip of meat that I have not finished eating yet. My fingers involuntarily tightened around it. +

	"Yes?" I asked. +

	I could not stand the silence because he never finished his sentence. I kept reminding myself that he loved me and was doing what was best for me. I had to have faith in him. I had to. He was the only person that I could ever rely on. +

	"Do you remember those travelers a few weeks ago?" he asked. "Or that couple on your first night here?"11

	I nodded. +

	"The meat you have been cooking is them."68

I was overcome with so many thoughts at once that my body went numb. I imagined that my jaw must be hanging open by the concern that was all over Jimmy's face. The only thing I could feel was the bile rising in the back of my throat.+

	I balled up my fists and I felt the cold meat between my fingers. I had forgotten that it was in my hand. Who was it? Erica, Brittany or Scott? Or maybe it was the other couple?+

	I dropped the meat on the ground and I got out of the chair. I could not be anywhere near that piece of chopped up carcass lying on the floor. The fact that the plate on the table was full of it made me even more disgusted. +

	I am the one that cooked that. I have been eating that. It was not like I had eaten it once. That was dinner every night for the past couple of months. My stomach was twisting itself into a knot. 2

	"Julie," Jimmy said softly as he got out of the chair. +

	I shook my head and the tears started to fall out of my eyes. He looked so hurt, but I did not care. The family was a bunch of monsters, but they are the ones that are supposed to love me. He stepped toward me and I backed up. 3

	"No," I choked out. +

	"Julie, please," he started to plead. +

	"No!" +

	Jimmy stopped walking. He must be shocked by me yelling at him. I jumped when I backed up into the kitchen counter.+

"Stay away from me," I sobbed. +

"Juliet, you know that we love you," he said. 5

His voice was more stern and it sounded like he was about to lecture me. He hands out in front of him. He looked like he was trying to approach a wild animal and not scare it off.

"You're all sick," I continued to sob. "How could you do that?"+

"Remember all of our other traditions that you have gotten used to," he said. "This is going to be the same thing. I know it's new and scary now, but you're going to get used to it in no time. You've already settled in so well and you have eaten so much of it."12

I reached behind myself, but I did not take my eyes off of Jimmy. My hand ran along the counter until I felt the wooden block. My fingers curled around one of the handles and I pulled out one of the knives from the wooden block. I held it out in front of me. The blade shook as I couldn't control my hands to stay steady. 5

"I want to go home," I said. 7

Jimmy's eyes grew big as he watched me pull out the knife. I have never threatened him before. I have tried to fight against him before, but my attempts were usually futile. Now that I had a weapon I could pose a serious threat. +

"You are home," he said, "and you know that. You are part of this family. You are one of us."+

"I am not one of you." I was crying even harder. "I could never do that."+

"But you have, Julie," he said. "Think about how much you have been eating. It hasn't bothered you before so don't let it bother you now."+

Nausea was overtaking my stomach. I had always wondered what the meat was, but I rarely ever questioned it. I trusted Jimmy. I did not think that he would do this to me. 3

I started to gag and I ran up the stairs as fast as I could. I could not hear Jimmy following me, but I did not chance it. I ran into the bedroom and then into the bathroom. I slammed the door behind me and I locked it. I covered my mouth until I got down in front of the toilet and began vomiting. 3

My stomach needed to be cleansed. I had to get every last bit of meat that was in my stomach out. Jimmy was knocking on the door as I continued to be sick. When I was done, I collapsed down on the floor and curled up on my side. +

"Juliet!" he yelled as he pounded his fist onto the door."Open the door!"+

I was sobbing and I could not control the tears. I sat and reached across the floor for the knife. I had a tight grip on the handle and the blade was pointed out in front of me. +

"Go away!" I screamed. +

"Julie!" he yelled. +

The banging on the door slowed and became louder and more forceful. He was throwing his weight into the door with his shoulder. My lock was precious to me, but it was old and it would not withstand Jimmy's weight for long. +

"Leave me alone!" I screamed. "I don't want to be near you!"+

"Julie, please!" Jimmy yelled. "Open up this door. We can talk to each other."+

"No!"+

Jimmy threw his weight into the door one more time. There was a loud crack as the door flew open. I let out a scream. Jimmy's face was red and he was panting. +

"Stay away from me," I said. +

"I just want to talk to you, Julie," he said. "I promise I am not angry. I am not going to hurt you."+

He took a few steps forward. I turned the blade so that it was no longer facing him and was toward me. The end of the knife was pointed at my chest as I held onto it with both of my hands. 2

"Come any closer and I'll kill myself," I said. 8

Jimmy stopped. His face paled and his jaw was hanging open. He shook his head. 2

"No," he said, his voice came out as a whisper. "Julie, that's the last thing I want you to do. I love you. You're my wife. I don't want to lose you."+

He lowered himself onto the floor. He was kneeling in front of me and I did not move the blade. I was crying so heavily that I could barely see through the tears. +

"I could not live if you left me like that," he said. 8

His voice cracked as he spoke. I have never heard him like this before. He sounded so weak and vulnerable. I let go of the knife with one hand and wiped the tears off of my cheeks. I was scared when I saw his eyes brimming with tears. I have never seen Jimmy cry before. I have never even seen him sad before. 6

"Let me leave this house," I said. +

"And go where? You mean you'd honestly rather be in that strip club than living here with me?" he asked. His voice was wobbly and a tear rolled down his cheek. "Julie, I love you. Please, I know this is hard, but please don't leave me."4

I stared at Jimmy as a couple more tears rolled down his cheeks. He wiped his eyes with the back of his hand. Jimmy wasn't the monster that I thought he was. A monster would not be kneeling in front of me crying. No man has ever cried in front of me before. He was really different from everyone else. He actually did love me and did not want to see me hurt. 23

I pulled the knife away from my body and dropped it. When Jimmy heard the clang on the floor he looked up at me. He shuffled toward me. He wrapped his arms around me and kissed my temple. He slid the knife away. +

He pressed his lips hard against my cheek and I tried to push him away from me. I may have dropped the knife, but I did not forgive him. He's been feeding me human meat for months. +

This meant that I was a cannibal now. They were cannibals. I didn't think that they could get much worse than kidnappers, rapists, and murderers. They managed to do the worst thing possible. 6

 "Don't, Jimmy," I said, pushing him away. "I don't want you to touch me."+

Jimmy tightened his arms around me for a moment before letting go. I wrapped my arms around my knees and cried into them. I could hear Jimmy get back onto his feet and move around the bathroom. I did not look up until he touched my shoulder. +

He had a syringe in his hand. I untangled myself and scurried back. He grabbed my ankle and yanked me back. I kicked and slapped him as he rolled me onto my side. I screamed as he pulled down the side of my pants and pierced my skin. He injected me as I fought against him. 8

When he put the needle back into the case, I struggled to get back up onto my feet. I took a few steps before stumbling and landing on my knees. I could not find the strength to stand, so I began to crawl out of the bathroom. Crawling soon became too difficult and I collapsed onto the floor. I managed to get myself to the doorway of the bathroom. +

Jimmy came over and rolled me onto my back. He scooped me up off of the floor and curled me into his arms. My eyes were so heavy that I struggled to keep them open. I tried to scream, but it came out as a pathetic noise. +

Jimmy placed me down on the bed. He brushed my tangled hair off of my face and kissed my forehead. +

"Don't worry, honey," he said. "You're going to sleep well and feel better in the morning."6

 Something cold brushed against my cheek and my eyes slowly opened. There was an intense pain that spread across my temple. I was glad that the room was dark because my eyes watered and ached. +

	Jimmy was sitting on the edge of the bed. He had on his jacket. He must have already been outside working. Jimmy drugged me with enough of the medication so that I did not wake up to his alarm. +

	"Good morning, beautiful," he said. 5

	I opened my mouth to speak, but it was so dry that I could not talk. I shifted my weight on the bed and I realized that my arms were stuck. I looked up to see that my arms were tied to the bed frame with rope. I gave my wrists a tug with all of the energy I could gather, but my hands went nowhere. My back was propped up with pillows. 7

	Jimmy reached out and his cold fingers covered my hands. +

	"You'll only hurt yourself more," he said. "Are you thirsty?"+

	I nodded. I winced as the pain increased in my head. +

	Jimmy picked a glass of water up from the nightstand and brought it over to my lips. I struggled to drink from it. Some of the water ran onto my cheek and chin. I ignored it and greedily drank from it to relieve my parched mouth. +

	Once I was finished, he set the glass on the table. He gave me a soft smile and ran his fingers through my tangled mess of hair. +

	"You really scared me last night," he said. 5

	I was fighting with my eyes to keep them open. It was like I was close to slipping into unconsciousness. +

	"I love you, Julie," he said. "Don't tell me that you are going to take yourself away from me like that again. So many girls have done that in this family before, and it leaves the men alone. I never want to lose you, so I have to make sure that you are not going to do anything silly while I'm outside." 16

I wanted to shake my head no. I want to scream and cry. I wanted to fight against the restraints. There was no strength in my body to do any of that. I could not even keep my eyes open as I began to fall asleep. +

"Be a good girl and rest up," he said. +

His lips pressed against my forehead was the last thing that I remembered before I fell back asleep. +

When I woke up again, the pain in my shoulders became unbearable. The rest of my muscles ached, but it was nothing compared to my shoulders. +

I looked up to see that my hands were still tied to the bed. I pulled on my wrists. The rope burned into my flesh and I yelped out in pain. +

There was no point in fighting against the restraints. It would be a miracle if I managed to break free. Even if I did, I doubt that I would have the strength to get out of bed and walk. The doors were all locked anyways, so I would not be able to go far. Jimmy would find me crumpled on the floor somewhere and would be punished for trying to escape. 1

I stopped struggling and settled myself on the bed. I had to wiggle my weight around until I could find a comfy spot for my shoulders. +

I looked over at Jimmy's clock. It was just past noon, and I groaned. They usually came in when it turned dark outside. I would be tied to this bed for another five or six hours. 7

The day was painstakingly long. I slept for a few more hours to try and pass the time. Every time I woke up I felt a little better. The pain in my head dulled to a manageable headache, and the only major pain was in my shoulders. +

While I was awake, I could not stop thinking about Jimmy. My mind kept wanting to go back to the meat that I was eating, but I knew I had to avoid thinking about that. Any time I did, I could feel myself getting nauseous. I did not want to start vomiting and had to lie in it until Jimmy came inside. 1

It was much better to think about something that made me feel happy and safe. That was always Jimmy. Outside I was always on my own, but now I had a family that loved me. Jimmy protected me and made me feel safe. I was never going to feel lonely again as long as I had him. He was the only one who loved me.  13

I couldn't forget about the meat though. It was sick and disgusting. Only bad low-budget horror movie villains murdered and then ate their corpses. Maybe I heard them wrong? No. I remember last night vividly. +

My train of thought was cut off when I heard somebody hurrying up the stairs. The door opened and Jimmy walked in. He had a plate in his hand. My stomach twisted when I saw that there was a pile of meat on it. 1

Jimmy put the plate down on the nightstand and sat down on the edge of the bed. He tucked the loose pieces of hair, which had been itching my face all day, behind my ear.+

"How are you feeling?" he asked. 2

"My arms are sore," I said. My voice was much hoarser than I expected. +

Jimmy let out a deep breath. He reached forward and fiddled with the ropes as he undid the knot. I bit down on my lip to stop myself from gasping out in pain as the ropes rubbed against my flesh. I stretched out my arms, and my muscles screamed out in pain. I sat on the bed. Jimmy watched me as I stretched out my arms. +

"Go to the bathroom," he said. +

"Can I take a shower?" I asked. +

"Not yet," he said. "Go to the bathroom and come back."2

I slid off the bed. My knees wobbled as I walked to the bathroom. I looked over my shoulder to see Jimmy was staring at me. I hurried as I went to the bathroom. When I came back out, Jimmy patted his hand on the bed and I sat down next to him. He had the plate of meat in his hands.+

"I need you to build up your strength," he said. "I want you to eat."+

"I'm not hungry," I lied. +

Jimmy shook his head and ran his fingers through his hair. +

"Listen, this is not an option," he said. "Either you eat or I am going to tie you back to the bed."+

"Please, Jimmy," I begged. +

"What is it going to be?"+

I glanced over at the plate. I jumped when Jimmy put his hand on my back. I clasped my hands together and held them in front of my face. Jimmy rubbed my back. +

"It's going to be okay," he said. "You've been eating it for months. Don't let anything change now."+

"I didn't know what it was before," I said. +

"We wouldn't do anything to hurt you," he said. "If you eat half of what is on that plate, I'll let you shower and I'll take the ropes off of the bed."1

I let out a shaky breath as I reached over for the plate. I picked up a piece of meat. My hands shook as I brought it up to my mouth. I gagged and turned my head to the side. +

"I can't do it," I said. +

"Yes, you can," he said. "Just don't think about it."3

I squeezed my eyes shut and shook my head. +

I had to do this. He was right. I was doing this for months. It wasn't like it tasted bad. I was sick thinking about it because I knew what it was. I did not want to be tied to that bed for days. This was going to happen, so I might as well do it now.  9

"Look," Jimmy said, picking up a piece of meat. "It's not hard."+

He shoved the meat into his mouth. I closed my eyes and took a bite of the meat. I tried to think of a cow. If I believed this was beef then it would be a lot easier to swallow. I tried to think of the burgers Lina and I used to get after work that were drenched in grease. 1

I struggled with chewing and I had to fight with my tongue to swallow it. I shivered after I finally managed to. +

"Can I take a shower now?" I asked. +

"Eat two more pieces first," he said. "I want to make sure you're healthy and eating enough."5

I took a few deep breaths as I reached out for the plate. I grabbed two more pieces. I managed to force them down without being sick. 1

"Good girl," Jimmy said as I swallowed the last piece. "Go take your shower now, but keep the door open. I want to make sure you don't do anything dumb."6

I nodded and went into the bathroom. I could not close the door, but it did not matter. Jimmy had broken the lock. My last bit of protection, other than Jimmy, was now gone. 7

I turned on the shower and peeled off my clothes. I stepped under the hot stream of water and scrubbed my body clean. +

I could not believe that I had eaten another human being. I could not believe how easy it was. +

There was one thing that disgusted me even more.+

I actually thought it tasted good.  62

 When I got out of the shower, Jimmy was sitting on the bed with the plate on his lap. I did not change back into my dirty clothes. I brushed my wet hair and wrapped a towel around myself. I was expecting Jimmy to lay clothes out for me, but he did not. +

	"Sit back down," he told me. +

	I sat next to him. I clutched the towel at my chest. My knee was bouncing as I tried to avoid looking at the plate. +

	"Eat some more," he said. +

	"I'm not hungry," I said. +

	My stomach churned as I looked down at the meat. Jimmy placed the plate onto my lap. +

	"Julie, I love you," he said, "so I have to be strict on this. You can't go to sleep until you eat it all."+

	"But I'm not hungry. I swear I can't -"+

	"Julie," he cut me off. "You can and you will. We can stay up all night if that's what you want."2

	I looked down at the plate and then back up at Jimmy. I was going to have to eat this meat eventually. It was either eat it now or stay up all night. Jimmy would probably punish me if I made him stay up. He would be tired and upset, so his punishment would be bad. I did not want to stay up all night either. The drug that Jimmy had injected me with last night was still making me tired. +

	I picked up a piece and hesitantly brought it up to my mouth. I chewed on the meat with my eyes closed. Jimmy's weight shifted on the bed and he wrapped his arm around my shoulder. I swallowed hard. +

	"That's a good girl," he said. 4

	"Can I stop now?" I asked. +

	"Eat it all."+

	I reached down to the plate and grabbed more meat. This time I did not take tiny pieces, like I did before. If I kept doing that, it would take me all night to finish the plate. I grabbed a fistful of meat and shoved it into my mouth. I chewed it fast and swallowed it as soon as I could. The lump travelled down my throat and into my stomach. +

	"Wow," Jimmy said before kissing my cheek. "I'm so proud of you. I cannot believe how well you are settling in here."9

	"Thank you," I said. +

	"You're almost done," he said. "Finish it up."+

	There were just a couple of pieces left. I pushed them into a pile in the middle and scooped them up with my fingers. I dropped it into my mouth and ate it as fast as I could. 7

	"Good job," he said. "I love you so much."+

	Jimmy took the plate off my lap and set it down on the nightstand. Jimmy pushed me back onto the bed. His weight was soon on top of me, and he was propping himself up on his elbow. The room was dark and it caused shadows to cast across his face. It almost hid his scar. 1

	"You like it here, right?" he asked. 10

	"Yes," I said. +

	"Tell me." +

	"I like it here."+

	Jimmy leaned down and pressed his lips against mine. My wet hair had already soaked the pillow and caused me to shiver. Jimmy's body was so warm, and I could not stop myself from tightening my arm around his neck. +

	He was trying to make me feel better. He knew that I was upset and he wanted to make me happy. He made me eat the meat, but that was to help me. I know that I had to get comfortable here and eating that meat would help me relax. It was scary and I never thought that I would be doing it, but Jimmy was helping me. 20

	I needed this house. This was the only place where I felt safe or loved. I was always told that people like this weren't supposed to be the ones to make me feel loved, but they were wrong. If they were wrong about this, they could be wrong about a lot. 6

	Jimmy's the one who loves me. I need to believe him and he says that this is the best. 4

	I ran one of my hands down his chest and slipped it under his shirt. He stopped kissing me so that he could pull his shirt over his head. The key dangled around his neck. +

	There was a time that I was so foolish that all I could think about was taking the key off Jimmy's neck. I was so distracted by thinking of a way to escape that I could not see how much Jimmy wanted to help me. 11

--+

	The next morning when we went downstairs for breakfast, Charles pulled Jimmy aside. They were talking to each other in the living room. Tommy soon came thudding down the stairs and I turned around so that I did not face him. +

	As he walked by me, his fingertips dragged along my back. I shuddered as Tommy came up beside me. +

	"Good morning, Jules." Tommy had his usual smirk on his face. +

	"Morning," I said. +

	"Do you know what they are talking about?"+

	Tommy lifted his chin and gestured out to the living room. +

	"No," I said. "I don't."+

	"You," he said. "They are talking about you. We all knew that Jimmy would have to tell you eventually, but we are shocked by how fast he did it. Kind of makes sense though. You are not like most girls. You are not putting up much of a fight."5

	Tommy slid his hand up my back so that his arm was around my shoulders. 3

	"Jimmy only hit you once," he said. "So why are you so scared? Girls want to stay here because they are too scared to leave or upset anyone. But not you. I see the way you follow Jimmy around like a lapdog. You're loving it here. The cannibalism freaks out every girl, but you are eating it up."17

	I opened my mouth to speak, but I did not know what to say. Luckily, I was saved by the sound of Jimmy clearing his throat. Tommy dropped his arm off of my shoulders, but he stayed standing beside me. +

	"What's going on here?" Jimmy asked. 2

	"Calm down, Jim," Tommy said. "We were just talking."+

	Jimmy crossed his arms over his chest and turned to look at Charles. +

	"This is what I am talking about," Jimmy told him. +

	Charles went over to his seat and sat. Tommy walked away from me and grabbed a bowl out of the cupboard. +

	"My knee has really been bothering me," Charles said. I brought a stack of bowls and a box of cereal over to the table. "I'm going to sit out today. You boys can do all of the work yourselves today. I'm going to stay with Juliet."5

	I tried my hardest to stop my face from going pale. Being alone with Charles was not nearly as bad as being alone with Tommy, but he still made me nervous. He had been punishing people for a long time, so if I messed up I would be in a lot of pain. He's the one who taught Jimmy how to punish me. He was the one who told Jimmy to rape me, but Jimmy was human enough not to do it. 13

	I looked at the thick red mark that ran along my palm beside my thumb. Charles was the one to slice into my hand as a punishment, and it was going to scar.+

	We ate breakfast in silence. Jimmy and Tommy got out of their seats. Charles went into the living room to get his book. I gathered the bowls and brought them over to the sink.+

	Jimmy wrapped his arms around me. He kissed me, and I could see Tommy scowling. +

	"Be a good girl," he said. +

+

Charles spent the day reading at the table. I washed the floor and served on him whenever he wanted a drink. He did not say much to me all day. 1

	It was dark outside, and I had already finished cooking before Jimmy and Tommy came in. Tommy came in first, and he slammed the door behind him before storming up the stairs. Jimmy came in a few minutes later. He raked his fingers through his hair and let out a deep breath. He came over to me and slid his arms around my back. His fingertips were cold through the thin fabric of my shirt. His lips were just as cold when he kissed me. +

	"How are you feeling?" he asked. +

	"I'm good," I said. 1

	"Are you?" He raised an eyebrow. "I need to know the truth. It's the only way I can help you."+

	"I feel great," I said. "We should probably eat before it gets cold."+

	"Yeah," he said. He let go of me and removed his jacket. "Tommy probably won't be eating."+

	"What happened?" Charles asked. +

	He closed his book and pushed it to the side. I brought the dishes over to the table before I sat. +

	"Tommy's being Tommy," Jimmy said. He reached over and scooped some potatoes onto his plate. "He'll find any reason to throw a fit."+

	"What was it this time?" Charles asked. +

	"There were a couple of people," he said. "They were across the road in the field. He told me that we should go over there and take them. There were six of them, so I told him to leave them alone. He wasn't happy about that."+

	"That was the right decision," Charles said. 2

	Charles passed me the plate of meat and I set it down in the middle of the table. Jimmy looked at me, shook his head, and pushed the plate toward me. It clanged against my plate and my stomach twisted. 1

	"You didn't take any," Jimmy said. +

	"I'm not very hungry," I said. +

	"You told me that you were feeling good," he said. "Were you lying to me?"+

	"No."+

	"Then take some."+

	I put a slice of meat and looked up at Jimmy for his approval. He shook his head. +

	"You know, Juliet," Charles said, "you should probably be gaining some weight. It's not that healthy to stay that skinny."4

	"We just want you to be safe," Jimmy said. 3

	I picked up another piece of meat and dropped it on my plate. They were still staring at me, so I put another piece on my plate. They relaxed in their seats after that. 4

	"Make sure that you eat it all," Jimmy said. +

	"I will," I said. +

	We ate in silence, and only the sounds of forks scraping against the plates filled the air. I ate the meat first so that I could get it over with. Chewing it became easier, but swallowing it and forcing it down my throat was still a struggle. +

	"I've been talking to Noah," Charles said. "He was shocked that we were willing to come so early. They're very proud of you, James."+

	"Thank you," he said. +

	"We'll leave here in a couple of days, and stay with them for a week," Charles said. "I'll tell Tommy. That will put him in a better mood."+

	Dinner was soon over and I washed the dishes. My hands were in the hot soapy water, and Jimmy came up behind me. He put his hand on my hip and brushed my hair off the side of my neck. +

	"Come up to our room after you're done," he said. 2

	"Okay," I said. +

	He kissed my cheek and patted my hip before going up the stairs. I washed the dishes as quickly as I could and dried my hands on the dish towel before going to our room. +

The door was open and I closed it behind me. Jimmy was sitting down on the foot of the bed. He grabbed my hand and pulled me down onto his lap. My knees were on either side of him, and he had his arms wrapped around me to keep close to his body. I put my one hand on his shoulder, and my other hand on his cheek. My thumb ran along the indentation of the scar. +

"I can't wait to show you off to my family," he said. 4

I bit down on my lip as the heat rushed up to my cheeks.

"You're so beautiful," he said. "You're such a good girl."1

"Thank you," I said as I leaned in for a kiss. +

"You're going to love the rest of our family," he said. "Taylor is pretty much my best friend. We have been close ever since we were babies. I haven't met his wife Emme yet, but I heard she is really nice. I think you'll like her too."7

Jimmy's smile grew as he talked about his family. I had never seen him look so happy before. +

"Gabe is the oldest, and his wife Lindsay is great. They've got two sons now. Dylan is the youngest, and he's only a couple years younger than Tommy. Uncle Noah is a lot like Dad, and Jenny is the best. We used to always look forward to her cooking, but now that we have you it does not matter as much."1

He brushed a piece of my hair behind my ear. +

"I do not know a lot about your birth family, but you'll love your new family even more," he said. +

"I'm positive that I will," I said. "I was never close with my birth family."+

"Why's that?"+

"My parents were always busy. My grandmother watched us and she drank herself to her death. They died in a car crash on the way home from her funeral. Kind of ironic, isn't it?"4

"We will always love you."5

"I love you too."2

--+

	I was standing at the sink, staring through the bars on the window. Jimmy and Tommy were outside, packing the truck and the car full of duffel bags. Charles came down the stairs with a bag over his shoulder. He did not say a word to me as he went out the front door. He walked up to Tommy and tossed his bag into the back of the car. +

	I watched as the three of them talked, but I could not hear what they were saying. Tommy and Charles got into the car and Jimmy walked toward the house. They drove out of the gravel driveway as Jimmy stepped into the house. +

	"Are you ready to go?" he asked. +

	"Yes," I said. 1

	"Good." Jimmy wrapped his arms around me and kissed me. "Now, I'm going to do you a favour. I am supposed to blindfold you, but I am not going to."1

	My lips lifted into a smile. I got up on my toes and kissed him again. 1

	"Thank you," I said. +

	"We better get going," he said. "It's going to be a long drive."+

	He grabbed my hand and I followed him as he walked outside. He locked the door, and then we headed toward the truck. 1

	The last time I had been in the truck was the night that Charles found me at the club. I was so sedated that I could barely move as he buckled me in. That was the last night I ever had to go to that club. That was the first night of my new life. 2

 I was only a couple of steps in the house before a girl had her arms around my neck. Trying not to be rude, I put my hands around her waist. An awkward bump was between us. From the way that Jimmy was laughing, I could tell that I must have looked shocked. How else was I supposed to act? +

	When the girl pulled away from me, I could see that she had short auburn curls that ended at her shoulders. Her thin lips were spread into a gigantic smile. Her torso was swollen, and it was easy to tell she was pregnant. Seven months was my guess. +

	She tucked a piece of my hair behind my ear. Her touch was soft, and I could not stop myself from smiling. It had been so long since I had seen another feminine face. 2

	"You're so beautiful," she said. +

	"Emmie, get back here," a male voice said while snapping his fingers. 8

	She turned around and went back to him; almost hiding behind his shoulder. +

	This must be Taylor. It was easy to see the resemblance between him and Jimmy. The main difference was that his hair was shorter and he had freckles splattered across his face. Jimmy pushed me in front of him and laced his fingers through mine. +

	"She's right," Taylor said. "You got a pretty one." +

	"I know," Jimmy said, kissing the top of my head. "I'm lucky."+

	"Welcome to the family, Juliet," Taylor said. +

	"Thank you," I said. +

	Jimmy and Taylor both went out to the truck to get our bags. Emme went into the kitchen, so I followed her. +

	"Would you like something to drink?" she asked. +

	"No, thank you," I said. +

	She opened the fridge and pulled out a large blue plastic water bottle. It was only a quarter full. She unscrewed the cap and took a drink. +

	"Taylor makes me drink a couple of these a day," she said. "He told me that it makes the baby healthy. It makes it a boy."28

	She ran her hand down her belly, and I bit down on my lip. What if it was a girl? Or worse, what if she died giving birth?2

	I tried to shake these thoughts from my head. I had to believe that it was a healthy boy or I would never be able to look at Emme again. +

	Jimmy and Taylor came back inside, and Jimmy had our bag over his shoulder. They walked by us and up the stairs. I stayed in the kitchen because Jimmy did not tell me where to go.  They came back down the stairs and went into another room. Emme was leaning against the kitchen counter, so I did the same thing. +

	"How old are you, Juliet?" Emme asked. +

	She asked me a question. Girls must be able to ask other girls questions. Jimmy never told me that, so maybe she is just doing it because the boys can't hear us. I could hear their murmured voices in the next room. This was the second time today I could ask questions. +

	"I'm almost twenty," I said. "And you can call me Julie."4

	"Well, Julie," she said like she was exercising the new word on her tongue. "I'm twenty, so we don't have an age difference." 2

	"Yeah, I guess."+

	"My sister, Gabe's wife Lindsay, is seven years older than me. It's nice to have another girl my age here." 3

	I noticed that there was something weird about her nose. It would wiggle, almost representing a bunny rabbit. I had to control myself so that I did not copy her. I would not want to insult her. +

	"Do you ever get lonely during the day?" she asked. "I find that the day seems to drag on and on. I tend to talk to myself until Taylor comes inside. I love the days when we go to Noah's."+

	"Yes," I said. "It does tend to get a little annoying."+

	"Well, it's what? Less than two years until Tommy gets his girl? Just be happy that they were born close together. I could not imagine how long the days must have been for Lindsay. She at least had Jenny though. You'll love both of them. They're like a mother and sister that I never had."8

	I smiled. I had not put much thought into what it would be like when Tommy got his wife. It would be nice to have somebody in the house during the day with me, but would I have to mentor her in some way? +

	I was already sorry for Tommy's girl. She would be protected from the outside world, but she would be stuck with Tommy. I cringed to think of the way he touched me, and what he may do to his girl. 6

	Jimmy and Taylor came back into the kitchen. Jimmy put his arm around my waist, and Taylor put his hand on Emme's shoulder. She gulped down the rest of the water. +

	"Is dinner ready yet?" Taylor asked. +

	"It'll be done in a couple of minutes," she said. "I'm sorry. I wasn't sure when they'd be here, so I did not know when to put it in the oven."+

	"Okay. Jimmy and I will be outside for a bit."+

	"I'll try to keep it warm."+

	Taylor leaned in and kissed her. Jimmy kissed my cheek and patted my hip before letting me go. +

	Emme opened up the oven to check on the food inside. She cradled her belly as she bent down to see. It must be difficult to do all of this work at that size. +

	"Can I help you with anything?" I asked. +

	"The plates are in that cupboard over there and the cutlery is in the drawer, if you want," she said. "It's always nice to have a bit of help. Noah and Jenny come over a lot for dinner. I always love having another girl's help in the kitchen."+

	"Yeah, that must be nice," I said as I took the plates out of the cupboard. +

	I walked over to the dining room and began placing the plates down around the table. The only thing separating the two rooms was a counter and a glass cupboard full of mugs. Emme leaned forward, with her elbows on the counter, so that she could see me as she spoke. 3

	"It sucks that you don't have Marilyn," she said. "You're alone in the house all day."+

	"Marilyn?" I asked, setting down the last plate. +

	"Yeah, Charles' wife," she said. "I guess they don't talk about her too much. People deal with that kind of thing differently, you know?"+

	"Yeah."+

	I walked back into the kitchen and went to the drawer that she had pointed to earlier. I pulled out a handful of knives and forks and brought them over to the table. +

	"What did you do before you got here?" she asked. "And I don't mean like the car ride over. I mean before Charles brought you home."+

	I did not know what I was supposed to say to Emme. Jimmy never told me what to say. I did not want to start saying a bunch of stuff that he was trying to hide. I did not want him to be embarrassed by me. +

	"Don't be afraid," Emme said. It was like she was reading my mind. "This is just girl talk. I won't tell Taylor any of it. You can't tell Jimmy either though."+

	"Sounds good." I looked up to flash her a smile. "I was a stripper."+

	"Really?" she asked. "I can't see you as one. You seem so shy. Well, so shy to me, but that does not mean too much. People think that I talk too much, but I don't think so. I wasn't always this way though."1

	"Why are you now?" I asked. +

	I looked over at Emme to see her twirling one of her curls around her finger. She shrugged her shoulders. +

	"People would say that I fried my brain," she said, "but I don't believe so."+

	"Fried it?" I arched an eyebrow. "What? Were you sitting in the sun too long?"+

	She started to laugh and I giggled along with her. +

	"It's a brain, not an egg," she said. "I used to like to go out and have a lot of fun. I drank quite a bit, but that is not what they were talking about. I was taking every drug that I could get my hand on. I mostly did LSD, and that is what destroyed me. My parents even forced me to go to the hospital when they heard me talking to the voices."7

	"The voices?" I asked her, not trying to sound too shocked. +

	"You've never heard any?" she asked. "They forced me into the hospital and wanted to lock me away forever. When I got released, I ran away from my parents. A couple of days later Noah found me and brought me into the family. Taylor cares for me and does not care about the voices. Now, that is what love is."10

	The door opened, and Emme stepped back to pull the roast out of the oven. I finished putting the cutlery on the table. 1

	They sat down and we began to eat. +

I woke to a tingling sensation running down my arm. My eyes fluttered open to see Jimmy sitting on the edge of the bed. He had on a hoodie and a pair of jeans. He must have not set an alarm again. 1

	"Sleep well?" he asked. +

	"Yes." I dug the heel of my palm into my eye. +

	"Good, but you need to get up now."+

	I propped myself up on my elbow, and he leaned down to kiss me. +

	"We're going to Uncle Noah's for breakfast," he said. "You can meet the rest of the family."2

	"Okay," I said, leaning in for one more kiss. +

	I got out of bed and I put on the clothes that Jimmy had laid out for me. I was surprised to see that it was another dress. Jimmy must want me to look nice for the family. I slipped on the long black and white striped dress. There were no sleeves, so I rubbed my arms to try and generate some heat. Jimmy pulled out one of his sweaters and handed it to me. I slipped my arms through the thick warm sleeves. +

	When I was done, Jimmy grabbed my hand and pulled me out of the room. We went down into their living room. Emme and Taylor were sitting on the couch. 2

	"Morning," Taylor said. +

	He got up off the couch, and he helped Emme stand. She stretched out her back and dragged her feet toward us. Jimmy had my hand in a tight grip. +

	"You ready to head to my Dad's?" Taylor asked. +

	"Sure," Jimmy said. "Let's go."+

	Taylor opened the front door, and Emme followed him out. Jimmy guided me along beside him. +

	Taylor opened the door to the truck in the driveway. Emme opened the back door and slid in, so I followed her. Jimmy sat in the passenger seat. +

	"So you're thinking about getting another house?" Taylor asked Jimmy as he pulled out of the driveway. +

	"Yeah," Jimmy said. "I am hoping to get one before Julie is pregnant."+

	I subconsciously put my hand over my stomach. It could soon be as large as Emme's. She hasn't been with Taylor much longer than I have been with Jimmy, so I should be pregnant soon. Jimmy must be thinking the same thing. 2

	The truck shook violently as we drove over the rough road. Emme had her hand on the seat to keep her balance, so I did the same thing. It stopped my shoulder from slamming into the window. +

	The drive was short. I tried to ignore Jimmy and Taylor's conversation. If I kept listening to how I could be pregnant I would probably be sick. 1

	When the truck stopped, I helped Emme get out of the backseat. I looked at the house to see it was larger than either of the houses I have seen. The dirty white paint was flaking off.  A wooden deck was wrapped around the house. Long pieces of grass were sticking up from the gravel driveway. 2

	A little boy, only about five-years-old, came running out of the house. He was skinny, and he had on a pair of jeans with the bottoms rolled up. His shirt had a picture of Spider-Man on it, and I wondered if he even knew who that was. +

	"Uncle Taylor!" he squealed as he ran down the steps. Taylor picked him up as soon as he came near, and I watched as Emme went into the house.+

	"Hey, Buddy," Taylor said. "You remember Jimmy, right?"+

	The boy nodded his head and a smile appeared on his lips. Taylor handed him over to Jimmy, and Jimmy balanced him on his hip. Taylor went into the house. Jimmy said something to the boy and he looked over Jimmy's shoulder at me. +

	"Jared, this is my girl, Julie," Jimmy said. "Julie, this is Jared."5

	"Hi," he said quietly. +

	"Hello." I gave him a small wave. +

	"Are your parents inside?" Jimmy asked Jared. +

	He nodded and put two fingers in his mouth. 2

	"Mom is helping Grandma," he said. "They are waiting for you."+

	"Then we should go in," Jimmy said. +

	Jimmy put Jared back on the ground, and we watched as he ran into the house. Jimmy put his arm around my shoulders and pulled me close. +

	"Remember what I said yesterday," he said. "They do things a little differently, but it's all okay. I love you."1

	"I love you," I said. +

	I had no idea what he was trying to warn me about, but I knew that it was alright. I have to have faith in my family and remember that everything they are doing is to keep me safe. 11

	The porch creaked as we walked across it. Jimmy opened up the flimsy screen door and walked in. Jimmy grabbed my hand, pulled me through the hallway and into the kitchen. +

	Emme was standing beside the counter talking to another woman. She must be Lindsay. Her dark hair ended just below her ears. She had large blue eyes that made the rest of her features seem small. She had on a pair of jeans, and the sleeves of her sweater were rolled up. She was cutting apples, and looked up and smiled. Emme must have been giving her opinion on me. I was nervous about what it might be. 1

	"Hello," she said. +

	"Hi," Jimmy said. He pulled me so that I was standing in front of him. My feet skidded across the floor. "Julie, this is Lindsay. Lindsay, this is Julie. Do you know where Gabe is?"1

	"He's outside with Tommy and Dylan."+

	Jimmy let go of my hand and left the kitchen. He let go of me, so he must want me to stay here. Lindsay wiped her hands on a dish towel and walked toward me. +

	My eyes darted around the kitchen and I noticed a large curtain jutting out from the wall. The flimsy plastic formed a semi-circle. It looked like a shower curtain. I wondered why it would be in the kitchen. +

	"I need to hug you," Lindsay said as she extended her arms out toward me. I opened my arms and we were embracing each other. +

	"Mom!" Emme yelled out. "Jimmy's wife is here!"+

	I could hear a door open, and the floor creaked as someone walked across the house. Another woman entered the kitchen. She was in her fifties and her long grey hair was messy and pinned up. Her face lit up when she saw me. +

	"You're such a beautiful girl," she said. "I'm Jenny."+

	She reached out her arms and I was caught in another hug. +

	"Welcome to our home," Jenny said. "It's always nice to have another girl in the house."+

	She put her hands on my stomach and I jumped back. +

	"Are you pregnant yet?" she asked. +

	"No." I shook my head. +

	"Don't worry," she said. "It'll happen soon. It took Lindsay two years."+

	She patted my stomach. She grabbed my wrist and flipped my arm over. She pulled up the sleeve of my sweater. She traced her fingers along my tattoo. 2

	"It's true. You did scar yourself," she said. "It's beautiful though. Why'd you get it?"+

+

The girls and I spent the rest of the day inside to protect ourselves from the chilly autumn air. We were sitting around the dining room table. I had my hands wrapped around the warm mug of tea that Lindsay made. I had caught a glimpse of the boys playing baseball in the backyard. The baby, Theo, was swinging in a little carriage by Lindsay's feet. +

	We spent the day talking about our daily lives. We talked about cleaning and shared tips on cooking. 3

	We got up and began cooking. I was peeling potatoes as Emme was dicing vegetables. We told jokes and time seemed to fly by. It was much different than when I was home alone. The day typically dragged on while I waited for Jimmy to come inside, but this was fun. It made me a little excited for when Tommy gets his wife. 9

	Lindsay set the plates down around the dining room table. Once she finished, she went outside. I watched her through the window as she ran across the grass toward Gabe. She jumped onto Gabe's back and wrapped her arms around his neck. I could see her giggle as he spun them around. 7

	When she slid down his back, he spun her around. He unzipped his sweater and wrapped it around her. He snaked his arm around her back and kissed her before she ran back into the house. 5

	"They're coming," she said as she walked through the door. +

	I watched as the men walked toward the house. Theo started to scream and cry. I turned around to see Lindsay was rocking Theo. She shushed him as she tried to calm him down. His face was bright red and streaked with tears. Lindsay walked toward me. She had a bottle in one hand. +

	"Julie, can you do me a favour?" she asked, and I knew what was coming. "I've got to help Jenny, so can you feed Theo?"1

	I did not have time to answer before she shoved her son into my arms. I held the awkward weight as my heart pounded in my chest. I have never held a baby before and I did not want to drop him. She handed me the bottle before walking away. 1

	Theo was kicking out his arms and legs as he continued to scream. I balanced his weight in my one arm and held the bottle up to his lips. +

	His screams quieted as he sucked on the bottle. His little hands grabbed the bottle as he began to eat. I was afraid to move him again in case he would start crying again. A piece of my hair was hanging down and was brushing along his forehead. I tried to shake my hair over my shoulder, but I could not do it. 1

	The door creaked as the boys walked in. When Jimmy saw Theo and I, his lips lifted into a wide smile. It was one of the biggest smiles I have ever seen. He walked over and brushed the piece of hair out of my face and over my shoulder. He slipped his arm around my waist. +

	"You look good like that," he whispered in my ear. I was not sure if he was quiet to not disturb Theo or if he did not want his family to hear. +

	"Lindsay just handed him to me," I whispered back. +

	"You're going to be great with our sons." He kissed my temple. "I feel like it is going to be soon."+

	"You do?" I asked and then bit down on my lip. +

	I wasn't allowed to ask anything, but it seemed to slip out. I looked up at him to see that he was still smiling; he didn't look mad. I couldn't stop myself from letting my lips curl into a smile. +

	"I really think so," he said. "You're all settled in so this is the next big thing we need to do together."+

	I turned my head even more so that Jimmy could brush his lips against mine. It was easy for me to pretend that Theo was ours. He sat so happily in my arms as Jimmy kissed me. +

	Jimmy pulled away from me and I heard somebody clearing their throat. We both looked forward to see Emme standing there. Everyone else was gone, and they were all in the dining room. +

	"Now, you two are absolutely adorable, but I have to tell you that we are eating now," she said. Her voice was always upbeat and happy, and it made me wonder what she sounded like angry or upset. "You two better skedaddle into the dining room before food runs out."8

	"We'll be there in a second," Jimmy said. +

	"The longer you wait, the colder it gets," she warned us as she walked into the dining room. +

	We followed her. +

--+

	After we had dinner, it was already dark outside. We sat around the table and they were joking about the past. I kept subconsciously rubbing my belly. There was the possibility that I was pregnant, but I knew that I most likely was not. It wouldn't be long though. 8

	Later in the evening, we said our goodbyes and went back to Taylor and Emme's home. Jimmy and Taylor talked in the front seat as I stared at Emme. She was twisting her fingers in her curls as she was staring out of the window. She was humming and would mumble a few words to herself, but I could never understand what she was saying. 4

	Once we got to the house, I opened up the truck door and helped Emme get out. She kept her fingers entwined with mine as we walked to the front door. She yawned and Taylor wrapped his arm around her shoulders. +

	"We should get you to bed," Taylor said. +

	"Probably," she said. She leaned her head against his shoulder. Our fingers were still laced together, so I was closer to them than I was comfortable with. +

	"We should probably be heading to bed soon too," Jimmy said.+

Taylor opened the door and Emme let go of my hand. She wrapped her arms around me and there was an awkward bump between us. I was afraid to hug her too tightly and hurt the baby. +

"Good night, Julie," she said. "I loved spending the day with you and I cannot wait for tomorrow. You two try to get some sleep once you are in bed, and not do too much else."+

I could see Taylor over Emme's shoulder laughing and shaking his head. He pinched the bridge of his nose, and I could hear Jimmy laugh behind me. +

"Don't worry," Jimmy said. "We won't be keeping you up."+

The heat rushed up to my cheeks. This was something that I never heard them talk about. +

We all said goodnight and Taylor and Emme went upstairs. We followed behind him. As soon as Jimmy closed the bedroom door, he had his arms around my waist and was kissing my neck. It caught me off guard and I giggled. He shuffled me forward and spun me around when I got to the foot of the bed. I sat down on the foot of the bed. He got down on his knees so that we were at the same level. 2

"I told you that you are going to love our family," he said. +

"Yeah, they're nice," I said. +

"I know you had fun."+

"I did." I leaned in closer so that I could whisper and make sure that no one else in the house could hear us. "Emme is a bit of a chatterbox though."+

"I've noticed that," he whispered back. +

He got up off of his knees to kiss me. My hands ran up his chest and into his hair. +

	"Let's get some sleep," he said. "I have a feeling that tomorrow is going to be an even better day."2

 When I woke in the morning, all I could hear was the sound of the rain on the roof. I rolled over in the bed to see Jimmy curled on his side. The scarred side of his face was resting against the pillow. I got up and leaned over to kiss his cheek. He stirred, but he did not wake up. I moved a couple of strands of hair off of his face and kissed his neck. +

	Jimmy groaned and rolled onto his back, making me roll with him. His eyes were barely open, but he was smiling. +

	"What are you doing?" he asked before yawning. +

	"I woke up," I said. +

	Jimmy laughed before he rolled us over so that he was on top of me. He leaned down to kiss me, and I wrapped my arms around his neck. 1

	"I love you," he said. +

	"I love you too."4

	He leaned down and continued to kiss me. 25

--+

	It was still raining by the time we got to Noah's. The men stayed around the dining room table playing cards, and the girls were in the kitchen baking. 8

	Jared was running around with a large golden retriever that he must have brought from their home. They were running around in the rain and jumping into puddles. Lindsay muttered something about how he is going to catch a cold. 3

	We could hear the men shout and laugh from the dining room, and we even shared a couple of our own jokes. The house was filled with the delicious smell of our baking. Lindsay had brought a plate of cookies into the dining room. +

	I looked out the window to see Jared sprinting toward the house. He must have finally gotten cold enough that he wants to come inside. He ran across the porch and into the house. +

	"Honey, don't run across the house in your wet clothes!" Jenny yelled out as she reached out for his arm. +

	Jared pulled his arm out of her grasp and ran straight into the dining room. +

	"Dad! Dad! Dad!" he kept screaming until he made it into the dining room. Jenny was chasing him. Lindsay followed behind her, and Emme was close behind Lindsay. I did not want to be alone in the kitchen, so I followed. +

	"What is it?" Gabe asked. +

	"I saw two of them!" he shouted. "They were down by the road!"+

	"Two?" he asked, getting up out of his chair. +

	"Yeah." Jared nodded. "They're in their car."6

	"They must be hiding from the rain," Noah said. +

	I looked over at Jimmy to see that his face went pale. I remembered the warnings he gave me about the family. He said that they killed differently, and he must not want me to see this. +

	"Jared, go show us where you found them," Gabe said. "Jimmy, Tommy, and Taylor come with me."+

	They all nodded their heads and got up from their seats. I moved away from the doorway so that they could walk past me. Jimmy was the last one to leave. He slipped his arm around my waist and pulled me to the side. He cupped my face in his hands. His face was covered in fear. +

	"Remember that I love you," he said. "All we ever do is what is best for you. Do you understand that?"3

	"Yes."

	"Tell me."+

	"You love me and do what is best for me."+

	"Come on, Jimmy!" Taylor yelled out. +

	I looked over Jimmy's shoulder to see Taylor waiting impatiently by the door. The rest of them had already ran outside. Jimmy leaned in and kissed me before letting go of me and running out the door. +

	Charles and Noah walked out of the dining room and into the kitchen. They each pulled out a chair and sat down. Dylan went over to the shower curtain that was jutting out from the wall. He pulled it back and the bile was rising in the back of my throat. +

	The tiles on the wall were covered in dried blood, and there was a cement lip lining out a square. There was a drain on the bottom and lines of dried blood were swirling into it. Two large hooks were dangling from the ceiling. 1

	They were about to kill them in front of us. 6

	Emme and Jenny sat down like they were about to watch a show. Lindsay ran up the stairs and came back with a stack of towels. She dropped them on the counter and leaned against the wall. 1

	Charles looked over at me and smirked. My stomach twisted into a knot. I crossed my arms over my chest to hide the fact that my whole body was shaking. +

	"What's wrong, Juliet?" he asked. +

	"Nothing." I struggled to stop my voice from wavering. +

	"Good," he said. "We are going to see whether or not Jimmy has really trained you well."9

	Tommy and Taylor came in with the first person. It was a girl who was kicking and screaming as she tried to get out of their grasp. Tommy was carrying her by her arms and had a hand over her mouth to muffle her screams. Dylan pulled out a dining room chair and set it next to the contraption with the hooks. +

	They carried the girl over to the chair as she thrashed in their grasp. They were soaking wet and caused a trail of puddles to follow them. My heart was pounding, and I dug my nails into my arms to try and control my breathing. +

	Dylan ran out of the kitchen and grabbed a bundle of rope. They set her down in the chair, and they held her arms as Dylan tied her to the chair. Next, they each held down a leg as Dylan tied her up. +

	She kept on screaming and it caused my ears to ring. Theo started to cry, and Lindsay was trying to calm him down in her arms. The girl's face was red and tears were streaming down her cheeks. Her face was chubby, and she was a heavier-set girl. Her long strands of blonde hair were plastered to her face with tears. I guessed that she was in her early thirties. +

	"Somebody shut her up!" Noah said. +

	Tommy went over to the sink and grabbed the dish towel. He rolled it up, shoved it in her mouth, and tied it behind her head. She hung her head down, and her body shook as she sobbed. 3

	The door opened again and Jimmy and Gabe walked in. Jimmy's back was to me as he was carrying the arms of a large man while Gabe had his feet. He must be the woman's boyfriend or husband. The woman looked up and started screaming again when she saw the man. I gasped when I saw him. Blood was pouring out of his stomach and his face had gone completely pale. 2

	Jared was right behind them and was holding a knife in his hand. The blade was covered in blood. I was nauseous just thinking about this little boy stabbing someone. 28

	"Boys, get him hanging before he ruins my floor," Jenny said. 2

	Gabe and Jimmy carried him over to the weird shower thing and set him down. They each grabbed a hook and pulled it down. I watched as they hooked each one into the man's leg. His faint moans of pain were almost not audible over the woman's muffled screams. Gabe grabbed the final rope hanging from the ceiling and began to pull it so that the man's body was hoisted up into the air. The blood from his abdomen dripped down his face and into the drain. +

	"Looks like you will be eating well for a while," Charles said. "You got a couple of heifers here."26

	Jimmy grabbed one of the towels off of the counter. He wiped his face with it and dried his hands as he walked over toward me. My eyes and nose burned with the tears that threatened to erupt. I wanted to get out of this house. I did not want to witness what was about to happen. +

My head was pounding when I was conscious again. I squinted at the sun shining through the windows. The light caused my head to throb even more. I looked to the side to see that I was alone in the room. I tried to roll onto my side, but my hands were stuck above my head. I looked up to see that they were tied to the headboard with rope. 3

The last time Jimmy did this to me was when I threatened to kill myself. This must have been the way that I acted at Noah's. I tried to behave, but this was all new to me. Jimmy told me that it is only scary because it is new, and I had to believe him.  1

	I started pulling my hands down, and the rope burned into my flesh. The muscles in my arms ached and I continued to try and free myself. +

	The door opened and I stopped moving. Emme walked in, and her swollen belly led the way. Her auburn curls were pinned behind her head. She had on a large sweater. I could see steam rising from the bowl in her hands. She raised her eyebrows and smiled when she saw that I was awake. +

	"You're up," she said. "I wasn't sure when I should come up. I checked on you a few times, but you were still asleep. I had a feeling you would be awake now though. Have you been awake for long?"1

	"No," my dry voice cracked. +

	"Good." She sat down on the edge of the bed. She put the bowl on the nightstand. She fixed the blankets so that they were tucked around me. "Try to get comfy."+

	"Untie me, please," I said as I pulled down on the ropes again. +

	My face winced in pain as the rope rubbed against my skin. Emme smiled when she shook her head. Her nose did its little wiggle twitch. +

	"You know I can't," she said. "Taylor has given me strict orders not to. You understand that I can't do that. The boys will always tell us what is best for us, so I can't go against what he says."8

	"Please," I begged. "Just for an hour, or maybe even a couple of minutes. It really hurts."+

	"I told you I can't," I said. "Just try to get as comfy as you can. Do you want any more blankets or pillows? Maybe that'll help? I have some oatmeal for you. Lift up your head and I'll give you another pillow."2

	Emme leaned across me and I lifted my head as she tucked the spare pillow behind my head. My shoulders felt a slight relief, but my arms still ached. Emme grabbed the bowl and stirred the spoon in the oatmeal. +

	"Can you untie me so that I can at least eat?" I asked. +

	"Nope," she said, shaking her head. "I already told you that I can't. Just open your mouth and I'll feed you." She giggled. "This will be good practice for when my son is born."12

	I groaned and pressed my forehead against my arm. I did not want to lie here and be fed like a baby. I should not have caused such a scene yesterday. +

	"Don't be difficult," she said. "It won't be that bad." +

	I rolled my head off of my arm and scowled at her. My stomach was empty and it grumbled. Emme smirked and I knew she heard it too. +

	"Open up," she said, filling the spoon full of oatmeal and bringing it to my lips. I opened my mouth and she fed me. The strong taste of brown sugar filled my mouth. +

	"Wasn't difficult, was it?" she asked, raising an eyebrow. +

	I stayed quiet as she gave me another mouthful of oatmeal. +

	"You know, I was a complete mess when I first watched them kill someone too," she said. "I was here for maybe five months or so - you know how hard it is to keep track of time here -  before someone came onto our property. Anyways, I had just learned about their traditions, but I had never seen them before. One day Jenny and I were cleaning the bathroom, and there was all of this screaming coming from downstairs. By the time we got down there, she was already hoisted up by the hooks. +

	"I started screaming and I could not stop myself from screaming. It was like seeing something out of a horror movie. Taylor made me watch before he locked me in our room for a couple of days. Every time they killed they made me watch, and guess what?"+

	"What?" I asked before she filled my mouth full of food again. +

	"It got easier," she said. "Taylor told me that at Charles' they kill in the basement and not in front of the girls. If you ever come here again and have to watch them kill, I promise that it gets easier. Thanks to them we always have food on the table and never go hungry."+

	"There are other ways that we could get meat," I said. "They don't have to kill people."2

	"But this protects us. No one is going to hurt us now. I imagine that the outside world must have been pretty cruel to you."2

	"Yeah."+

	I did not want to think back to what those men used to do to me in that strip club. Jimmy had hurt me a few times, but it was to teach me a lesson. It was for my own good. I'm better because of it. Those men in the club only did it for their own pleasure. 7

	Emme leaned forward and tucked the blanket around me. I raised my shoulders and stretched out my sore muscles. She moved the pieces of stray hair off of my face and tucked them behind my ears. +

	"Get some more sleep," she said. "Jimmy told me that he wants you to sleep so that you will feel better. Taylor and he are over at Noah's. I'd love to spend the whole day together and have some girl time, but I have to clean. I'll check on you soon, okay?"+

	"Okay," I said. +

	I knew that it would be a struggle to sleep with the pain running down my arms and my shoulders. +

	Emme gave me a smile before she closed the bedroom door behind her. I could hear her humming as she walked down the hallway. +

	I was going to be stuck here waiting until Jimmy got back from Noah's. 1

--1

	Time seemed to drag on forever as I waited. The pain between my shoulders became more intense and spread down to my back. I wiggled on the bed to try and find a comfy spot, but it only made the pain worse. I stopped moving and curled my fingers in and out. They had gone numb a long time ago. +

	My stomach was aching with hunger. I could see through the window that it had become dark outside. I listened as Jimmy and Taylor came back a while ago, and I could hear the clanging sound of plates as they ate dinner. They were leaving me up here. 6

	This definitely was part of my punishment. I don't blame Jimmy though. I must have embarrassed him in front of his family yesterday with all of my crying. I had to learn how to behave myself. I could not let Jimmy stay mad at me, and I need to thank him for everything that he was doing for me. 7

	I waited until I heard someone climbing the stairs. The door opened and Jimmy walked in. His lips lifted into a faint smile when he saw me. He sat down on the edge of the bed and brushed my hair off of my forehead. +

	"Julie," he said. +

	"I'm so sorry," my croaky voice began to apologize. +

	"Don't," he cut me off. I shut my mouth. "You were doing such a good job."+

	"I'm sorry. I-"+

	"Be quiet! Don't say another word until I tell you to. You were such a good girl and now you are acting out. All I have ever done is love and protect you, and this is how you thank me? You've embarrassed me in front of my entire family. They love you, and you are not appreciating that. Next time we see them your attitude better change drastically. You have to prove to them that you are the good girl that I know you are. Understand?"24

	I nodded and a tear rolled down my cheek. Jimmy reached over the top of me and undid the ropes. I gasped out in pain as I moved my sore joints. Jimmy watched me as I stretched out my muscles. He reached out and pulled me onto his lap. +

	He tightened his arms around me and stroked my hair. If he was holding me like this, it must mean that he was not mad at me anymore. I really hoped he was not because I did not want to be punished more. +

	"No sleeping in tomorrow," he said. "We're leaving in the morning."+

	I looked at Jimmy shocked. He was so excited about coming to see his cousins, and now after a few days, we were going home early. There would definitely be a punishment waiting for me at home. +

	"Jimmy, please," I said. "I'm so sorry. I do not want to ruin your time with your family."+

	"It's okay," he said. "I get three days alone with you in the house. No Tommy, no work, just us."+

	I leaned and kissed Jimmy. I got three days without Tommy's sickening stares and smirks. It was a reward instead of a punishment. +

	There was the sound of laughter coming from downstairs. Jimmy grabbed me and threw me off of his lap and onto the bed. He got up off of the bed and walked over to our suitcase. He had his back to me as he pulled out some clothes. 1

	"Jimmy," I said. +

	"What?" he asked, clearly annoyed. 9

	"How can I show you I'm sorry?" I asked. +

	Jimmy let out a deep breath and stood straight. His eyes scanned my body. I looked down at myself to see that I was just wearing one of his T-shirts and a pair of underwear. Jimmy bit down on his lip and kneeled on the bed. +

	"Take off your clothes," he said. 14

	"Excuse me?" I asked. +

	"Are you questioning me?" he asked. "I want you to make this up to me. You screwed up big. The only way I can see you making this up to me is by giving me a son."23

	"Jimmy, I know that -" I started. +

	"Are you saying no to me?"+

	I bit down on my lip and shook my head. He reached out and ran his fingers through my hair. +

	"Good," he said. "Now, take off your clothes."+

	I let out a shaky breath as I reached for the bottom of my shirt. Jimmy and I have been talking about children for a while now, so I can not let it bother me now. We were going to have a son because that was what was going to make us happy. 1

	"I love you," Jimmy said. +

	"I love you too," I said. 1

	I pulled my shirt over my head. Jimmy was soon on top of me, and he was kissing my neck and my chest. His hands reached for the waistband of my underwear. I closed my eyes and thought about the little baby that Jimmy and I would be holding in our arms. 11

Once we got home, Jimmy and I spent the next three days in bed. Jimmy would get out of bed for around an hour in the morning and go outside. I would stay in the kitchen and cook breakfast as I waited for him to go back inside. We would eat fast, and Jimmy even helped me do the dishes so that we could go upstairs quicker. 1

	We would come back downstairs when we got hungry again. +

	On the night before Tommy and Charles came back, we were lying in bed together. I was lying on my back, and Jimmy was leaning over top of me. He had his weight propped on his elbow and his fingers in my hair. I traced my fingers down his bare chest. 1

	"You're so beautiful," he said. "You're going to be such a great mother."+

	"You're going to be a great father," I said. 4

	He smiled and leaned down to kiss me. I slid my hands around his neck and deepened our kiss. He pulled away from me and kissed my forehead. I cupped his face in my hands and traced my thumb along his scar. +

	"We'll have good boys," he said. "You're a lot like my mother."4

	"You haven't told me much about her," I said. +

	I had to choose my words carefully. I have seen him get upset whenever someone mentioned her name. Charles told me about how upset Jimmy was after she died. It was such a sweet moment we were having, and I did not want him to get upset. +

	Jimmy's smile dropped for a second, but it returned. +

	"She died when I was nine," he said. "No one thinks that I remember much about her, but I remember a lot. I loved her so much."+

	"I'm so sorry, Jimmy," I said. +

	"Tommy and I used to get into the same bed at night and she would read to us," he said. "She'd give us a kiss goodnight, and then she would check on us a while later before she would go to bed. Tommy would always be asleep, but I was awake. I would pretend to be asleep because it was nice to hear her sneak in and give us extra blankets so that we would not get cold."+

	"That sounds so sweet."+

	"Yes, it was."+

	He took in a sharp breath. His eyes were shining with tears. He must never talk about her to anyone. I remembered the family saying he was too sensitive. He must be scared to talk about her. +

	"She used to keep journals," he said. "Tommy and I aren't supposed to know about her life before she came into the family. We wouldn't want our sons knowing that you worked in that club, would we?" 3

	"No," I said. +

	"Good girl." He gave me a quick kiss. "Dad does not know that I found her journals. It was when I was a teenager, and I was looking through boxes in the basement for clothes that would fit me. I opened one of the boxes and found a stack of notebooks Mom was writing in. I took them up to my room without Dad or Tommy noticing."+

	"They must have been nice to have."+

	"It's like I have her here with me. But she wrote about her past, and I was not supposed to know anything about that."1

	I stroked his cheek and nodded. I was unsure if he would continue to talk. +

	"She had run away from her family a few years before Grandpa found her," he said. "She never really had a place to stay, and she had all of these boyfriends that would abuse her. She was so much happier once she got here. She's just like you. She finally has a real loving family."+

"I love it here," I said. 10

"I know." He kissed me again. "Being alone for these past couple of days makes me want to get our own house even more. I love Dad and Tommy, but I like being able to stay just like this. It's so nice to be alone."+

"Yeah."+

He kissed me again, and I tightened my arms around his neck. His hand ran up my thigh and I giggled as he rolled us over. 3

--1

Jimmy and I were sitting around the table after breakfast. Jimmy had pushed his plates to the side and told me to do the same. He grabbed the deck of cards and shuffled them. He taught me the rules to the game that he and Tommy always play after dinner. 1

He played with me at a slow pace and continued to explain and repeat the rules to me when it was my turn to play. He had tried to teach me before, but Tommy would get annoyed that it would take me so long. We played over and over until I got the hang of it. I even won a game. +

When I heard the stones of the gravel driveway crunch, I picked up the breakfast plates and brought them over to the sink. Jimmy put the cards back into the pack. +

Tommy was the first one to walk in. He had a bag thrown over his shoulder. He looked at Jimmy before smirking at me. I kept my focus on the soapy water as I washed the dishes. He set his bag down and walked over to me. +

"I see that somebody has calmed down," he said wryly. He grabbed my arms and pulled them out of the water. He turned my arms over like he was examining my skin. "And no bruises or cuts either I see."+

"Let go of her!" Jimmy's chair screeched across the floor as he stood. +

"I'm just taking a look, Jim," Tommy said. +

I tried to pull my arms away, but Tommy tightened his grip on my wrists. I gasped and looked over at Jimmy. He stormed over to Tommy and ripped him off me. I held my arms close to my chest and backed up against the counter. +

"Stop touching my girl!" Jimmy yelled. 1

"Lighten up," Tommy said. "Gabe seemed to be touching her enough the other night and you weren't complaining."3

Jimmy balled up his fist and swung at Tommy. He leaned back, so Jimmy's fist connected with the bottom of his jaw. I watched as he balled up his own fist and aimed for Jimmy's stomach. 3

The front door opened, and Charles walked in. His jaw dropped when he saw them fighting and slammed the door shut. Jimmy and Tommy backed away from each other. +

"Not even home for five minutes and you two are already fighting?" Charles asked. "I expected more from you."+

"Tommy keeps touching her," Jimmy said. +

"I -" Tommy started to argue. +

"I don't want to hear it!" Charles said. "Bring your bags upstairs and get outside. Jimmy, come out with me in a few minutes."+

They both nodded. Tommy picked his bag up off the floor and headed up the stairs. Jimmy slipped his arms around my waist. I still had my arms against my chest. Charles focused his attention on me. +

"How are you feeling, Juliet?" he asked. +

"I'm feeling better," I said. Jimmy's arms tightened his arms around me. The other night Jimmy said I had to apologize for my behaviour at Noah's. It was the only thing that he mentioned about that night. "I'm sorry for the way that I acted at Noah's."+

"We love you, Juliet," he said. "Remember to appreciate that."7

I nodded. He picked his bag up. Tommy ran down the stairs and glared at Jimmy and I. Jimmy leaned down and kissed my cheek. Tommy's glare hardened as he ran outside. I looked up to see Jimmy smirking. +

"Be ready to be outside soon," Charles warned Jimmy before he went upstairs. +

Jimmy ran his hands up my back. He grabbed my chin and tilted my head up so that he could kiss me. +

"Remember that you're my good girl," he said. 3

"I'm yours," I said. 3

The days melted together and seemed to become one. I spent days cleaning and cooking while the boys were outside. Jimmy and Tommy had not gotten into another fight, but Tommy kept that stupid smirk on his lips. Jimmy and I would always go to our room after dinner and he would talk about our sons. 1

	Days passed by. Possibly even weeks. Maybe even months. 6

	I had lost track of time. I was happy with my daily routine. There were no more fights, I hadn't gotten in trouble, Tommy didn't touch me, and they did not go out hunting. Life seemed perfect to me. They were my loving family that gave me a happy home. +

	We were sitting at the table after dinner one day, and that was when I realized how much time had passed by. I was at the sink washing the dishes and Charles was going through their mail. +

	"Here's a letter from Taylor," he said. +

	My hands stayed in the water, but I turned my head so that I could see him rip open the envelope. He pulled out a piece of paper and unfolded it. I continued to wash the dishes as he silently read. +

	"What is it?" Jimmy asked. His voice was soft and concerned. +

	I could not see Charles' face, but from the tone of Jimmy's voice I could tell that it was not good news. +

	"Emme had his baby," he said. "It was a girl."18

	My stomach twisted into a knot. The plate that I was washing slipped from my hand and into the water. I gasped and picked it up praying that it did not crack. +

	"Better luck next time," Tommy said. 17

	"You seriously can't say that," Jimmy said. +

	"Oh, come on," Tommy said. "It took Gabe and Lindsay like two years to get Jared. They obviously weren't doing it right."7

	"You don't know that."+

	"All I know is that Taylor - unlike you - actually got his girl pregnant."7

	"Thomas!" Charles said. +

	I had not turned around while they were arguing. A chair screeched across the floor. +

	"It's been almost six months, Jim," Tommy said. "But to be fair, we all expected that from you."2

	Another chair was knocked over. I turned around to see Jimmy leaning over the table. Charles held up his hand to silence them. +

	"That's it," Charles said. "Thomas, go up to your room. You too, James. I don't want to hear another word from either of you or there will be severe consequences. Understand?"6

	They both nodded. Tommy ran up the stairs. When Jimmy heard Tommy's door slam shut, he went upstairs. I picked up the dish towel and began drying the dishes. Charles let out a deep breath and sank back in his chair and shook his head. He pulled out his book and began reading. +

	Charles hadn't said anything as I put away the dishes. When I walked past the table, I picked up the chair that Jimmy had knocked over. Charles watched me as I walked over to the stairs. +

	"Juliet," he called out. +

	I turned on my heels. "Yes?"+

	"Come here," he said, gesturing over to the chair that I had just picked up. "I want to talk to you for a bit."+

	"Okay," I said as I walked. +

	I pulled out the chair, and Charles set his book down on the table. I pulled at the sleeves of the sweater that Jimmy had given me. Talking to Charles always made me nervous. +

	"Now, I know that women in the outside world do things differently," he said. "I just want to make sure that you have not done anything to stop yourself from having children."+

	"I don't understand," I said. +

	"I know that women mess with nature," he said. "I just want to make sure you have not had any kind of surgeries or done anything to ruin your body. If you have, you need to tell Jimmy and he'll have to figure out what to do with you."8

	My heart pounded in my chest. I shook my head.

	"No," I said. "Not at all."+

	"Good," Charles said with a smile. "It would be a shame for him to have such a good girl like you and not be able to have any sons."+

	"It just takes a bit sometimes."+

	"You two are having sex, aren't you?"21

	My jaw dropped at his question. I was not expecting Charles to ask me something like that. +

	"Yeah," I said. "Yeah, we are."+

	"That's good," he said. "You are right. Sometimes it takes a bit of time, but remember how patient we are with you. Patience can run thin quickly."22

	"I'll remember that."+

	"Good. Now, go upstairs and spend time with Jimmy."2

	"Thank you."+

	"Have a nice night."5

	He picked up his novel and continued to read. I hurried up the stairs. I went down the hall, and I was happy to get away from that conversation. +

	When I walked into our bedroom, Jimmy was lying across the bed with a book in his hand and his other arm behind his head. He set down the book. He cocked his head to the side to motion for me to come closer. I laid down on the bed next to him. +

	"Where were you?" he asked. +

	"Your Dad was talking to me," I said. +

	"About what?"1

	"Just about our sons."+

	Jimmy chuckled and propped himself up on his elbow. +

	"Want to try again?" he asked. 15

	I giggled and nodded my head as he leaned down and kissed me. 3

---+

	I struggled to fall asleep. All I could think about was Emme and her baby. She must have cried so hard when she discovered that it was a girl. I wondered if she begged and pleaded for Taylor to let her keep her baby. I know that is what I would have done. 2

	I could not imagine Jimmy killing our baby. He's much more sensitive than the rest of the family. I would stand a chance of being able to keep my daughter. If we lived in a different house, Jimmy would not have to listen to Charles. 10

--1

	It was dark outside, and the boys had not come inside yet. Dinner was warming in the oven. I pulled the multi-colored crochet blanket off of the back of the couch and wrapped it around my shoulders. I curled up into a ball on the couch. I picked up one of the novels off of the end table and flipped through the pages. +

	I was never into reading, but I liked it when Jimmy read to me. He had not read to me since when I first came here. I hoped that he would do it again soon, but I was too afraid to ask. +

	The door creaked open, and there was a clicking noise making its way across the house. I lowered the book and there was a large weight on top of me. Something wet ran up my face and I threw my hands out to feel something soft. +

	There was a dog on my lap. +

	"I see you've met Buster, Jules," Tommy said. 6

	I pulled my face away from the dog licking me. It was a large yellow labrador with soft golden fur. Drool was dripping out of his mouth and he had a red collar on. +

	"Buster?" I asked. +

	"Yeah, that is what his collar says," he said. He reached out for the dog's collar and twisted it so that the metal was in his hands. I saw BUSTER written across the tarnished metal. +

	The door opened again, and Buster jumped off of my lap and ran across the house. Fine strands of the dog's fur were covering my black sweater and the couch. I cursed under my breath when I thought about having to clean that every day. +

	"Hey there," I could hear Jimmy say. +

	I got up off the couch and went into the kitchen. Jimmy was sitting on the floor and petting Buster. The dog rolled over onto his back so that Jimmy was rubbing his belly. The door opened and Charles walked in. +

	"The dog may be a new part of our family," Charles said, "but he is not staying in the house all the time."2

	I sighed in relief to know I would not spend every day cleaning dog fur. A door slammed shut and Tommy walked back into the kitchen. I realized that he must have been in the basement. He dropped a bone onto the floor. 8

	The basement is where they had dragged people down when they had come onto the property. The last people they had brought down were those hitchhikers a few months ago. I did not think that they would keep the bones. 3

	"He's sleeping out in the yard," Charles said. "He can stay out with the chickens. And he only eats after us. We're running low on food and we are not wasting it on an animal."6

	"Yeah, for sure," Jimmy said, getting up off of the floor. +

	"He can eat the bones, Dad," Tommy said. "We don't use them and they are all that dogs need."12

	"We'll see about that," Charles said. "Is dinner ready, Juliet?"+

	"It's waiting in the oven," I said. +

	"Good," he said. "Now, boys, get washed up for dinner."+

	I went over to the cupboard and started to set the table. They all went upstairs, and the dog stayed down with me. He followed me as I pulled the roast out of the oven. I almost tripped on him as I carried it over to the table. 1

	Buster abandoned me when Jimmy came back down the stairs. He ran over to Jimmy, and Jimmy scratched him behind his ear. +

	"He's cute, isn't he?" Jimmy said. +

	"Yes he is," I said. "Your Dad said we're low on food, so wouldn't we...well...you know...with the dog..."+

	Jimmy laughed at me as I trailed off. He shook his head and continued to scratch the dog. +

	"Come on, Julie," he said. "We're not monsters." 112

+

Buster stayed outside most days. For a few nights, Jimmy would let him into the house and I hated how he would follow me around the kitchen with a bone in his mouth. I kept tripping over him and having to push him out of the way. He would be panting, and drool would be dripping out of his mouth. 3

	I preferred the sound of him panting. It was better than the sound of him gnawing on the bone. 1

	One morning, I was sitting in the rocking chair in our room. Flashes of what happened at Noah's played through my mind, but I tried to push those thoughts away. I focused on the sound of running water as Jimmy was taking a shower. +

	Jimmy came out of the bathroom running a towel over his wet hair. Charles had told us last night that he and Tommy were going into town today. I could hear them moving around downstairs, and I was excited for them to go. I loved being alone with Jimmy. +

	Jimmy pulled out a set of clothes for me to wear. I changed into the clothes, and he watched me as I buttoned up the shirt. He threw the towel into the bathroom and ran his fingers through his dark hair. I went into the bathroom, grabbed the brush, and ran it through my tangled hair. It had grown quite a few inches since I came to the house. +

	"Do you think I should cut it?" I asked. 2

	I knew I wasn't supposed to be asking questions, but being alone with Jimmy made me feel safe.+

	"Cut what?" he asked. 6

	"My hair," I said, twisting a strand around my finger. "Lindsay and Emme both have short hair. Do you think mine would look good like that?"+

	Jimmy slid his hands around my waist and pulled me against his body. Jimmy nuzzled his face in my neck before kissing my cheek. He took one hand off of my waist and twirled a piece of my hair around his finger. +

	"No," he said. "It looks much better this way. I don't like it when girls cut all of their hair off. Yours is staying long."3

	"It would always grow back," I said. +

	"Julie, I said no."12

	I bit down on my lip. He patted my hip before taking a step back. He grabbed my hand and we walked down into the kitchen. +

	Charles was counting through the stack of bills in his pocket when we got downstairs. His back was to us, but I could see him put each twenty-dollar bill down on the counter. I could see Tommy through the window over the sink. He was loading something into the back of the truck. +

	"Going so soon?" Jimmy asked. +

	"We were just about to leave," Charles said. He grabbed the stack of bills, folded them, and shoved them into the pocket of his jacket. "I have to talk to you two though."+

	"What's it about?" Jimmy asked. +

	"You both know that we are running low on food," he said. "When you're cooking tonight, don't use any meat. We'll be rationing it out until we go hunting again."+

	"Can't you buy some meat today?" I asked. 6

	Charles glared at me. My face went pale, and I took a step to the side so that I was hiding behind Jimmy. My gaze dropped to the floor. +

	"Julie," Jimmy snapped. "Be quiet."+

	"Only cook meat when I tell you to," Charles told me. "There should be someone soon."+

	"She won't," Jimmy said. +

	"Good." Charles looked over his shoulder to see Tommy closing the back of the truck. "We better get going. We should be home before it gets dark."+

	"Good luck," Jimmy said. +

	"Have a good day, you two."+

	Charles walked out of the house. Jimmy and I watched out the window as the truck pulled out of the driveway. Jimmy grabbed my arm and pulled me out from behind his back. I was expecting him to be furious, but instead, he sat down on the chair and pulled me down onto his lap. +

	"We're finally alone," he said. "I love you so much."+

	He leaned in and kissed me. His arms tightened around me as our kiss deepened. I put my hand on his shoulder, and my other hand ran up into his damp hair. +

	"I love you too," I said once he pulled away. +

	His hand ran down my back and onto my leg. He rubbed my thigh. +

	"How about you go and get us some breakfast?" he asked. +

	"Okay," I said. +

	I leaned in and gave him one more quick kiss before getting up off of his lap. I pulled out one of the pots and began preparing our usual oatmeal. +

	"How did you sleep last night?" he asked. +

	I looked over my shoulder to see him shuffling the pack of cards that always sits on top of the table. +

	"Really good," I said. "What about you?"+

	"Yeah," he said. "Good too."+

	I took a quick glance up out of the window and then had to look again. White flakes began to fall from the sky and my lips lifted into a smile. I have lost track of all time since I have come here. +

	"What's the date?" I asked. +

	"What?" he asked. +

	"The date," I said. "What day is today?"+

	"November 14th." Jimmy shrugged his shoulders. That told me that he was guessing, but it was closer than any guess I had. "Why?"3

	"Because it's snowing," I said. +

	"It's what?" He finally looked up from his deck of cards. +

	He leaned back to see out of the window. A smile grew across his lips, and he got up out of his chair and came over to me. We watched the snowflakes dance in the air before they dusted the grass. It was so beautiful to watch. +

	"Come on," Jimmy said, cocking his head to motion toward the kitchen door. +

	I followed him as he removed the chain from around his neck. The key was dangling at the end, and my heart pounded in my chest. I haven't had a breath of fresh air since we came back from Noah's. +

	Jimmy opened the door and pulled me onto the porch. I took in a deep breath, and it felt like heaven in my lungs. The cold air bit at my skin, but I did not care. Jimmy ran down the steps of the porch and I followed him onto the grass. His shoes left a track in the snow. I did not know where Jimmy kept my shoes because I almost never needed them. The cold snow was biting on my bare toes and was causing my feet to burn. +

	Jimmy looked down at my feet. He shook his head as he chuckled. +

	"A little anxious to get out here?" he asked.+

	"I don't know where my shoes are," I said. +

	"Jump up," he said. +

	I locked my fingers behind his neck and jumped up toward him. He grabbed the back of my thighs and I wrapped my legs around his waist. The snowflakes were settling and melting into his hair. I watched as the snow fell into the indentation of the scar on his cheek. I kissed him. His lips were cold against mine. 17

	I loved the two of us being together. I could not wait until Jimmy and I got our own place together. I could not wait until we had our own family. 5

Jimmy woke to the blaring sound of his alarm clock. I had been lying in bed awake for the last couple of hours. My stomach was twisting in a knot, and bile was rising in the back of my throat. I would swallow hard, and I prayed that it would go away. 10

	Jimmy kissed my cheek and rolled out of bed. I watched as he stretched his arms up over his head as he walked into the bathroom. +

	I rubbed my stomach, and my throat felt like it was starting to contract. I let out a deep breath and hoped that I was not getting sick. I may have caught something from being out in the cold yesterday. The flu was not something that I wanted to deal with right now. +

	At a slow pace, I swung my legs to the edge of the bed and sat. The bathroom door opened, and Jimmy came back into the room. I pushed myself so that I was standing, and my knees wobbled underneath me. My hand stayed on the bed to steady myself. +

	Jimmy was searching through the drawers but stopped to take a look at me. He raised an eyebrow, and I assumed my face looked flushed. +

	"Are you alright, Julie?" he asked. +

	"I'm okay." I took another step forward. +

	The last step was too much for my stomach. I had to put my hand over my mouth and run as fast as I could into the bathroom. Fear shot through me that I would not get to the bathroom in time and I would have to spend the day scrubbing the carpet. 2

	I got on my knees in front of the toilet and I began throwing up. One hand was bracing myself on the seat, and my other hand was pathetically holding my hair back. 5

	Jimmy ran in beside me and got down onto his knees. His hand moved the rest of my hair out of my face. I took in a sharp breath, and an awful taste filled my mouth. +

	"You're not okay," he said. +

	"No, I am," I said. +

	Talking caused my throat to constrict. I gagged and then continued to vomit. +

	"See?" Jimmy said. "You're sick."+

	I pulled away from the toilet and wiped my mouth with the back of my hand. My shaky legs tried to support my weight as I stood up. Jimmy slid his arms around my back as he stood with me. 4

	"I'll be fine," I told him. +

	"No," he said. "You're going to bed."+

	He slipped his other arm under my knees and pulled me into his arms. I wrapped my arms around his neck, and my stomach twisted with every step that he took. I pressed my face into his neck, and I took light rhythmic breaths to stop myself from being sick. +

	I let go of him when he placed me down on the bed. He pulled the blankets up over my body and tucked me in. He pressed his lips against my temple. My heavy eyelids closed. I listened as Jimmy moved around the room. The door closed, and then a couple of minutes later it opened again. +

	He kissed my cheek again and I forced my eyes to open. Jimmy had on his dirt-stained jeans and jacket. He was sitting on his heels, and his lips lifted into a faint smile when he saw me open my eyes. +

	"I've got to go now," he said. "I left you a glass of water on the nightstand. Also, I got you a bucket."+

	"A bucket?" I asked. +

	"Yeah," he said. "In case you feel sick and don't think that you can make it to the bathroom."+

	"That's lovely," I mumbled. +

	"I need you to stay in bed all day. I love you, so I need you to feel better."+

	He tucked a piece of hair behind my ear, and I let my eyes close again. +

	"Thank you," I said. +

	There was an odd weight at the end of the bed. The weight moved up and then stopped beside me. I opened my eyes a crack to see Buster lying down on Jimmy's side of the bed. Jimmy snapped his fingers at the dog. +

	"Come on, Buster," he said. He continued to snap his fingers and he let out a whistle. Buster looked up at him before settling himself on the bed. I reached out and scratched his fur. 2

	"He's not bothering me," I told Jimmy. +

	"Fine." Jimmy gave Buster a quick pet. "Make sure to take care of my girl, Buster."6

	The last thing I heard was Jimmy's footsteps leaving the room. +

--+

	When my heavy eyes opened again, Buster was still curled up on Jimmy's side of the bed. I rolled onto my back and felt my muscles stretch and contract. The bright red lights from the clock told me that it was ten in the morning. I had been sleeping for almost five hours. +

	I propped myself up on one elbow. My dry throat ached and I still had the disgusting taste of vomit in my mouth. I reached out for the glass of water Jimmy left me and drank it slowly. +

	My muscles ached as I rolled onto my back. Buster let out a deep breath. I placed my hand on his fur. My stomach was queasy and I hoped that I wouldn't be sick again. +

	I couldn't believe that I was so dumb to go outside without a jacket. I didn't even have shoes on, and we were out in the cold. I silently cursed myself. +

	My heart fluttered and I almost threw up again. There was another possibility that came to my mind. +

	I could be pregnant. 11

	I tried to count back the days to the last time I had my period. I rarely saw a calendar, but it must have been two months since the last time I had it. 1

	I moved my hand over my stomach. How could I not notice? Jimmy and I were trying for so long, so how come neither of us realized?+

	Jimmy would be so happy when I told him. Our family was going to officially start. +

	A flare of panic exploded in my chest as I thought about our baby. What if I was carrying a girl? Tradition says that Jimmy would have to kill her, but surely he would reconsider once he saw our daughter. Taylor did not when Emme had her girl though. +

	Even if it was a boy, what if I wouldn't survive? I could die while giving birth. It happened all the time to women who did not give birth in a hospital. 4

	What if I didn't even deliver? Miscarriages are common. There had to be some kind of punishment for not being strong enough to carry a baby. 4

	I let a groan escape my lips and I curled up into a ball. I tried to go to sleep, but my mind would not stop. All I knew was that I would have to tell Jimmy when he came back inside. +

--+

	It was past six o'clock when I heard someone come into the house. I could hear them moving around in the kitchen. Jimmy told me to stay in bed, so he must be cooking dinner for me. I wanted to run downstairs and help him, but I knew that it would be a bad idea. +

	I sat on the bed and stretched my sore muscles. I lifted the heavy blankets up off me, and I put my feet down on the cold floor. I took a few steps, and holding onto the wall became a necessity to stay on my feet. My head spun, and I had to run to the bathroom. +

	As quickly as I could, I made my way to the toilet and got down on my knees. I grabbed a fistful of my hair and held it back from my face. I emptied the contents of my stomach, which wasn't much, into the toilet. I hoped I wouldn't feel like this for long. +

	After flushing the toilet, I dragged my feet back to the bed. I drank the rest of the warm water that was in the glass that Jimmy left for me. I curled into a ball and threw the blanket over me. I closed my eyes but did not fall asleep. +

	The bedroom door clicked shut. Jimmy came in and sat down on the bed. Buster was in between us. I rolled onto my side so that I could see him. +

	"Have you been taking good care of my girl, Buster?" he asked as he scratched his fur. +

	Buster responded by looking up at him and licking him under the chin. Jimmy smiled and turned his attention to me. +

	"How are you feeling?" he asked. 3

	"A little better," I said. +

	He pressed the back of his hand against my forehead. +

	"It does not feel like you have a fever," he said. +

	"I don't think I have the flu," I said. "I think it is something else."+

	"Like what?"+

	"I think I'm pregnant," I said. +

	His dark eyes grew big and looked down at my stomach. His lips curled into a wide smile. +

	"Really?" he asked. +

	"I think so," I said. +

	Jimmy snapped his fingers at Buster and the dog jumped off of the bed. Jimmy slid closer to me. He moved the blankets down and my shirt up so that my stomach was exposed. His cold fingers ran across the warm skin of my belly and I shivered. I curled in toward him, and I rested my head against his chest. His cold fingers continued to graze across my stomach. +

	"We're going to have a son," Jimmy said in disbelief. 9

	I looked up at him to see him staring at my stomach. I leaned up so that I could brush my lips against his neck. +

	"Finally," he said. "I can't believe this is finally happening."1

	"I'm so happy," I said. +

	He looked down at me and kissed me, but did not take his hand off of my stomach. I wiggled closer to him, and he must have thought that I was cold. He lifted the blankets and tucked them around me. He brushed my hair behind my ears and kissed my forehead. He still had a wide smile plastered across his face. +

	"I can't wait to tell our family," he said. +

	Maybe bringing another boy into this family would make up for the way that I acted at Noah's. The thought of Emme cradling her belly made me shiver. I did not want to be having a little girl.3

	"I'm going to go tell Dad now," he said, swinging his legs off the side of the bed. +

	"Wait." I sat. +

	He spun on his heels and looked at me. He shook his head as he watched me pull the blankets off him. I did not want to be alone. I wanted to be in bed with Jimmy holding me. +

	"Julie, you need to stay in this bed," he said. He gently pushed me back down onto the bed and pulled the blankets back up. "I want you to rest up. It is good for you and the baby. I'll bring you a glass of water and something to eat when I get back."+

	He had his knee on the bed and was leaning over me. His hair was hanging out from behind his ears. Shadows were cast across his face hiding his scar. +

"Thank you," I said, running my hands through his hair. +

"Get some sleep," he said. "And I better not find you out of this bed."+

"Okay," I said. "I promise to stay here."+

"Good girl," he said before hurrying out the door. 1

I listened to Jimmy run down the stairs. He was excited to go tell his father. This is what they were all waiting for since I got here. 	+

I closed my eyes and thought about Jimmy and I holding our baby boy. +

+

The next morning, Jimmy treated me like I never learned how to walk. He helped me get out of bed, and he had his arm snaked around my waist as I walked to the bathroom to brush my teeth. He was trying to help me out as much as he could now that I was pregnant. I could not imagine how he would treat me as I got bigger. +

	Jimmy kept his arm around me as we walked down the stairs to breakfast. Charles was sitting at the end of the table with a book in his hands. Tommy was leaning back relaxed in his chair. He was cleaning his fingernails with his pocket knife. An empty bowl sat in front of him. I was relieved that he did not look up at me. 3

	I went to walk over to the cupboard to get us some bowls and cereal. Jimmy put his hand on my shoulder and pulled me back toward him. He forced me to sit down in the chair across from Tommy. +

	"Sit down," he said. "I'll get it."+

	Charles chuckled and looked over the top of his book at me. +

	"Oh, I remember when Marilyn was first pregnant with James," he said. "For the first few days, I wouldn't let her do anything. The first baby is always the scariest."+

	"Wait." Tommy flipped the blade of his knife back in. He sat straight and his eyes widened. "Julie's pregnant?"+

	His voice was filled with venom. He was gnawing on the corner of his lip. My stomach twisted and I could feel the tension build in his body. 2

	"Yeah," Jimmy said, setting the food down in front of me. He lightly ran his fingers through my hair. "I'll have a son soon."+

	"Unless it's a girl," Tommy said. +

	"It won't be."+

	Tommy's nostrils flared. He opened the blade of his knife. He held it against the edge of the table. He made deep slashes into the wood as he stared between Jimmy and me. 3

	"Thomas!" Charles yelled. "Stop that right now. Go outside. I'll meet you out there in a few minutes."2

	Tommy let out a deep breath and flipped the blade back in. He pushed his chair away from the table and stormed outside. Charles leaned back in his chair and rolled his eyes. +

	"What am I going to do with that boy?" he muttered. 27

	Jimmy sat and we began eating our breakfast. I watched Charles as he got up from the table and slipped his arms through his jacket. +

	"Juliet," he said. "I don't want you cooking any meat tonight."+

	"Dad, Julie should definitely be eating right now," Jimmy said. +

	Charles scowled. I have never heard Jimmy so boldly disagree with his father. I pulled at the sleeves of my sweater and began picking at the ends. +

	"Do as I say," Charles said. "You are living in my house. Somebody else will come onto our property soon. One day without meat is not going to hurt Juliet or your baby."2

	"Okay," Jimmy said. +

	I could tell from Jimmy's voice that he was disappointed. Jimmy was raised to respect and never question his elders. Charles gave us a quick nod before heading out the door. +

	Jimmy picked the bowls up from the table, and I stood. Jimmy put his hand on my shoulder and pushed me back down into the seat. He dropped the bowls into the sink. I went to stand again, and Jimmy put his hand back on my shoulder and forced me down. +

	"Jimmy, I need to clean up," I said. +

	"Julie, sit down," he said. +

	"No, I am okay," I said. "I was pregnant a couple of days ago and neither of us knew. There is no reason to treat me differently now."5

	"Julie," Jimmy said. He got down on one knee in front of me. He held my hands in his. "The baby is getting stronger. That is why you were so sick yesterday. I want you to take it easy so that the two of you will be healthy. Try to get your chores done, but don't push yourself too hard."+

A few strands of hair had fallen out from behind his ear. It was hiding the clear part of his face, leaving him to look like a grotesque monster. A monster was the last possible thing he was; he was my saviour. He was the only person who was going to protect me. 16

	He reached out and rubbed my belly. I smiled and covered his hand with mine.+

"Thank you," I said. +

"I've got to keep you safe," he said. "Right now, things are going to change. I don't want you anywhere near Tommy now, do you understand?" 3

"Yes I do," I said. +

"Good," he said, kissing my forehead before getting up off of his knee. "Remember that I love you."+

"Thank you,"  I said. "I love you too."1

--+

	For the next few weeks, I tried to avoid looking at Tommy as much as I possibly could. He would scowl at me, and I noticed that his eyes were always locked on my stomach. I crossed my arms over my belly, like I was protecting my baby from his evil glare. +

	Jimmy did not seem to notice this. He was still treating me like I was made out of glass. He would help me put away the dishes after dinner. He would tuck me into bed and read to me at night. I always wished he would read for longer, but he would kiss my head and insist that I needed to sleep.  2

	One morning, I woke to Jimmy stroking his fingers along my arm. He kissed my cheek when he saw my eyes flutter open. +

	"Julie," he said. He brushed my hair out of my face and kissed my lips. I opened my eyes wider to see the room was flooded with sunlight. Jimmy must have not set an alarm. We were usually up before the crack of dawn. +

	"I slept in," I said as I rubbed my eyes with the back of my hand. +

	Jimmy chuckled. +

	"I let you sleep in," he said. "Dad and Tommy were going into town today, but Tommy is sick. Dad can't go alone, so I have to go with him. I tried to convince Dad to go next week, but he refused. Maybe we can buy some meat today."8

Charles only allowed me to cook meat on Sundays. The weeks were dragging on and I could see how their patience was running thin. Even Jimmy would snap at me if I was taking too long to get dressed or doing the dishes. +

I began to feel disgusted with the way I was thinking because I was praying that someone would come onto our property soon. I wanted someone to be captured and brought down to the basement. I wanted something that was going to make them happier. What I feared so much, I was now hoping for. The snow had begun to blanket the ground, so I doubted anyone would come onto our property soon. 4

"I'll be alone with Tommy?" I asked. +

"Yeah." He nodded his head. I could see him gnawing at the corner of his lip. "I don't want you to leave this room. I'm going to tell them that you are sick. I don't want you to leave this bed."1

I shook my head and reached out for Jimmy's hand. The last time I was alone with Tommy he had threatened to hurt me through the bathroom door. I no longer had the protection of my bathroom lock to keep me safe. +

"Jimmy," I said. +

I had my fingers curled around his wrist. He shook me off, and I cradled my belly. +

"Julie, don't whine," he said. "Trust me, I hate the idea just as much as you do. That is why I need you to stay in our room."1

"What if Tommy comes in?" I asked. +

"He won't."+

"But what if he does?"+

"Juliet." He was losing his patience with me. It was rare that he ever used my full name. "Stop asking questions and just trust me. It is going to be okay."7

I nodded. There was nothing else that I could do. I just had to trust Jimmy, like I always have. He will protect me, especially since I was carrying his baby boy. 1

"Okay," I said. "I'm going to miss you."+

Jimmy kissed me. He got off the bed and walked over to the rocking chair. He picked up the orange and yellow knit blanket on the back of the chair. He unfolded it as he walked back over to the bed. +

"Lie down and get comfy," he said. +

I nestled back in bed and pulled the sheets over me. Jimmy draped the blanket over me. He sat on the edge of the bed and kissed my forehead. +

"I brought some toast up for you while you were asleep," he said. "I don't want you leaving this room, but I don't want you to go hungry. We shouldn't be gone for long."1

"Okay," I said. "Be safe."+

"Of course," he said. +

He leaned in and kissed me before he planted another kiss on my forehead. He got up off the bed, and a shiver ran up my spine. He opened the bedroom door and Buster burst through as he jumped up onto the bed. I pulled my arms out of the tight cocoon Jimmy had just made for me so that I could scratch Buster's fur. 2

"Do you want him to stay in the room?" Jimmy asked. +

"Yes, please," I said. +

"Alright," he said. "You remember what I said, right?"+

"I'm not going to leave the room until you get home."+

"Good girl. I'll see you soon."+

He closed the bedroom door behind him. +

--+

	I must have fallen back asleep because when I woke I felt someone twirling a piece of my hair around their finger. My heavy eyes opened as my lips lifted into a smile. +

	Jimmy must already be home. +

	Tommy was sitting on Jimmy's side of the bed. He had his legs crossed underneath him. His lips curled into an evil-looking smirk when he saw that I was awake. +

	There was a clicking noise before the cold metal of his pocket knife was pressed against the side of my throat. 2

	"Rise and shine, Jules."33

I gasped, but my breath was caught in my throat. I was afraid to move as the sharp edge of the blade was up against my throat. Tommy saw my terrified expression, and a faint chuckle escaped his lips. 2

	"Tommy," I said. "Don't."+

	It was all that I could manage to say. My throat was dry and every time I spoke, it felt like the knife was pushing itself deeper into my throat. Tommy's lips were in a wide smirk. +

	"Don't do what, Jules?" he asked. "You think I am going to hurt you?"1

	I could not nod my head. I opened my mouth to speak, but my eyes watered and my nose burned with tears. I did not want to cry in front of him. It was exactly what he wanted. +

	"I wouldn't kill you, Jules," he said. "You're too fun to have around. I couldn't do it."+

	He slowly slid the blade down my neck so that it was lightly tracing over my skin. The cold metal caused a shiver to run up my spine as he ran it over my collarbone and to my chest. +

	I wanted to get up and run, but there was nowhere to go. I did not have the keys to the door, and my lock on the bathroom door was broken. I was stuck on the bed as Tommy tormented me. 2

	"I don't think it is fair though," Tommy said. "He gets you all to himself. Jimmy's barely a man, but he got you pregnant. Doesn't make much sense, does it?"6

	He continued to run the blade down my chest until it was just an inch above my belly button. I could not help but let out a whimper. Tommy was psychotic. He would have no problem killing my baby.+

	"No," Tommy said, shaking his head. "I can't do it this way. I'm not scared of Jimmy, but Dad would be mad at me. It's not worth getting beat just to get rid of your baby."+

	He pulled the blade away from my stomach. He threw his legs over the side of the bed. I watched him as he got up and walked to the other side of the room. I pushed myself up to see that he was heading toward the door. I sighed in relief. +

	Tommy turned on his heels and marched back into the room. He was shaking his head and chuckling to himself. 1

	"Who am I kidding?" he said. "I can't just let Jimmy get all of this. He can't have you and then get a son. It is not fair."9

	My fingers curled into the mattress as he got closer to me. My heart was pounding and I could feel myself tremble. Tommy put his knee on the bed and leaned forward so that he was towering over me. +

	"He just can't know it was me," he said quietly and slowly. "You won't tell them that it was me, would you, Jules?"2

	"Tommy, please," I said. +

	"Would you?"+

	"Tommy -"+

	"Would you?!" He slammed his hand into the bedframe, only inches away from my head. +

	I jumped and let out a quick scream. The tears were rolling down my cheeks, and when I looked at Tommy he was in a blur. His face was growing red and his nostrils were flaring. +

	"No," I sobbed. "I wouldn't."+

	"Good girl," he said. He cupped the side of my face with his hand. "You'll be mine soon."8

	I shook my head in denial. He slid his hand to the back of my neck. He grabbed a fistful of hair and yanked it so that I was looking up at him. +

	"Yes, you will be," he said. "Jimmy doesn't deserve you, but I do."1

	He leaned down and smashed his lips against mine. I put my hands on his chest and tried to push him away. I tried to turn my head to the side, but his grip was so tight on my hair that I could not move my head. 1

	When he pulled away, I wiped my mouth with the back of my hand. Tommy still had a hold of my hair. He scowled and yanked on it hard. I let out a yelp. He brought his other hand to my stomach and began rubbing my belly. +

	"Now, we just need to fix Junior there," he said. 4

	He took his hand off my stomach and grabbed my wrist. He got off the bed and heaved me up onto my feet. +

	"No!" I shouted. "Please, Tommy. Don't do this."1

	"Come on, Jules," he said. "I promise it'll be quick."+

	I pulled my arms back and fought against his grip. I dug my heels into the ground so that Tommy had to drag me across the floor. He let out a deep breath, let go of my wrist, and wrapped his arm around my waist. He threw me over his shoulder. +

	I screamed and pounded my fists into his back. I kicked my legs, but Tommy carried me. He was unaffected by my actions. I watched the ground bob up and down as he walked into the hallway. The faded wooden floors were all that I could see and then I saw the sudden dip of the staircase. +

	"No!" I screamed. My heart was slamming itself into my ribcage. "Tommy, you can't!"+

	He set me down on the floor. I looked up to see him towering over me. He had me on the edge of the staircase. +

	"Jules, they're all going to think that it was an accident," he said. "Because if you do tell them what really happens they won't believe you. If you tell them the truth I'll make sure that we have more fun together."1

	"Tommy," I sobbed. +

	I brought my knees to my chest and wrapped my arms around myself. If Tommy was going to push me down the stairs, this was the best chance I had at protecting my baby. +

	"Now, I'm not completely sure how to do this," he said. "We may have to do this a few times to make sure that it works. I don't want to kill you though. That would upset Jimmy, but I want you to stick around for a while."2

	He grabbed my wrists and pulled them away from my legs. He must have known that I was trying to protect myself. He got down onto his knees and had me leaning over the first step. +

	"Now, we just need to get rid of Jimmy's son," he said. 1

	He started to push me back. He did it at a slow pace to watch the terror on my face. +

	"Wait, Tommy!" I yelled. "What if it's not a boy?"1

	With one swift motion, Tommy pulled me up so that I was sitting up straight. He had a tight grip on my wrists. +

	"Why would that matter?" he asked. +

	"Because think about how much that'll hurt Jimmy," I said. "If I have a daughter and you kill her now, Jimmy won't have to kill her once she is born. You're making it easier on him."5

	Tommy was staring into my eyes as his lips curled into a vicious smile. I needed to tell Tommy what he wanted to hear to protect my son's life. +

	I took a deep breath to stop myself from crying. Tommy leaned down and kissed me hard. I waited until he was done. +

	"You're right," he said. "He's so weak. It would destroy him."+

	"Exactly," I said. "And we both know that Jimmy is not man enough to give me a son."6

	Tommy let out a laugh, and I forced myself to do the same. Tommy got off his knees and stretched his arms up over his head. I scrambled onto my feet. +

	"I'm glad you know that," he said. "I can't wait until I can find a way to make you my girl."14

 I wanted to get back to my room as quickly as possible. I had to be careful to make it look like I was not trying to run away from Tommy. If Tommy was going to think that I was on his side, I was going to have to play the part. 1

	"Julie," Tommy said as I put my hand on the doorknob in the bedroom. +

	"Yes?" I asked. +

	"Jimmy is gone and you are going to waste our time together?"+

	"I'm sorry. I'm just really tired. I was going to take a nap."+

	"I don't care. Come over here."+

	He cocked his head to motion down toward his bedroom. Tommy was disgusting, and I had no idea what he would do to me if we were alone in his room. Nausea hit me when I thought of the possibilities. +

	"Jules." He must have seen the hesitation on my face. "Jimmy is never going to know. No one is going to tell him."+

	"He wants me to stay in bed though," I said. +

	"You will be," he said. "You'll just be in mine instead."13

	My stomach twisted itself into a tight knot. My throat started to contract and I was afraid that I would not be able to speak without crying. +

	"What if they come home and we don't hear them?" I said. "We'd be caught."+

	"They won't be home for hours," Tommy said. +

	"What if they come home early?"+

	"Juliet." The venom had returned to his voice. I bit down on my bottom lip. "Jimmy has obviously not taught you anything. Stop asking me questions. You're not allowed to do that."+

	"I'm sorry," I said. "I just don't want to be caught by your Dad and get in trouble."3

	Tommy laughed. I crossed my arms, and I pulled at the sleeves of the hoodie Jimmy had given me to sleep in. +

	"You're such a good girl," he said. "You're a lot better than those bitches we drag into this house."+

	I let my jaw drop when I heard Tommy say that word. Jimmy had told me many times that swearing was not allowed in the house. It was the last thing I expected to hear Tommy say. +

	"Calm down," he said. "It's just a word."+

	"I thought there was no swearing," I said. +

	Tommy laughed even harder and ran his fingers through his short hair. He shook his head and ran his hand down to the stubble that has been lining his jaw for the past few weeks. +

	"No swearing?" he said wryly. He walked toward me at a slow pace. I dropped my gaze so that I was looking down at the floor. "Dad says there's not swearing in this house, but that rule only seems to apply to this family. Do you know what everyone says when they're pleading for their life? It's all the words we aren't supposed to say."+

	Tommy was right in front of me. My gaze was still low, so all I could see was his bare feet sticking out from his faded flannel pajama bottoms. He grabbed the bottom of my chin and forced me to look him in the eyes. 11

	"You would like it," he said. +

	I shook my head. He kept a tight hold on my chin. +

	"Oh, yeah, you would," he said. "You've done it before. Too bad he was unconscious when they had you slit his throat. It's best when they're awake and know what is going on. You know why?"+

	I knew he did not expect me to answer the question, but I still shook my head. +

	"A person's true self comes out in the last few moments of their life," he said. "Especially if someone they love is there with them too. You can see who is a spineless coward, which is most of them, and who has the balls to deal with their fate. 2

	"I mean, becoming that person is awesome. You know, the person that decides their fate. You're the most important person in their life. They're relying on you, and you're crushing their bones or slitting their throat. It's beautiful."2

	I was shaking, and I knew Tommy could see it. I thought back to how Gabe made me cut off that man's face as his wife screamed. I had no idea how Tommy could find enjoyment in that. +

	"I can't wait until someone else comes onto our property," he said, "and not because I'm hungry. I want to feel that rush again. The feeling when you drag your blade through someone's skin....there's no words to describe it. But you know about it already."4

	I swallowed hard past the lump growing in my throat. I shifted my weight from foot to foot. Tommy loosened his grip on my chin and slid his hand down to my throat. +

	"You'll feel it with me," Tommy said with a smirk. "When you're mine we'll share it. We won't wait for someone to come onto our property either. I hate waiting, it sucks. It will just be you, me, and the blood. So much blood." 11

	Tommy chuckled and shook his head. I could no longer stand to look him in the eyes. My gaze dropped to his shoulder. +

	"There's so much blood in the human body," he said. +

	Tommy brushed a piece of my hair off of my face. He leaned in and crushed his lips against mine. When he pulled away, I faked a smile so that he could not see how disgusted I was. 1

	"Go cook me something," he said. "Use meat."+

	"Charles told me I couldn't," I said. +

	"I don't care," he told me. "You are going to do it, and if anyone asks you're going to take the blame for it."12

	"But -"+

	"Just do it."6

	Tommy grabbed my arm and pushed me forward. I kept a tight grip on the banister as I walked down the stairs. I tried my best not to think about my body tumbling down the steps and lying in a puddle of my own blood. +

	When we safely made it to the kitchen, Tommy pulled out a chair and watched me as I fried up the last piece of meat. I prayed that Jimmy and Charles would be home any moment. +

--+

	Tommy made me sit with him at the table. My stomach was growling, but I did not want to get up to the fridge. I knew that the piece of toast Jimmy left me was still on the nightstand. I had no idea how long Tommy was going to make me sit here. +

	He was shovelling the food into his mouth. When he was done, he pushed the plate across the table toward me. His chair screeched across the floor as he stood. He didn't say anything to me, but winked before he went up the stairs. 2

	My knees wobbled as I stood. I scrubbed his plate and the frying pan. I was sick thinking about Charles coming home and discovering all of the meat was gone. 2

	I held onto my stomach as I walked up the stairs. The stairs creaked with each slow and cautious step I took. Once my feet were firmly on the upstairs floor, I ran toward my bedroom. I closed the door behind me and collapsed on the floor. I crawled over to the bathroom. I slammed the door behind me. +

	I pressed my back up against the door. There was no lock anymore, so this was the best I could do to keep me safe. I was too weak to move any furniture and barricade the door. +

	I waited until Jimmy came home. +

--+

	I let out a cry as I fell backward. My eyes sprung open and my heart pounded in my chest. Two cold hands came out and grabbed my arms. I looked up to see that I had fallen back into Jimmy's legs. I must have fallen asleep waiting for him. +

 I knew that this moment was eventually going to come, but Charles discovered the missing meat sooner than I expected. Jimmy raised an eyebrow as he looked over at me. +

	"Tommy made me cook it," I said. +

	"This lying needs to end," Charles said. "Tommy is sick. There is no way that he would have eaten it."+

	"He's not actually sick," I said. "He's faking it."+

	"I don't believe so."+

	"He is!"+

	"Do not shout at me."+

	Jimmy put his hand on my shoulder. I took a step so that I was behind him. +

	"Punish her," Charles told Jimmy. +

	"What?" Jimmy asked. "I can't hurt the baby. Plus, you said it was my choice whether or not to punish her."+

	"Now she's not only lying," he said. "She is now being disrespectful and she ate the remaining bit of meat."2

	"I can't hurt the baby," Jimmy said. +

	"Just because she is pregnant is no reason to let her get away with all this," Charles said. "You don't have to go near her stomach to teach her a lesson. We are all having to ration the meat, and she goes ahead and eats all of it. We're the ones doing all of the work and protecting her and she's abusing that. You have to punish that girl, James."+

	"Jimmy," I started to whine. I did not want to get punished because of Tommy. I was just as hungry as the rest of them. +

	"Stop it, Juliet!" Charles shouted. I looked past Jimmy's shoulder to see Charles' face growing red. "James, get your knife."+

	"Dad-" he started to say. +

	"Hurry up and teach her a lesson!" he said. "You need to punish your girl, so do it."5

	Jimmy let out a deep breath and reached into his pocket. I started crying as I watched him pull out his knife. I held my arms against my chest and shook my head. Jimmy turned around and walked toward me with his hand out. +

	"Julie, stop crying," he said. His voice was stern and sounded a lot like Charles'. +

	He grabbed my wrist and held out my arm. He rolled up the sleeve of my sweater. He flipped out the blade of his knife. +

	"Please," I dragged out the word. +

	My knees crumpled underneath me and I fell to the floor. My arm was still in Jimmy's grasp, and he tightened his grip on my wrist. The cold metal was pressed against the flesh on the inside of my arm. I begged and pleaded for Jimmy to stop, but he did not listen to me. +

	He pressed the blade down into my skin and I screamed. I squeezed my eyes shut, but the tears continued to roll down my cheeks. He made three deep slashes into my arm. +

	The pain never seemed to end. I was surprised that Charles was not yelling at me to shut up. He must enjoy watching his son abuse me like this. 3

	Once Jimmy let go of me, I crumpled on the floor. I kept my eyes closed and pulled my arm against my chest. The blood soaked through the front of my sweater. My arm burned as I sobbed in pain. +

	"Go to the bathroom," Jimmy said. +

	I stumbled as I got back onto my feet. My head spun as I hurried into the bathroom.+

	"Try not to get blood on anything," Charles said. 5

	The blood was dripping off of my arm and onto the floor. I looked down at the three wounds, and seeing the damage to my flesh made me cry even harder. I opened up the cupboard under the sink and pulled out one of the ragged towels. I pressed it up against the wound and watched the blood stain the green cloth. I took in a sharp breath and sat down on the cold tile floor. +

	I tried to press the cloth harder against the wound to stop the bleeding, but it was too painful. I was crying so hard that I did not hear Jimmy coming into the bathroom. I jumped when he slid his arm around my waist. +

	"Shush, it's okay," he whispered before pressing his lips against my cheek. 7

	I shook my head and pulled the towel off of my arm. Jimmy opened up the cupboard behind the mirror. He pulled out a bottle and then got another towel. He sat down in front of me and poured the liquid onto the towel. +

	"This is going to sting," he said as he pulled out my wounded arm. 1

	"What is it?" I asked. +

Jimmy didn't answer me, and he rubbed the towel against my wounds. I gasped out in pain as it managed to burn even more. I bit on my lip until I tasted blood. +

When Jimmy was done, I went to pull my arm back toward my chest, but he snatched my wrist. He wrapped the gauze around my arm. My breath was ragged as I tried to stop myself from crying. +

Once he was finished, he picked me up off the floor. He curled me into his body as I continued to sob. He carried me over to the bed, placed me down, and pulled the blankets up over me. +

Jimmy sat on the other side of the bed. He threw his arm over my belly and pulled me closer to him. He left his hand open over my stomach. 1

"You know I love you, right?" he asked. +

"Yeah," I said. +

"Tell me it."+

"I know you love me."+

"Good girl," he said. He leaned in and kissed my cheek. He wiped my tears away with his fingers. "You love me?"2

	"I love you."+

	The throbbing pain in my arm kept me awake all night. 4

--+

	There was no meat in the fridge, and my belly continued to grow in size. Summer was almost here soon and I wished someone would come onto our property. +

	Jimmy's attitude had taken a major turn. He was hungry, and he punished me for everything that he could. If I broke a dish, I got cut. If I was late with dinner, I got cut. If he found a dirty spot in the house, I got cut. My arms were covered in cuts and scabs. 6

	I ran a hand down my stomach. If I had to take a guess, I'd say that I was seven months pregnant. My large belly led the way wherever I went, and I was wearing maternity clothes from the basement. 4

	It was hot, and the air in the house was humid. I was wearing an out-dated sundress. I could feel the beads of sweat roll down the back of my neck. +

	"Julie, is breakfast almost ready?" Jimmy asked. +

	They were all sitting around the kitchen table. Charles had a letter in his hands and was reading it out loud. It was from Taylor, and it said that they would be coming down for a visit soon. I was at the stove pouring oatmeal into bowls. +

	"It's coming," I told them.+

	No one answered me as I gathered the three bowls into my arms. I set them down in front of them before grabbing my own bowl. +

	"When Taylor comes down, tell him to bring some meat," Tommy told Charles. "I'm starving."+

	I sat down in my chair. Tommy was scarfing down his food at an ungodly pace. +

	"That's not funny, Thomas," Charles said. "But we cannot have Taylor and Emme here with no meat. There's also a new mouth coming to feed in a few months."1

	Charles gestured over to my stomach. +

	"I need you boys to do things differently," Charles said. "We can't keep going on like this. It's not healthy for anyone. You need to go hunting off of our property. Just until we can get our lives back to normal."9

	I looked up to see Tommy had a huge smile on his face. I had not seen a smile that big on his face since the day he threatened to push me down the stairs. I looked over at Jimmy to see him smiling. They were finally going to be happy again, and I would not be punished as much. We would be eating something other than vegetables, potatoes, and eggs. 4

	"Really?" Tommy asked. +

	"Yes." Charles nodded his head. "Just do your chores and then you two can go out."+

	"Come one, Jim," Tommy said, tossing his spoon into his empty bowl. "We've got a busy day ahead of us."+

	Jimmy and Tommy both got out of their seats and hurried outside. I could hear Charles chuckle under his breath. He shook his head and got up from the table. 1

	"It's good to see them excited, but I doubt that anyone will be out there," Charles said. "I wouldn't be planning a feast yet if I were you, Juliet."+

	I smiled and rubbed my belly. +

	"I won't be," I said. +

	Charles continued to laugh as he walked out the door. I got up too and started cleaning the kitchen. +

	I went on with my daily routine and continued to clean the house. I had not heard anything from them outside until I started preparing dinner. +

	Someone was pounding their fists into the door and was screaming at the top of their lungs. 15

"Open the door!" a woman screamed. "Please! Please! You have to! They're going to kill me! Help!"3

	She continued to furiously pound on the door with her fists. My stomach tightened, but a wave of relief washed over me. Jimmy and Tommy found someone. We were going to have meat. 6

	"Please!" she screamed. "They've already got my friends! You need to call the police!"3

	Jimmy and Tommy already have other people, but I could not let her get away too. Jimmy would be so happy for me getting them another body. The punishments would be less severe and his temper would calm down. He would be so proud of me. 4

	I walked over to the door and I was surprised when the knob turned. Jimmy must have forgotten to lock the door or they have not been locking the door for a while. I never mentioned running away or having done anything to make them suspicious. 4

	When I opened the door, the girl fell into me. She grabbed my shoulders and began sobbing into my neck. I stumbled back and tried not to fall over. If the girl fell on my stomach, that could damage the baby and Jimmy would be furious. I think she was shocked by the awkward bump between us because she gasped and pulled away. +

	Her hair was dyed black and was sticking to her face with sweat and tears. She had silver rings through her eyebrows, nose, and lip. Her jeans and T-shirt were ripped and covered with dirt. Mud was splattered all up her arms. +

	"Sorry," she said. "Where is your phone? You need to call the cops. I left mine in the car."3

	"We don't have a phone," I said. +

	She furrowed her brows. +

	"What do you mean?" I could hear the panic in her voice. "Everyone has a phone."+

	"We can't afford one," I said. +

	"Please," she begged. +

	She grabbed my arms. She looked down to see all of the cuts and scabs that surrounded my tattoo. Jimmy was so angry last month that he threatened to cut the tattoo off. 9

	"My husband will be home soon," I said. "He will be able to take you into town and get you help."3

	"No!" She shook her head. "There's no time. They're killing my friends. They're probably already dead now."+

	The last few words were too much for her, and her body broke out into sobs. The tears were streaming down my cheeks. I snaked my arm around her waist. She leaned against me as I helped her into one of the chairs at the dining room table. She put her elbows on the table and buried her head in her hands. +

	I stood beside her and watched her cry. Jimmy would be proud of me for keeping her in the house, but he would be so impressed with me if I killed her. I had to stop her from leaving the house. 8

	"Why?" she cried. "Why is this happening to me? This kind of thing only happens in bad horror movies."+

	I put my hand on her back. If I could comfort her, she would trust me more. It would be easier to kill her. I had not seen a murder since we were at Noah's. I had to do a better job this time. +

	"What's your name?" I asked her. +

	"Lydia," she said. +

	She took her head out of her hands and wiped her cheeks. Her eyes were red and swollen. +

	"I'm Julie," I said. "Would you like some water?"+

	"Yes," she said. +

	I walked over to the cupboard and pulled out a glass. I filled it full of water from the sink. I saw the butcher knife lying beside the sink. I had taken it out a few minutes ago to chop the vegetables for dinner. I set the glass down on the counter and picked up the knife. I couldn't make a mess. I did not want to spend all of tomorrow cleaning up the kitchen. I already learned how hard it is to clean up blood. +

	"When do you think your husband will be coming home?" Lydia asked. +

	Her back was to me, so she did not see me as I turned around with the knife in my hand. I tightened my grip and took in slow breaths as I walked toward her. +

	"He should be home any minute now," I said. +

	"Really?" she said, turning around in her seat. +

	Her eyes grew large when she saw the knife in my hands. I swung my arm down and buried the blade deep into the base of her neck. She screamed and grabbed her neck as she fell off of the chair and onto the floor. I pulled the knife out and her flesh and blood sprayed up at me. Lydia continued to scream out in pain and she was grabbing the wound in an attempt to stop the bleeding. 22

	I used my weight to my advantage and got on top of her. I pinned her down onto the ground and grabbed the knife with both hands. I took a quick look down at myself to see that I was covered in blood. With another quick swing, I brought the knife down onto her chest. It was a lot tougher than I expected and I struggled to get the blade past her ribcage. +

	Lydia had stopped squirming underneath me, but I brought the knife down one more time to make sure that she was dead. Her pale skin was covered in a mixture of blood and dirt. I was kneeling in the pool of blood forming underneath her. Blood was splattered across the kitchen. +

	The door opened, and Tommy walked in carrying a man over his shoulder. His jaw dropped when he saw me. It quickly turned into one of his smirks. +

	"Jules, I knew you were the girl for me," he said. "Did you do that?"9

	I looked down at the girl's brutally murdered body. The knife slipped out of my hand and clanged against the floor. Tommy put the man's body next to the basement door and ran out to the porch. +

	"Hey, Jimmy!" he yelled. "Get in here. You'll never believe it."+

	Tommy ran in, and I looked to see that Jimmy was close behind him. Jimmy's jaw dropped too, but unlike Tommy's it did not turn into a smirk. He walked over to me. His eyes were locked on the girl's lifeless body. +

	"She got the girl that ran away," Tommy said. +

	"I'm sorry," I said. +

	He got onto his knees and tucked the bloody strands of hair in my face behind my ears. His eyes looked so soft and warm. Those were the eyes that I first fell in love with when Charles brought me into the family. +

	"I made a mess," I said. 4

	He laughed and his lips curled into a smile. He leaned in and pressed his lips against my forehead. +

	"It's okay, sweetheart," he said. "Is the baby okay?"+

	"Yeah, he's good," I said as I reached down to cradle my belly. +

	"Good. Now, let's get you cleaned up."+

	He reached out for me and curled me in his arms. I was surprised that he was still able to lift me with all this extra weight. I nestled my face into his chest and grabbed a fistful of his shirt. I closed my eyes and did not open them until he set me down. +

	He had placed me in the tub. The white porcelain was surrounding me and the tap was in front of me. Jimmy pulled off my bloody clothes. I had soaked his shirt with some of Lydia's blood. +

	He turned on the tap and I let out a gasp as the cold water hit my skin. It turned lukewarm at a slow pace. Jimmy took the elastic out of my hair so that my long strands fell down my back and into the water. 1

	"I love you so much," he told me. +

	His lips lifted into a smile and the heat rushed up to my cheeks. It had been so long since I heard Jimmy say those words. Not only did we have meat again, but Jimmy was happy with me. +

	"I love you too," I said. +

	He leaned in and kissed me. I was so happy that we were back to our content lives. The next step was to have our son and move out.2

+

Jimmy helped me scrub the blood off of my body. I needed his help getting back onto my feet after. I looked down at the bathwater to see it was a mixture of blood and dirt. Jimmy wrapped a towel around me. He gave me a kiss before walking into the bedroom. +

	I brushed my hair and braided it. I went into the bedroom to see Jimmy looking through a drawer. He pulled out a dress for me to wear. I pulled the dress on. Jimmy wrapped his arms around me and kissed the top of my head. +

	"I love you so much," he said. +

	"I love you more," I said. +

	"That's not possible," he said. "I am so proud of you."3

	I smiled and rested my head against Jimmy's chest. It had been months since he had said anything so nice to me. I was the one who screwed up and cooked Tommy the rest of the meat, but now I got them a whole new body. They already dragged another body into the basement, but I got the girl. She would have run away if it was not for me. 2

	"We should go downstairs," he told me. +

	"Okay," I said. +

	He laced his fingers through mine and we walked down into the kitchen. Charles was leaning over the sink washing his hands. He was scrubbing his hands with a bar of white soap that was turning a light pink. +

	"Tommy is finishing up downstairs," he said. He looked over his shoulder at us. "Help him finish up, Jimmy. My knee is bothering me again."2

	"I will," Jimmy said. +

	He snaked his arm around my back and helped me sit down on the kitchen chair. Jimmy had not been this cautious with me since he first found out that I was pregnant. He gave me a quick kiss before going down to the basement. +

	I rubbed my stomach as I watched Charles continue to wash his hands. A large pool of blood stained the floor. I was expecting Charles to turn around and start ordering me to clean the blood. Instead, he turned around drying his hands on the dish towel. +

	He stepped over the pool of blood and pulled out one of the chairs. He sat across from me and cracked his knuckles. +

	"My, my, my, Juliet," he said. "When I brought you into this house, I never expected you to be killing someone. Don't get me wrong, you were quite a fighter when I found you in that perverted club."+

	"I'm sorry," I said, lowering my gaze to my belly. +

	"You should be," Charles said. "Juliet, you put yourself in so much danger. Not only you but your baby too. Women have a specific role in this family, and men have a certain job to do. They are in charge of hunting. The women don't do that. It's like Jimmy doing all of the cooking, cleaning, and carrying the baby. It's not right. Do you understand?"16

	"Yes, I do," I said quietly. "I'll never do it again."+

	"Good," he said. +

	I glanced up to see that Charles had his fingers tented in front of his face. I swallowed hard and tried to keep my head up. I was anticipating that he was going to make Jimmy punish me or he would even do it himself. +

	"Don't worry, Juliet. You won't be punished," he said. My eyes widened and my jaw dropped. Charles chuckled to himself. "Marilyn used to get the same look. I would talk to her and she would panic that she would be punished."5

	"I'm sorry," I said. +

	"Don't be," he said. "I like having you here, Juliet. You remind me a lot of her. It's only a few months after you give birth that I go get Tommy his wife. How do you feel about that?"1

	I shuddered at the thought of Tommy getting a girl. I remembered the way he grabbed me, and I would not want a girl to have to deal with that for the rest of her life. It would probably distract him from me though. He would stop staring at me with that stupid smirk. It would be nice to split up the chores too. 1

	"I guess it would be nice to have some company," I said. +

	"Jimmy doesn't keep you company?" Charles raised an eyebrow. +

	"He does. It would just be nice to have someone else inside while you are all outside. Like another girl to talk to. That's why I like talking to Emme and Lindsay."+

	"Well, Emme will be down in a few days and you'll have someone to talk to."+

	"That'll be nice."+

	"And then you'll have plenty of company when Tommy's girl gets here. She'll be scared at first, but you have to help us show her that this is where she belongs."+

	I nodded and smiled. +

	That poor girl. 21

--+

	It was nice to have meat on the table again. The rich smell of roast would fill the house and the boys would come into the house with a smile. Jimmy had stopped finding excuses to punish me and was treating me with care again. 1

	Taylor and Emme were coming over tomorrow. Charles told me to have the house spotless for their arrival. I was on my hands and knees scrubbing the living room floor. My back was aching and the summer heat was becoming unbearable. The sweat on my skin had caused the loose strands of my hair to stick to my forehead. Luckily, I had scrubbed clean the mess of blood in the kitchen a few days ago. +

	The kitchen door opened. The boys went outside a couple of hours ago after breakfast. I assumed it was Charles with his bad knee again. +

	"Julie," Jimmy gasped. +

	I looked over my shoulder to see him running toward me. I dropped the rag in the bucket of warm water. Jimmy put his hands under my arms and pulled me onto my feet. +

	"You shouldn't be on the floor like this," he said.+

	"I have to clean before Taylor comes," I said. +

	Jimmy lowered his head and nestled his face into my neck. +

	"The house is clean enough," he said. "I'll talk to Dad if he says anything. He may be my father, but I have my own family that I am responsible for now."7

	He rubbed his hands over my belly and the heat rushed up to my cheeks. Jimmy has protected me so much. This is the safest place that I have ever been to, and I knew that Jimmy was going to take good care of our sons. He would teach them to protect girls as he has protected me. 11

--+

	Jimmy and I woke early in the morning to the sound of his alarm clock. I yawned and rubbed my eyes as I rolled onto my back. Jimmy propped himself on his elbow and was staring down at me. +

	His hair was slipping out from behind his ear. He was always careful to make sure that it did not get too long since the night Tommy and Charles teased him. I was surprised that he let it get this long. He grabbed my hand and pressed his lips against my fingers.+

	"Taylor will be here in a couple of hours," he said. +

	"That's early," I said. +

	He has always been a night owl," he said. "He's the only one in the family that is like that. We used to joke that he never slept. They left hours ago."+

	He kissed me before rolling out of bed. He searched through the dresser drawers and pulled a T-shirt over his head and a pair of jeans on. He tossed a dress on the foot of the bed. +

	"You look really cute when you wear this," he said. "Especially with the bump."1

	I shuffled to the end of the bed and held it up. It was an awful burgundy dress covered in sunflowers that Jimmy made me wear often. He said his mother used to wear it all the time when she was pregnant. 5

	Jimmy watched me as I got changed. I stepped into the bathroom to brush my teeth, and Jimmy followed me. I usually had my hair tied back in a bun because of the heat. Jimmy pulled the elastic out of my hair with his fingers. +

	"Keep your hair down for today," he said. 3

	I nodded as he kissed the top of my head. I had not cut my hair since I became part of the family. After a year, it was down to my waist. I brushed through the knots in my dark hair. 4

	When I went back into the bedroom, I could not see Jimmy. I went down the stairs to see Jimmy and Tommy sitting around the dining room table. I pulled out a frying pan and grabbed some eggs from the fridge. +

	I could barely hear Jimmy and Tommy talking over the eggs frying in the pan. By the time I was almost finished, Charles came down the stairs and sat in his usual spot. I toasted a couple of pieces of bread and filled their plates before bringing them over. They scarfed down the food before Tommy pulled out a deck of cards. +

	I cleaned the dishes as they played cards. The sweat was building up on my skin, and I kept wiping my forehead with my arm. +

	When I finally finished, I sat down next to Jimmy. He put his hand on my knee, and he rubbed it back and forth as he played. I never asked to join in. +

	Hours passed and they continued to play without getting bored. They joked back and forth, and it was a nice atmosphere to have in the house. I was so lonely during the day, so it was nice to listen to them laugh. 1

	The sounds of stones crunching came from the driveway. Tommy set down his cards and hurried over to the window. +

	"They're here," he said. +

	There was the sound of a truck door slamming shut. Jimmy and Tommy went out the front door, and Charles was soon behind them. I got out of my seat. They left the door open, so I stood in the doorway. I did not know if I was allowed to leave. +

	Taylor, Jimmy, and Tommy all embraced each other. Emme was standing beside the truck. Her dark curls were pinned back and it looked like she had one of Taylor's shirts on. I have only ever seen her pregnant, so it was weird to see clothes hanging loose on her. Emme's smile dropped when she saw me cradling my belly. 7

	"Boys, break it up," Charles said. +

	They pulled away from each other. Jimmy ran his fingers through his hair. Taylor reached out and shook Charles' hand before turning his attention to me. His eyes grew large as he walked toward me. +

	"Whoa, look at you, Julie," he said. "Last time I saw you it looked like Jimmy hardly fed you, and now it looks like you are going to have a baby any day now."1

	"Thank you," I said. 1

	Jimmy walked over beside me, and he slipped his arm around my waist. He pressed his lips against the side of my temple. +

	"Yeah, she'll have our boy in a couple of weeks," Jimmy said. +

	"We'll see about that," Taylor said. 6

	My stomach twisted itself into a knot. Taylor thought that he was having a baby boy too, but he ended up having to kill his daughter. 1

	Emme walked to us looking even more somber. I would hate myself if I were her. +

	"How about you and Emme go inside to talk, Julie?" Jimmy said. +

	I could tell Taylor's comment made him just as uncomfortable as I was. +

	"Okay," I said. +

	Emme's lips lifted into a faint smile before completely disappearing. Taylor did not say anything, but his eyes were locked on her as she walked into the house. I walked in behind her. Jimmy closed the door and I listened as the lock clicked shut. +

	Emme then broke into tears. 3

I put my hand on Emme's back and guided her over to the kitchen. I pulled out one of the dining room chairs and helped her sit down. She wiped her tears off of her cheeks with the back of her hand. She ripped her glasses off of her face and set them down on the table.+

	"He did it, Julie," she sobbed. "He did it."1

	I knew what she was talking about, but I did not want to say it. I cradled my belly and prayed that I was carrying a boy. I could not turn into Emme in a few weeks. I pulled out a chair and sat across from her.+

	"I failed Taylor," she said. "How could I? I thought that it was a boy. I felt like it was a boy. When Taylor told me that it was a girl I begged and pleaded for him to let us keep her. I begged so hard, Julie."2

	I reached across the table and put my hand over hers. She lowered her head.

	"I'm so sorry," I said. +

	I did not know what else to say. I was never good with crying people. 3

	"It was a horrible noise," she said as she cried even harder. +

	"What was?" I asked.+

	Emme's head shot up. Her eyes were red and her tear streaked cheeks had gone pale. I bit down on my lip. I should not have asked. +

	"The crack," she said. "Taylor snapped her neck and this awful cracking noise was all that I could hear. It's like every time that it is quiet, this sound keeps playing over in my mind. It rings in my ears."28

	"I'm so sorry," I said. +

	Emme stood and rushed to my side of the table. She got down on her knees and put her hands on my belly. The baby started to kick. Emme could feel it, and her lips lifted into a smile. Tears were still trickling down her cheeks. +

	"Get out," she told me. "Get out of this house before you give birth. Don't lose your baby because of these traditions."17

	"I love Jimmy though," I said. 7

	Emme leaned back, but kept her hands on my stomach. She sniffled and shook her head. +

	"Julie, we were kidnapped," she said. 26

	"What?" I raised an eyebrow. 11

	"We're not here because we want to be," she said. +

	"I love it in this house. Jimmy, Charles, and even Tommy are protecting me. I have never been happier than this before. They're my family. They-"1

	"Julie!" She cut me off. "That is complete bullshit."17

	I gasped. If Taylor heard what she was saying she would be punished for sure. I don't care what Emme says, I know that Jimmy loves me. +

	"No," I said. "I love him."2

	Emme shook her head. I curled my fingers into a fist and let out a deep breath as I tried to control my anger. Emme's hand ran up my belly. +

	"If Jimmy loves you then why are you not allowed to go outside?" she asked. +

	"It's not safe outside," I said. 4

	I grabbed Emme's wrists and ripped her hands off my stomach. +

	"Why not?" Emme asked. "They're outside now."+

	"Because they're men and we are women," I said. "They have certain jobs and responsibilities, and so do we."7

	"Julie-"+

	"They're taking care of us."+

	"They do not love us!"1

	"Ssshh!" +

I threw my hand over her mouth. My eyes darted over to the front door. My heart was pounding in my chest. If they heard what she was saying we would both be punished. +

"You have to be careful what you say," I said in a harsh whisper. +

"I don't care anymore," Emme said. +

She pulled up the sleeves of her shirt. I was wondering why she was not wearing a T-shirt in this heat, but when I saw her arms I understood why. Her arms were laced with deep thick red lashes. She grabbed my wrists and flipped my arms over to show my own collection of scars. +

"They punish us all the time," Emme said. "If they loved us they wouldn't do that."18

"Jimmy is helping me learn how to be better," I said. 3

"Doesn't that sound like crap to you?" 1

I bit down on my lip and closed my eyes. I yanked my arms out of her grasp. +

"You're upset," I said. I still kept my voice low so that the men could not hear us. "You lost your baby and that is horrible. But rules are rules. Girls are not allowed to be born into this family. Taylor made it easier on you by killing her right away, and you should be thankful for that. You should not be talking about the family this way."7

"You'll understand when you have a girl," she said. +

"Good thing I am having a boy," I said. 34

--+

	Emme and I spent the rest of the day in an awkward silence. I kept my back to her as I cooked dinner. She had offered to help, but I told her to stay at the table. +

	When the kitchen door opened, I looked up to see Jimmy and Taylor walking into the kitchen. Jimmy was smiling, and it made me happy to see. He slipped his arms around my waist and kissed the top of my head. His scent of dirt and grass filled my nose. +

	"How was your day, girls?" Jimmy asked. 2

	"Good," Emme said. +

	Taylor pulled out a chair and sat next to Emme. She gave him a smile, and I knew that it was fake. She was upset with the family, but that would change when she gets pregnant again and has a son. She gave birth before I got pregnant, so she should be pregnant again soon. 4

	"Yeah," I said. 1

	Jimmy looked at me puzzled. I kissed him. When I pulled away, his eyebrows were still scrunched together. +

	"I need to talk to you later," he said. +

	My heart pounded in my chest. I nodded. He rubbed my belly before walking away. +

	"I'll be right back," Jimmy said. "I'm going to take a shower before dinner."+

	"Good," Tommy said. "You stink."6

	He was leaning back in one of the dining room chairs with his feet up on another chair. He was smirking and had his pocket knife out and was cleaning his nails. 2

	"You're one to talk," Charles said. Tommy's smirk dropped and he flipped the blade back into the knife. "I think we should all clean up for dinner. It's a special time. Your cousin is down."2

	"Fine," Tommy said as he got out of his chair and stormed upstairs. +

	I hurried across the kitchen and grabbed Jimmy's hand. He gave me a quizzical look, and I tried to give him a reassuring smile. We walked in silence as we got up to our room. I sat on the edge of the bed. Jimmy stared at me as he crossed his arms over his chest. 2

	"Julie," he said. "I can read you like a book. Tell me what is wrong."2

	"Nothing is wrong," I said. +

	Jimmy arched an eyebrow and shook his head. +

	"Don't lie to me," he said. +

	"I don't want anyone to get in trouble," I said. 1

	"Why would you get in trouble?"+

	"Not me."+

	Jimmy let out a deep breath and raked his fingers through his hair. He crouched down in front of me and grabbed my hands. He ran his rough calloused thumb over my knuckles. +

	"Taylor warned me that Emme may be upset," he said. "Now, tell me everything she told you."+

	"You promise that she won't get in trouble?" I asked. 5

	"I can't make that promise."+

	I sucked in a breath before I told him everything Emme told me. 103

 "Oh, Julie," Jimmy said. He put his one hand on my neck and slid it back into my hair. I grabbed his wrist. "You don't believe that, do you?"+

	"No," I said, shaking my head. "No, of course not. I love you so much Jimmy. I don't want to leave this house."+

	"Are you sure? Maybe Emme put some ideas in your head."3

	"No. I promise that she didn't. You're my family. I never want to leave."+

	"Okay." Jimmy got up from his crouched position. He pulled his hands off me. "I better take a quick shower before they start wondering where we are. You should probably get cleaned up a bit too."+

	I nodded and I watched as we went into the bathroom. I know that Emme is going to be punished, but I hoped that there was not a punishment waiting for me. I was the one that made her shut up. I did not want to listen to her bad-mouthing the family. 13

	I stepped into the bathroom while Jimmy was in the shower. I brushed the tangles out of my hair. I tied half of it back so that it was not so hot and heavy. I wanted to change out of this ugly dress, but Jimmy did not lay out anything else for me to wear. 1

	I was back in the bedroom when Jimmy came out of the shower with a towel wrapped around his waist. He put on a pair of jeans before digging through the bottom drawer. He pulled out a red dress shirt. +

	He was not saying a word to me, and I was worried that he was upset with me. He gets quiet when he's mad. +

	I walked to him and buttoned up his shirt. His eyes were locked on me as I did up each button until I got to his neck. I looked up at him to see that he was smiling. I got up on my toes and gave him a quick kiss. +

	"You're a good girl for not listening to Emme," he said. "When Tommy's girl comes she is going to say a lot of bad things about this family. I'm glad to know that you won't believe her."1

	"I love you," I said. +

	"I love you too," he said. "Now, we better get downstairs."+

	I nodded and he laced his fingers through mine. We walked down the stairs to see that we were the first ones in the kitchen. Jimmy helped me put dinner on the table as we waited. Taylor was the next to come down. +

	I looked over my shoulder to see that he had on a white buttoned up shirt and was running his fingers through his short hair. My heart was pounding as Jimmy whispered something into Taylor's ear. I was positive that he was telling him everything I said. Taylor walked over to the bottom of the staircase. 3

	"Emmie, hurry up!" he shouted. +

	Emme was soon running down the stairs. Her short curly hair was pinned back and he had on a striped dress. When she got to the bottom of the stairs, Taylor opened his arms and embraced her in a hug. Emme let out a faint laugh as she wrapped her arms around his neck. Maybe I was wrong. Maybe he was not going to punish her. 6

	He kissed her on the cheek and she came over and helped me finish putting dinner on the table. +

	Charles came down the stairs next. He had on a blue buttoned up shirt, and he had combed his thin greying hair. He smiled at the boys before sitting down at the head of the table. 1

	Tommy was the last to come down. We were already sitting around the table and the food was ready to be served. He had on a pair of black jeans and a black shirt. His usual smirk was on his lips when he saw us. +

	"Always have to be the last one to arrive, Thomas?" Charles asked as Tommy pulled out his chair. +

	"It just took me a bit longer to get ready than the rest of you apparently," Tommy said. He had already reached out for the mashed potatoes and was piling them onto his plate. +

"You look like you're going to a funeral," Jimmy said. +

We all laughed, but Tommy glared at Jimmy. +

Food was passed around the table. The boys shared stories as we ate and we all laughed. It wasn't until the end of the meal that Taylor leaned back in his chair, He put his arm around Emme's shoulders and her body tensed. +

"You love us, don't you, Emmie?" Taylor asked. 21

She nodded before taking a sip of water. Taylor bit down on his lip before looking across the table at me. At that moment, I thought I was about to throw up my entire dinner. 1

 "Does she, Julie?" Taylor asked me. +

"Of course she does," I said. 1

Jimmy put his hand on my knee under the table. He curled his fingers into my flesh. It was a silent warning that I better start telling the truth. Emme's eyes were bugging out of her head and her pale skin was going even whiter. 2

"This isn't a time to start lying,"  Taylor said. "Now, what does Emme think about this family?"+

"She's just upset," I said. "She didn't really mean what she said."+

	"Upset about what?" he asked. +

	"Her daughter."+

	"I lost a child too. Don't you think I am upset? I wanted to have a son."3

	"Taylor-" Emme started. +

	"Shut up," he cut her off. "After every single thing that I have done to protect you, this is how you decide to treat me? Nothing but disrespect?"2

	"I didn't say anything bad," she said. +

	"You told Julie that you two were kidnapped," he said. "We both know that is a lie."23

	Emme let out a deep breath. Her fingers were tightly wrapped around her glass. Her nose did its odd little twitch. +

	"It's true," she said.	2

"Noah and Charles saved you two,"  he said. "You would have continued to fry your brain with drugs if it was not for me."+

"I was happy."1

Taylor grabbed a fistful of Emme's hair and yanked her head back. She gritted her teeth as she squeezed her eyes shut. Her hands grabbed Taylor's wrist. 2

"Are you saying you're not happy now?" he asked. +

"Why'd you have to kill her?" 3

Emme's voice cracked. A tear rolled down her cheek. She let go of Taylor with one hand and wiped the tear away.  Taylor rolled his eyes. +

"We've been over this a thousand times," he said. "Obviously, what I am doing is not working. I'll have to think of something new to fix your attitude."6

"Taylor, please don't," she said. 1

"That's it," he said. "We're going home."+

Taylor stood with Emme's hair still in his grasp. She let out a hiss of pain as he pulled her out of the kitchen. +

"Jimmy and Tommy," Taylor said, "I'm going to need your help."3

Jimmy took his hand off of my knee as he stood. Tommy rushed out of the kitchen and over to Taylor. He said something to Tommy that I could not make out. Emme let out a scream, and Tommy snickered. Taylor dragged Emme out the front door. +

I stayed sitting until Charles got up and went outside. I did not want to know what was happening, but I was compelled to know Emme's fate. 12

Charles left the front door open, so I assumed it was alright to stand in the doorway. Taylor was dragging Emme over to the truck. She was kicking and screaming despite Taylor having his hand over her mouth. +

She kicked Taylor in the shin. He yelped and let go of her for a second. She wiggled out of his grip, but he grabbed her wrists. Jimmy swooped down and grabbed her ankles. He lifted her up off of the ground. +

Tommy came into view with two bundles of rope. He uncoiled the one thing of rope and began to wrap it around Emme's legs. Jimmy struggled to keep her still as she fought back. +

"You were once a fighter like this," Charles said. +

I looked to the side to see Charles was sitting on a chair on the porch. He glanced up from the scene in front of us to me. The corner of his lips lifted into a smile. +

"You've changed for the better, Juliet," Charles said. "Don't forget that."+

Tommy secured the rope around Emme's legs. They lifted her higher into the air and tossed her into the cab of the truck. I could not see her any longer, but I watched as they reached down and tied the other coil of rope around Emme. Taylor's hand was no longer over her mouth, so Emme's screams rang throughout the night air. +

I watched as Taylor said something to Jimmy, who nodded his head and ran toward me. He put his hand on the small of my back as he rushed by me. When he came back, he had a dish towel in his hands. +

"You probably shouldn't be watching this," Jimmy said. +

"You said she would not get in trouble," I said. +

"I told you that I would not promise anything."5

He stepped past me and walked over to the truck. He handed Taylor the dish towel and Taylor tied it around Emme's mouth. Her screams were muffled, but I could still hear her. Charles stood and leaned forward on the railing of the porch. 1

"Boys!" he shouted. "You're going to have to drug her. You can't have her making that noise the whole ride home."+

"Don't you think she'll tire herself out?" Taylor asked. +

"You can't risk it," Charles said. +

Jimmy hurried back over to me. He went into the house for a minute and came back with the black case in his hands. He unzipped the case and pulled out a needle and a vial. +

"We're running low, Dad," Jimmy said. +

"We'll have to get more," he said. "I wasn't expecting you to have to use so much on Julie."3

Jimmy filled the syringe full of the liquid and walked over to the truck. Emme's screams got louder when she must have seen the needle. Jimmy reached in and injected her. +

Taylor gave Jimmy and Tommy a quick hug before climbing into the truck. I rubbed my belly as I watched him pull out of the driveway. Jimmy came up to me and kissed my cheek. +

"Thank you for telling the truth, Julie," Jimmy said. 37

The next morning, we ate breakfast like nothing had happened last night. Flashbacks of Emme screaming played in my mind as I tried to eat my cereal.2

	Once we were finished, I went to stand, but Jimmy put his hand on my shoulder. +

	"Sit down, Julie," he said. "You're going to give birth any day now. I don't want you straining yourself and doing a lot of chores."1

	"But I want to clean," I said. 1

	"You can do your chores, but you need to take it easy."+

	Jimmy stacked our bowls and brought them over to the sink. +

	"How are you feeling, Jules?" Tommy asked. +

	"Good," I said. "Thanks."+

	His chair screeched as he stood. In the corner of my eye, I watched him walk around the table. I assumed he was going to go outside like he always does after breakfast. My heart pounded in my chest as Tommy pulled my chair back. +

	"Tommy!" Jimmy shouted. +

	"Calm down, Jim," Tommy said. "I want to try something that I read in a book the other day."5

	Tommy got down on his knees beside me. He hooked his finger around the chain on his neck and pulled the key off over his head. Jimmy walked over to us and leaned against the table. I looked over at Charles to see him staring at us. His elbows were resting against the table and his fingers were tented in front of his face. +

	"I was reading that you can tell the sex of a baby by holding a chain with something at the end of it over the mother's belly," Tommy said. 5

	"I've heard of this before," Charles said. "We did it with your mother before she had you Tommy. It said that you would be a boy."1

	"How does it work?" Jimmy asked. +

	"You hold the chain over her stomach," Tommy said. "If it swings in a circle you're going to have a boy. If it goes back and forth you're going to have a girl."10

	I looked over at Jimmy to see that his jaw was hard and his teeth were clenched together. We have never really talked about the sex of the baby before. Having a girl was something I tried my best not to think about. +

	I reached out and grabbed Jimmy's hand. He squeezed my hand tight. +

	"Try it out," Jimmy said. +

	Tommy smirked as he raised the shirt I was wearing, which was a very large men's shirt they had found, and exposed my belly. Jimmy's grip tightened on my hand as Tommy touched me. I ran my thumb over his knuckles to try and reassure him. +

	Tommy lifted the chain over my stomach. All of their eyes were on me, and I wanted to shrink away from their gaze. +

	The chain started to swing and we all watched it. My throat tightened as it swung back and forth. I prayed that it would soon switch direction and start to turn in a circle. +

	It did not switch direction. 8

	The chain swung back and forth over my bump. Jimmy's grip tightened even more and I gasped out in pain. Tommy pulled the chain back and put it back around his neck. He looked at me, still smirking. Jimmy let go of my hair, and I pulled my shirt back over my stomach. 1

	"It looks like you're having a girl, Jules," Tommy said. I chewed on my lip. It may have worked for Marilyn, but that did not mean that it works every time. Tommy got up off the floor and whispered into my ear, "remember our conversation at the top of the stairs."8

	The bile was rising in my throat as I thought about the day at the top of the stairs. I convinced him not to kill my baby so that Jimmy would have to when I had a baby girl. I never thought that I could possibly be having a girl. I only said that to save my baby's life. +

	I wondered how much Tommy thought about that. He said he couldn't wait to make me his wife, but surely he would change his mind when he gets his own girl. I had not thought much about it since that night. There were only three more months until Tommy's twentieth birthday. 4

	I can't wait until she comes. 3

--+

	I was humming to myself as I was sweeping the floor. The air was heavy and humid, and the sweat was building on my neck. I tied my hair on the top of my head, but it did not stop me from sweating. +

	The boys were outside on the farm, and I would have to start cooking dinner in a couple of hours. +

	I wiped the sweat off my forehead with the back of my hand. I let out a sigh as I stretched my back. Pain shot across my stomach and I gasped. Sweat was running down my legs. There was pressure lying at the bottom of my stomach. +

	I decided it would be best to keep cleaning. I tried to ignore the awkward feeling of sweat running down my legs, but I could not. I looked down to see through my jeans and left a dark stain running down my legs. 6

	The pressure did not let up and my heart began to pound. +

	My water must have broken. 1

	I dropped the broom onto the floor. I was about to give birth and no one was home. I ran to the door with my bump cradled in my arm. +

	I grabbed the door handle and tried to turn it. It was locked. I hurried over to the back door and tried to open it, but it was also locked. 1

	I was panting for breath as panic set in. I banged on the door with my fist.3

	"Jimmy! Charles!" I screamed. +

	I knew that it was probably useless. They were probably nowhere near the house. +

	I was going to be in labour for hours before it turned dark and they would be coming inside. 3

 The pain was intense. It would run up my stomach, and I would lean over in pain. At first, the contractions were not that painful and were far apart. As the hours ticked by at an agonizingly slow pace, the contractions became unbearable and closer together. My hips ached and the pain intensified as I leaned forward. 1

	My jeans were soaked after my water broke, so I went upstairs and changed into an old sundress. If I was about to give birth, I think this would be the best thing to wear. 4

	I spent the day curled up on the couch or on one of the dining room chairs. I kept looking out the window. I was praying that somebody would come inside early. I hoped Charles' knee was bothering him and he would come in. I hoped Jimmy would want to come in and check on me. I needed somebody now. 1

	The pain became too much to handle. I went to our room and laid down on the bed. I curled my fingers into my scalp. I tried to control my breathing as another contraction overtook my body. My eyes were stinging with tears. +

	I was terrified that I was going to give birth alone in this house. I did not know when to push or how to cut the umbilical cord. +

	What if it was a girl? I would have to hold onto my baby girl for hours before Jimmy would come in and snap her neck. I would not be able to hold my child and know that she was waiting for death. I could already see myself holding onto her and screaming as Jimmy tried to take her away from me. +

	I could not believe my ears as I heard the kitchen door open. +

	"Jimmy!" I screamed. +

	I listened to him run up the stairs. I cradled my stomach with my arm and sat on the bed. His hair was tousled and his eyes were wide when he saw me. 1

	"Julie." He ran over and kneeled next to the bed. He put his hand on my arm and was rubbing it. "What's wrong?"2

	"The baby is coming," I said. +

	His fingers curled into my arm. His jaw dropped and I watched as panic washed over his face. +

	"Okay," he said, getting up off his knee. He pressed his lips against my forehead. "Lean back on the bed and relax."+

	Jimmy stacked his pillow on top of mine. He was gentle as he put his hands on my shoulder and pushed me back. +

	"Don't worry," Jimmy said. He took a deep breath. I could tell that he was just as nervous as I was. "Just relax. I'll get Dad. He'll know what to do."+

	He turned on his heels before I had the chance to answer. I closed my eyes and tried to control my breathing. I could hear them running around downstairs. The baby would be here soon. +

	When I opened my eyes again, I felt the weight of somebody at the end of the bed. Charles was sitting there, with a stack of towels, and a textbook open beside him. His lips were curled into a wide smile. 10

	"Time to bring my grandson into this world, Juliet," Charles said. +

	A nervous giggle escaped my lips. Jimmy came into the room with another stack of towels. What were they going to do with all of these towels?+

	Tommy strolled into the room behind him. It made me mad to see him so calm. He smirked and then winked at me. I let out a deep breath and dropped my head on the pillows. I knew that he was thinking about our conversation at the top of the stairs. He believed that after this I was going to leave Jimmy for him. 2

	"Thomas, go up there and take care of Juliet," Charles said. +

	I muttered a curse under my breath. I would rather him be by my head rather than between my legs, but I wished that he was not in the room at all. I wanted Jimmy up here comforting me, but I had no choice. +

	Another contraction spread across my stomach and down between my legs. I gritted my teeth together. Without thinking, I reached out and grabbed Tommy's hand. He sat down on the edge of the bed next to me. He threw his arm over my shoulder and I reached for his other hand as the next contraction hit. +

	"Ready to break Jim with this girl?" Tommy whispered into my ear. +

	I shook my head. He chuckled and buried his face into my neck. I looked down at Jimmy to see him furrowing his brows together. +

	"Tommy!" he shouted. +

	Tommy pulled his head out from my neck and I closed my eyes. A new contraction hit and this one was much more intense. I howled out in pain and tightened my grip on his hands. Tommy gasped out in pain. He must not have been expecting it. 5

	I did not open my eyes until the birth was over. Charles told me when to push. I squeezed Tommy's hands and cried out in pain. There was a great amount of pressure. Whenever I stopped pushing there was a sharp stabbing pain in my stomach. Every time I would push the pain would lessen. 2

	All of the energy was gone from my body when I heard my baby cry. I let out a deep breath and smiled. My baby was healthy and breathing. +

I opened my eyes again to see Tommy. He was staring at the end of the bed. I wanted to sit up and look at my baby, but I could not find the strength to move. Tommy took a quick look at me before storming out of the room. 1

"Julie," Jimmy said over our baby's cries. "It's a boy."57

--+

As soon as my baby was in my arms, I forgot all about the pain. I had my beautiful baby boy with me. +

A boy. +

I knew it had to be a boy. +

Jimmy sat next to me on the bed with his arms wrapped around my body. Charles had washed the baby off before handing him to me. The baby was wrapped in one of the knit blankets. I barely noticed Charles smiling as he left the room. +

We had our family now. Our own family. Charles and Tommy were my family too, but this was different. Jimmy and I now had a child. We could now raise our own family. +

I couldn't stop smiling as I looked down at my boy. I could not believe how tiny he was. I was afraid to hold him too tight and squish him. He looked so fragile. He had a small circle for a mouth and a button nose. Thin strands of dark hair covered his pale scalp. His eyes were large, and it reminded me of Jimmy's. 1

"He's got your eyes," I told Jimmy. +

"He's got your nose," he said. 16

I turned my head and kissed Jimmy. When I looked down at my baby, his eyes were closed and his eyes were blissfully asleep. I tried my best to keep my arms still so that I would not wake him. +

"We still need to come up with a name," Jimmy said. +

"Yeah," I muttered. +

I was too distracted by my angel in my arms. +

"Have any ideas?" he asked. +

My jaw dropped. I could not believe that Jimmy would let me make such an important decision. He really did trust me. I did not think it was possible, but my lips spread into a wider smile. +

"Really?" I asked. +

"Yeah, of course," he said. "He's your baby too. I just don't want his name to be like James Junior. I don't like it when parents name children after themselves." 4

I nodded as I looked down at him. Picking out a name was a big responsibility. I never thought that Jimmy would let me be in charge of this. +

What would I call him when dinner was ready? What would I call him as I tucked him into bed at night? What would Jimmy call him if he needed extra help outside? What would they call him when they would go out hunting?+

"Hunter," I said. 42

"Hunter," Jimmy repeated. "I think it sounds pretty good."4

"You like it?"+

"Yeah," he said. He pressed his lips against my temple. "It's good. You did a good job, Julie."+

"Thank you."+

My jaw stretched and my eyes watered as I yawned. My body ached from fatigue and my eyelids were heavy. The last thing I wanted to do was sleep. I wanted to stare at Hunter all day. 2

"You should get some sleep," Jimmy said. +

"Not yet," I said. +

"Yes," he said. "Yes, you do. You're exhausted. You need sleep. Hunter will still be here when you wake up. I'll take care of him while you're sleeping."+

Before I could say anything, Jimmy stood. He reached down and pulled Hunter out of my arms. I wanted to warn Jimmy to be careful with him, but I knew that he already aware of that. My arms seemed empty without Hunter. +

Jimmy was holding Hunter in his arms. His hair was hanging out from behind his ears, but he did not have any free hands to tuck the strands back. +

"There's no crib," I said. 1

"Dad and Tommy are building one downstairs," he said. He looked up from Hunter and over to me. "They'll bring it up when you're awake. They want you to rest too."+

"You bought a crib?' +

"No. We had one in the basement. Now get some sleep."2

"Okay."+

I slid down the bed and settled myself into a ball on my side. It felt like I had just been punched in the stomach, which I tried to ignore. I watched as Jimmy cooed at our baby as he walked out the door. Fatigue soon overtook my body. 6

I practically jumped out of bed as soon as I woke. I was still sore, but it was not nearly as bad. I saw a wooden crib that was assembled in the corner of the room. I ran over to it, peered inside, and saw that it was empty. 1

	I hurried down the stairs. Jimmy or Charles must be holding him downstairs. Now that I was awake, I wanted to hold Hunter. He was inside me for nine months, and the only time I got to hold him was right after the birth. +

	I walked into the kitchen to see that it was empty. The living room was empty too. They could not have brought him outside. The sun was sure to hurt his sensitive skin. +

	"Jimmy," I called out. +

	There was no answer. +

	"Jimmy?" I tried again. +

	I scanned the entire bottom floor of the house to see that it was empty. I ran back up the stairs. I ran my hands through my heavy hair as I looked down the hallway. I went back into the room again to check the crib. He was so tiny that I wanted to make sure I did not miss him. 2

	I poked my head back into the hallway. My stomach twisted into a knot when I saw that the door to Tommy's room was open. It allowed a stream of sunlight to cast into the dark hallway floor. Tommy never left his door open. It was always closed. He did not even like me going in there to clean. He warned me not to touch any of his stuff. +

	The door creaked as I pushed it open. Tommy was sitting on the bed with his legs sprawled out. Hunter was in his arms. Hunter had a tiny pair of blue pajamas on, but most of my view was blocked because of Tommy's arm. Tommy looked at me when the door creaked and smiled. 1

	"Nice of you to join us, Jules," he said. +

	"Tommy," I said. +

	"Sit down." He raised his chin to gesture toward the end of the bed. +

	"Where's Jimmy?" I asked. +

	"He's outside with Dad," he said. "I told him that I was taking care of the chickens today. They don't know that I'm gone."1

	"Why are you here?"+

	"Juliet," Tommy snapped. I could tell that he was being careful not to wake Hunter. "I can't believe you're still asking questions. Shut up and sit down."+

	I dropped my head and walked over to the foot of the bed. I didn't want to talk to Tommy, but I could not risk not talking to him. My tiny, fragile baby was in his arms. He grew up in a family where killing newborns was common. I shuddered at the thought of what Tommy could do to Hunter. +

	I sat on the edge of the bed. My eyes were locked on Hunter and my fingers were curled into Tommy's quilt. +

	"Tommy," I said. "Please, don't hurt him."+

	"I hope you realize that you cannot keep him," he said. +

	"Why? He's a boy. You don't have to kill him."+

	"I know." Tommy stroked his fingers across Hunter's few dark hairs. "But this is a lot more complicated, Jules."+

	I wanted to ask why, but I could not. I just stared at him and fought with my body to stop myself from shaking. +

	"You see," he continued. "My girl is coming in a few months - Dad talked about getting her sooner - but I don't want her. I want you."2

	"I'm married to Jimmy," I said. +

	"Not if I can help it."+

	"Can I have Hunter?"+

	Tommy took another look down at him. He chuckled and shook his head. Visions of him snapping Hunter's neck filled my mind. I was afraid to blink because I was sure that would cause tears to roll down my cheeks. +

	"You're so funny, Jules," he told me. "Hunter. Pretty ironic name, isn't it?"6

	"I guess," I said. +

	"I have it all planned out," he said. "I will keep my girl for a few weeks so that it does not look suspicious. I'm getting a girl, so I can't really complain. I just hate it when they are always resisting and fighting back. You wouldn't do that to me, would you?"+

	I swallowed past the lump forming in my throat. "No."1

	"Good because after that we are going to leave this house. We'll probably never come back, but that does not matter. Jimmy will be pissed, and Dad always takes his side."1

	"He doesn't always."+

	"He always does. But that won't matter. It'll be just the two of us. Maybe if I can trust you enough we can move to the city and I can find a job there. Would you like that?"3

	I nodded my head and thought back to that day on the stairs. Making him believe that I was in love with him saved Hunter's life once, so I would have to do it again. +

	"Good girl," he said. "I'll need to train you a bit better before I can trust you. Jimmy hasn't tweaked all of your bad habits yet, like your questions and denying me. Doesn't really shock me though."+

	My teeth dug into my lip. I needed to tell Jimmy. He would tell Charles and then Charles would punish Tommy. I just had to be careful of Hunter. I did not want Tommy to get mad and kill Hunter. 1

	"What are you thinking about?" Tommy asked. +

	"The future," I said. +

	"Why are you crying?" +

	I had not realized that the tears were rolling down my cheeks. I wiped them away with the back of my hand. +

	"They're tears of happiness," I lied. 1

	Tommy threw his legs off of the bed and shuffled down so that he was sitting next to me. I opened my arms, and Tommy placed Hunter in them. My lips lifted into a smile when I felt his weight in my arms. His eyes were open and he was looking around the room. +

Tommy leaned over and kissed my cheek. I was nauseous every time Tommy touched me. He slipped one arm around my waist and grabbed the bottom of my chin with his other hand. He smashed his lips against mine. I stayed still, but his grip tightened on my chin. I let out a yelp and he pulled away from me. +

"Kiss me back, Jules," he said. 3

Before I could say anything, he started kissing me again. I forced myself to kiss him back. I put as little effort into the kiss as I could. I knew I satisfied him when he loosened his grip on my chin. A rush of relief filled my chest when he pulled away. +

"I better get back outside," he said. "We'll leave this house forever in two months. You tell Jimmy and I kill your baby." 6

--+

	Jimmy had left me another crib in the living room. This one was covered in faded fabric of monkeys and bananas. I looked inside to see a stuffed bear that was missing a button eye. I carefully placed Hunter down in the crib. +

"There you go, my little monkey," I said smiling. 13

I had to start cooking dinner, but I did not want to leave him. Tommy left the house a few minutes ago, but what if he came back in?+

I went into the kitchen. I made sure to stay close enough so that I could hear him crying. When he did, I would drop what I was doing and run over to him. His face would go red as he cried and threw his arms around. I would pick him up and coo at him, and if that did not work I would check his diaper, and then I would try to feed him. I breastfed only a handful of times, but I never seemed to get used to the feeling. 2

 It was pouring rain in the morning. The wind blew the rain so that it was pelting against the window. I had pulled Hunter's crib out of the living room and into the kitchen so that I would not be alone. I had a bowl in my arm and I was whisking the pancake mix. +

	I did not get any sleep last night, so I decided to get up early to make breakfast. I was worried about Tommy's plans all night. 2

	The sweet aroma filled my nose as I poured the batter into the pan. The sizzling of the batter was barely audible over the sound of the rain. After I finished the pancakes, I put them in the oven to keep them warm. +

	"Wow, it smells good, Juliet."+

	I spun around on my heels to see Charles at the bottom of the steps. He rolled up his sleeves as he walked into the kitchen. He leaned over Hunter's crib and picked him up. Charles sat down in his chair while he was cradling Hunter. +

	"Thank you," I said as I pulled the dishes out of the cupboard. +

	I placed the plates and cutlery on the table. A smile overtook my face every time I looked at Charles and Hunter. I could tell that he was looking forward to having grandsons. +

	"By tonight it will be a full house," Charles said. +

	"For sure," I said, ignoring the knot in my stomach. +

	The stairs creaked and I looked over my shoulder to see Tommy walking into the kitchen. +

	"Smells good down here," he said. +

	"Thanks," I said. +

	Tommy walked over to Charles and ran his finger along Hunter's cheek. He looked over his shoulder at me and smirked. I bit down on my lip. I did not want to know what was going through his mind. +

	"Tell your brother to get down here so that we can eat," Charles told Tommy. 1

	Tommy ran up the stairs and I pulled out the pancakes. +

	"Dad says get downstairs," he yelled through the door. +

	I placed the pancakes on the table and Charles handed Hunter over to me. I sat down and watched Tommy and Charles fill their plates. Jimmy was soon downstairs and joined us at the table. +

	"Aren't you eating?" Jimmy asked me. +

	"I'm not hungry," I said. +

	"Eat one."+

	"I'm really not hungry."+

	Tommy's plans had made me nauseous and the thought of eating made me feel even sicker. +

	"Julie, you need to eat," Jimmy told me. "You're not leaving the table until you eat one."+

	I nodded and slid one onto my plate. I used one hand to cut it with the side of my fork. I chewed it slowly and forced myself to swallow it. 5

	"Jim, I need that case with the syringes," Charles said. +

	"You got more of the tranquilizer?" Jimmy asked. +

	"What?"+

	"I told you that we were running out when I had to sedate Emme."+

	"No, you didn't."1

	"Yes, I did."+

	"James, I would have remembered that. You never told me that we ran out."1

	"He actually did, Dad," Tommy said. 2

	Charles let out a deep breath and ran his fingers through his thinning hair. I looked down to see that I managed to eat half of the pancake. +

	"My memory is getting worse," he said. "Boys, I need you to cover all the chores after breakfast. I'm going to have to head out early. I knew that the rain was going to slow me down, but this just made it a lot worse."1

	"You're going to get her without the tranquilizer?" Tommy asked. +

	"Yes," he said. "Let's hope she is not a fighter like Juliet was."1

	Jimmy looked at me and the heat rushed up to my cheeks. It seemed like forever since I was waiting for the taxi in front of the club. I was terrified at the time, but I had no idea how they were going to save me. 6

	"She'll love it here," I said. 6

	"Of course she will love it here," Jimmy said. "You need to help her see that, sweetheart."+

	Charles wiped his mouth and pushed his plate away from him. I shoved the last piece of pancake into my mouth. +

	"I should get going," Charles said as he got up out of his chair. +

	I got up and placed Hunter in his crib. I cleared the table as they finished eating. Charles pulled his arm through the sleeves of his jacket and we all said our goodbyes. I washed the dishes and Jimmy and Tommy went outside to do their chores. 5

	They were soon back in the house, changed out of their wet clothes, and sat at the dining room table to play cards. They made a few jokes but did not say much. I cleaned the house and cooked dinner, but neither of them said a word to me. 2

	Charles was not home for dinner. I was not sure when he would be home, so I served dinner and saved him a plate. I was washing the dishes when I heard a girl screaming. 1

	The headlights of Charles' truck shone through the windows.+

	"Tommy, go upstairs," Jimmy said. +

	Tommy didn't argue and ran up the stairs. I remembered meeting Charles and Tommy before I met Jimmy. This must be part of their tradition. +

	The girl's screaming continued. I stood at the sink and stared through the bars of the window. Jimmy grabbed my hips and turned me around. He ran his hands up my neck and cupped the side of my face. I wrapped my arms around his waist. +

	"You know I love you, right?" he said. 1

	"Of course." I smiled. "I love you too."+

	"I trust you," he said. "What you're about to see may be hard, but I know that you can handle it."4

	Jimmy kissed me before stepping away and opening the front door. Charles walked in with the girl over his shoulder. She had a pillowcase over her head. Her wrists were bound together and so were her legs. Her screams were muffled as she tried to punch and kick Charles. 1

	Jimmy pulled out a dining room chair and Charles set her down on it. Jimmy kneeled down in front of her and undid one of her arms before securing it down onto the chair with the rope. He then undid her feet and tied them to the chair. She tried to fight him off, but Jimmy easily overpowered her. +

	Charles raised his arms over his head and stretched out his muscles. He must have carried her for a long time. +

	He reached out and pulled the pillowcase off of her head. Her long blonde hair was stuck to her wet face. Her skin was heavily splattered with freckles. A piece of cloth was wrapped around her head, which was gagging her. Her piercing blue eyes were red and swollen. She continued to try and pull herself free, but she was not going anywhere. 1

	"What's her name?" Jimmy asked. +

	"Carrie," Charles said.2

	Carrie started to scream even louder. She contorted her back as she tried to push herself off the chair. Charles reached forward to move a piece of hair off of her face. Carrie leaned out of the way so that he could not touch her. She kept screaming, and it made me think of the girl that was screaming at Noah's house. Tommy stabbed her in the thigh to make her shut up. I wondered what he was going to do to her. +

 Tommy was late coming down to breakfast. Jimmy and I did not sleep much because of Carrie and Hunter's screaming. I was scrubbing the dishes clean as Jimmy and Charles were talking at the table. I could hear them murmuring, but I could not understand what they were saying. +

	Tommy came down the stairs and we all stopped to stare at him. He went outside without saying a word to us. Charles got up and followed him. Jimmy walked over to me. He placed a finger under my chin and tilted my head up. +

	"Remember what I told you," he said. "I need you to help out Carrie. She needs to learn how to be as good as you." +

	"I'll try," I said. +

	"Don't do any chores today," he said. "I want you to make her feel safe here. Tommy has probably terrified her."2

	I don't know what was making Carrie scream all night, but I could not imagine that it would be good. I nodded. +

	"Good girl." Jimmy leaned down to kiss me. "I should probably get outside. I love you."2

	"I love you too," I said. +

	I turned around and continued to wash the dishes. Carrie's bowl of oatmeal was sitting on the counter. I doubt that she would have much of an appetite. +

	Her faint footsteps were wandering around upstairs. I put the last dish away as I heard the stairs creak. I picked Hunter up out of his crib. +

	Carrie's long hair was dangling down in her face. Her left eye was swollen shut, and her right eye was bloodshot. Faint purple bruises lined her throat. 4

	"Good morning," I said, forcing a smile on my lips. +

	Carrie's eyes stayed on the floor. +

	"Sit down," I said. "I made breakfast."+

	Carrie pulled out a chair and sat. She took a quick look up at me and Hunter. +

	"Do you mind holding him for a minute?" I asked. 3

	She gasped as I placed Hunter in her arms. I watched as she shifted Hunter's weight in her arms. Her lips lifted into a faint smile as she looked down at Hunter. I poured Carrie a glass of water and brought over the oatmeal to the table. +

	"What's his name?" she asked. +

	"Hunter," I said. +

	I set Carrie's food in front of her and picked up Hunter. I sat across the table from her. Carrie stirred the spoon around in her bowl of oatmeal. +

	"You should eat," I said. +

	It was odd to tell someone what to do. It had been a long time. +

	"I want to go home," Carrie said. +

	"This is your home," I said. +

	The sooner I could convince her this was her home, the sooner she would behave, and the sooner Tommy would like her. If he liked her enough he would probably forget his plan. +

	"Please," Carrie said. "I need to leave here."+

	"Why?" I asked. +

	"You don't know what Tommy did to me." Her voice cracked and I watched as the tears rolled down her cheeks. Her body shook as she sobbed. "He's going to kill me."+

	"No," I said. 4

	I got up and put Hunter down in his crib. I hurried over to Carrie. I got onto my knees. I tucked my hair behind her ears and she sobbed even harder. 6

	"Carrie, Tommy would never kill you," I said. "He loves you."+

	"No, he doesn't!" she screamed. "You're all sick!"1

	I looked over my shoulder at Hunter's crib. Luckily, her screaming had not woken him. +

	"No," I said. "Trust me, Carrie."+

	I grabbed her wrists. She twisted her arms and tried to shake me off her.+

	"Don't touch me!" she screamed. "You don't understand!"+

	"They took me too," I said. +

	Carrie stopped fighting against me. She took in a couple of deep breaths before looking at me. Her face was bright red and her hair was matted to her face. +

	"What?" she asked. "Why are you still here?"+

	"I love Jimmy."+

	"How long have you been here?"+

	"Two years or so." I shrugged. "It has been the happiest two years of my life."3

	"How? Doesn't Jimmy torture you?"+

	"Torture?" I raised an eyebrow. "They never torture us, Carrie. They discipline us. If you show Tommy respect he won't have to punish you."+

	"Respect?" she spat. "I'm supposed to let him beat and rape me?"4

	"Tommy will never just beat you," I said. "They only ever hit us if they need to."3

	She grabbed my wrists and flipped my arms over. The scattered collection of scars surrounding my tattoo was on display. +

	"What did you do for these?" she asked. +

	"I screwed up," I said. "I made mistakes and got punished. Now, I know better."+

	She let go of me and wiped her cheeks. +

	"This is all so messed up," she whispered to herself. "This can't be real."1

	I bit down on my lip. There was so much that she did not know yet. I don't want to witness her breakdown when she discovers the truth about the meat. Jimmy was so sweet and caring that he helped me get through it. Tommy was so cruel he would just punish her the whole time. That is if he did not go through with his plan. +

	"I can help you," I said. "I can help protect you from getting hurt."+

	"How?" she asked. +

	"I haven't been punished in months," I said. "When I first came into this house I used to get punished a lot. I learned how to deal with the boys though. I know how to keep them happy. Do what I say and Tommy will stop hurting you."+

	"Can you help me escape?"3

	I gave her a faint smile. I watched a smile grow on her lips. +

	"Let's just start with this," I said. +

	Carrie nodded. I got off my knees and picked Hunter back up out of the crib. Carrie wiped her cheeks with the back of her hand before tucking her hair behind her ears. +

	"I was told that we don't have to do chores today," I said. "So we have all day to talk."+

	"By the way, what's your name?" she asked. +

	"Julie."4

--+

	Carrie only ever smiled when she was holding Hunter, so I let her hold him while we talked. +

	"Do you have any younger siblings?" I asked. +

	"Not really," she said. "I have a lot of step-brothers and step-sisters though."+

	"Your parents aren't together anymore?"+

	"They were never really together. My dad left before I was born and my mom remarried multiple times."+

+

 Jimmy was taking a bite of a cookie as I came downstairs. I ran to him and wrapped my arms around him as he shoved the remaining cookie in his mouth. He pressed his lips against the top of my head. Carrie walked into the kitchen. She was rubbing her arms up and down. +

	"Good cookies, Julie," Jimmy said. 1

	"James, don't ruin your dinner," Charles told him. +

	Jimmy chuckled and kissed my temple again. Charles went upstairs to wash up. Tommy walked in and I looked over at Carrie to see her chewing on her bottom lip. Her eyes were staring down at the floor. +

	"Were you helping Carrie?" Jimmy whispered. I nodded. "Good girl."+

	Tommy glared at us as he walked over to Carrie. Her eyes grew large as he grabbed the back of her head and smashed his lips against hers. She struggled as she tried to push Tommy off. +

	He let go of Carrie as soon as he was finished and stomped up the stairs. Carrie crossed her arms so that she was hugging herself. Jimmy followed Tommy upstairs. +

	"Let's start dinner," I said. +

	She nodded and we walked over to the counter. We made dinner while the boys were all upstairs. When they came back down, we were almost finished. +

	Charles was the first one down. He picked Hunter up and cradled him as he sat down. Carrie stayed close to my side. +

	Jimmy and Tommy came down at the same time. They were chuckling and Jimmy was running his fingers through his hair. They both sat down at the table. 4

	"Put this on the table," I whispered to Carrie as I shoved a bowl of potatoes into her hands. "Then sit down next to Tommy."+

	Carrie looked over at them before looking back at me. She shook her head. I smiled at her, and she stopped. She took in a deep breath before turning on her heels and walking toward the table. I grabbed the roast and brought it over to the table. +

	"Smells good, Juliet," Charles said as he handed me Hunter. +

	"Thank you," I said. "Carrie helped me."+

	"I know she's going to settle in well."+

	I placed Hunter back down in his crib. Bowls were being passed around the table. Carrie did not take any food so Tommy piled some on her plate. +

	"Eat," Tommy said. +

	"I'm not hungry," she said. +

	"I told you to eat."+

	She was pushing her food around the plate with her fork. She looked over at me and I gave my head a slight nod. We were the only two who saw it. She hesitantly brought the meat up to her mouth before chewing it. I knew she would have a meltdown if she knew what she was doing. +

	"Tell us something about yourself, Carrie," Charles said. +

	"There's not much to say." She shrugged. 2

	"Sure there is," he said. "Tell us something."+

	An awkward silence fell over the room. Carrie twirled her fork around in her mashed potatoes as she thought. +

	"I used to sing a lot," she said. +

	"Julie sings too," Jimmy said. +

	"Not often," I said as I could feel the heat rush up to my cheeks. Jimmy hasn't mentioned my singing since the car ride to Taylor's. +

	"You do it a lot," he said. "You're pretty good too. You sing to Hunter all of the time."+

	"You should sing something for us, Carrie," Charles said. +

	She shook her head. +

	"I couldn't do that," she said. "The only time I ever really sang was for my boyfriend."5

	Tommy brought his fist down onto the table. The plates and cutlery rattled. I gasped, and Carrie squeezed her eyes shut. +

	"Don't argue," he said. "Just do it."+

	"I....I can't do it," she stumbled over the words. "I was never any good."+

	"I can't expect much from you," he said as he ran his hand down his face. "It's your second day here. I haven't trained you right yet."2

	Tommy grabbed Carrie's wrist and pulled her onto her feet. Carrie screamed as she clawed at Tommy's arm. He pulled her away from the table and she fought against him. He wrapped his arm around her waist and pulled her toward the stairs. +

	"No!" she screamed. Tears were streaming down her cheeks. She dug her heels into the floor to try and stop Tommy. "Please, don't hurt me!"+

	"I'm just teaching you a lesson," he said. +

	"No! You're not going to brainwash me like you've done to Julie."10

	I looked over at Jimmy. His jaw was clenched. He was running his fingers along the chain around his neck. I reached under the table to rub his leg, but he did not seem to notice. Charles' lips were lifted into a faint smile. I was slightly relieved that Tommy was not harassing me for once. 4

	"Tommy, don't make too much noise," Charles said. "Some of us want to get some sleep tonight."1

	"Don't worry," Tommy said. "I'll gag her."2

	"No!" Carrie begged. "Please, don't! Just let me go home! Please, just let me go home!"+

	Tommy threw her down onto the floor. He swung his one leg over her and pinned her down onto the floor. Carrie screamed as she kicked her legs out. She struggled as she tried to get out from underneath him. Tommy fished around in his pocket for his knife. +

	My heart was pounding in my chest as I watched him flip the blade out. He held her hands above her head with one hand. He sliced the blade down her collar bone. Carrie started to scream even louder. +

	"Just shut up," Tommy said, "and this won't hurt."+

	He hauled her back up onto her feet. Blood was running down her chest and seeping through the material of the dress. Her face was bright red as she cried. Her pleads were mumbled with her sobs. Tommy pulled her up the stairs. I felt like I was going to throw up when I heard the bedroom door slam shut. +

	I secretly hoped that Tommy would gag her. I did not want to hear what kind of pain she was going to be in. 10

	"Julie, clean up the kitchen," Charles said. +

	He got up from his chair and went into the living room. I cleared the table and Jimmy stayed close to my side as I did the dishes. I could hear the faint sound of Carrie's sobs. +

	Please get used to it here, I thought to myself. Please. My family needs you to get used to it here. 2

 I slept through Carrie's screams much easier than I anticipated. Hunter's cries were the only thing that would wake me. I would rock and feed him until he fell asleep. +

	My eyes fluttered open when Jimmy ran his fingers along my cheek and into my hair. The sunlight was filling the room. I rolled over onto my back and stretched out my sore muscles. Jimmy must have not set an alarm. +

	"Good morning, sweetheart," he said. +

	"Good morning." I dug the heel of my palm into my eyes. +

	"I didn't set an alarm," he said. "I wanted you to get your rest. I know that dealing with Carrie can be a lot of work."+

	"Thank you."+

	"Get changed quickly," he said. Jimmy tossed a pile of clothes down beside me. "Carrie is still in Tommy's room. He told me that he wants her to stay there all day, so don't let her leave."+

	"I won't."+

	I slipped on the long striped dress. The bottom was worn out and faded. How many girls had this dress been passed around to? I combed my fingers through my hair and tied it into a bun. Jimmy watched me. +

	"You're so beautiful," he said. 2

	"Thank you," I said. +

	Jimmy wrapped his arms around me and pulled me in toward him. I cupped his face in my hands. I traced my finger along his scar. He leaned down and kissed me. His fingers tightened into my back and I got up on my toes to deepen the kiss. +

	Somebody pounded their fist on our door. Jimmy groaned and broke the kiss. His arms were still tight around me. +

	"What do you want?" Jimmy asked. +

	"I need to talk to Julie," Tommy said through the door. +

	"About what?"+

	"Just get out here."+

	Jimmy grabbed my wrist and pulled me over to the door. He opened the door and leaned against the frame. His body was blocking me from Tommy, who had his arms crossed over his chest. +

	"Tell her what you need to say," Jimmy said. +

	"Can I talk to her alone?" Tommy asked. +

	"Not a chance," he said. "I don't trust you alone with her."+

	"I'm just talking about Carrie. I'm not going to touch her."+

	"I don't care. Just tell her what you need to say. I can hear it too."+

	"Fine."+

	Tommy ran his fingers through his hair. I put my hand against Jimmy's back. I was thankful to have him between Tommy and I. +

	"Jules, I don't want Carrie leaving the room," Tommy said. "She's tied up right now, but you can untie her. Just don't let her leave the room."2

	"I'll try my best," I said, swallowing past the lump forming in my throat. +

	"She has a wound on her stomach," he said. "If she tried to overpower you just go for that. You'll stop her."1

	I squeezed my eyes shut and nodded. I hoped that I would not have to hurt her. Hopefully, she has warmed up to me enough that she will listen to me. +

	"Okay," I said. +

	Tommy glared at Jimmy before running down the stairs. Jimmy turned around and put his hands on my hips. +

"Go get Hunter from Dad," he said. "I love you. I know you'll do a great job with Carrie."+

"Thank you," I said. "I'll go get Hunter."1

Jimmy slid his hands off me. I followed close behind him as he walked down the stairs. Charles was sitting at the dining room table. He had Hunter in his arms and was talking to him, but I could not understand what he was saying. Tommy was at the table too. 6

"I can take him," I said, reaching out my arms. Charles passed Hunter over and I cradled him in my arms. Jimmy kissed my cheek before leaving the house with Charles and Tommy. +

I let out a shaky breath and tried to brace myself to see the state that Tommy left Carrie in. I carried Hunter up the creaky stairs and went down the hallway. Not a sound came from Tommy's room. My fingers curled around the cold door knob and I pushed the door open. +

Carrie was lying on the bed among a mess of blankets. Her wrists were tied to the bed frame with rope. Her blonde hair was matted to her face. A piece of cloth was wrapped around her mouth and was gagging her. Her eyes grew wide when she saw me. She pulled against the restraints and winced. +

"Don't hurt yourself," I said. +

She settled down and I sat on the edge of the bed. Most of the dress I had given her was torn off. A few shreds of cloth were covering her naked body. A new collection of fresh bruises and cuts covered her skin. I placed Hunter down on the pillow beside her head. She turned her head to the side so that she could stare at him. 2

Her head shot back to look at me.  I reached down and pulled away the gag. She took in a deep breath. +

"Please, Julie," she begged. "Please, let me go."+

"I can untie you," I said. "But Tommy told me that you have to stay in the room."+

My fingers fiddled with the rope. The knots were tight and I struggled to get them undone. Carrie gasped out in pain as my fingers grazed along her raw skin. +

"Julie, please," she said. +

"We'll have some girl time," I said. "I am staying here with you."1

I managed to loosen the knots and pulled them off of Carrie's sore wrists. She lowered her arms and tried to sit. She yelped out in pain, grabbed her stomach, and fell back down onto the bed. +

She has a wound on her stomach. +

My shaky hands grabbed her arms and pulled her hands off of her stomach. The fabric of her dress was soaked with blood. I peeled it back and Carrie grabbed my wrist. +

"Don't," she said. "It really hurts."+

"I just want to look at it," I said. "I want to clean it up for you so that it heals faster."+

She let go of me and let me finish peeling back the fabric. A large wound covered her side. It was much deeper than I was expecting it to be. Tommy must have stabbed her. +

"Can you watch Hunter for a second?" I asked her. "I need to run to my room quickly."1

She nodded. I ran to the bathroom in my room. I needed to be quick to make sure that Carrie did not have time to crawl out of bed and leave the room. I pulled a bottle of rubbing alcohol out of the cupboard. I grabbed a package of gauze and a few towels. +

When I got back to Tommy's room, Carrie was still lying on the bed. She was staring at Hunter. I sat back down on the edge of the bed. 2

"Keep talking to me so that this won't hurt," I said. +

"What do you want me to say?" she asked. +

I unscrewed the lid of the bottle and poured some of the alcohol onto the towel. I knew that this was going to hurt, but I could not tell her the truth. The pain was unbearable when Jimmy cleaned the wounds on my arms. I could not imagine what it was going to feel like to clean a stab wound. +

Tommy gripped my side even harder. I kissed Hunter's forehead. I was shaking and I did not want him to know anything was wrong. +

	"What do you say?" Tommy asked. +

	I squeezed my eyes shut as I tried to think. I didn't want Carrie to get hurt. I knew if he was nicer to her, she would settle in right away. I was Jimmy's wife though. If Jimmy found out that I had sex with Tommy he would kill me. +

	"Before you answer, I want you to know something," Tommy said. "I'm getting impatient with Carrie. If she continues to scream and fight me, I will make that wound on her stomach look like a scratch."+

	I struggled to swallow against the lump in my throat. I was nodding without even noticing. +

	"Okay," I said. "I'll do it."10

	"Julie," I could hear Jimmy say from the other side of the hall. "Come to our room."+

	"You won't regret this." Tommy kissed my cheek and I thought I was going to be sick. "If you tell Jimmy about this I will kill Hunter and Carrie."13

	I pulled myself out of his grasp. I stepped out into the hall. Jimmy was leaning against the doorframe of our room. I struggled to stop my feet from running toward him. I did not want Jimmy to know that anything was wrong. +

	He wrapped his arm around me and kissed me. He picked Hunter up out of my arms and smiled at him. +

	"I just wanted to get you out of Tommy's bedroom," he said. "You can warm up dinner. I'll take care of Hunter."+

	"Okay." I got up on my toes and gave him another kiss. +

	I hurried downstairs and pulled the leftovers out of the fridge. I hummed to myself as I tried my best not to think about Tommy's deal. My hands were shaking, and I could not stop them. Tommy would come inside tomorrow and force me into his bed. +

	An awkward weight came thudding down the stairs. I looked over my shoulder to see Carrie. She had a tight grip on the railing and Tommy was beside her. His arm was snaked around her waist as he helped her. Carrie's face winced with every step that she took. I listened as she shuffled over to the table and Tommy pulled the chair out at the dining room table. +

	I put the food on the table. Charles came down and smiled when he saw Carrie. She stared down at her knees and her hair draped down in front of her face. Jimmy came down with Hunter in his arms. He placed Hunter down in his crib. +

	We passed around dinner with no one knowing of this deal. +

--+

	I did not want to let go of Jimmy before he left to go outside. I had my arms wrapped tightly around him and had my face buried in his neck. Jimmy chuckled as I nuzzled my face into his neck and he rubbed my back. He pulled himself away from me and pressed his lips against my forehead. Charles and Tommy were already outside. +

	"Be good," he said. +

	"I will," I said before kissing him again. 2

	I watched as Jimmy left the kitchen. Carrie was sitting at the table and Hunter was in his crib. I did not see any new bruises or cuts on Carrie's face or arms. I knew that Tommy kept his side of the deal so I was going to have to repay him. +

	"We need to clean today," I said. 3

	Carrie nodded and followed me to the closet. I handed her a broom and pulled out the mixture of water and vinegar I use to disinfect everything. Carrie started sweeping the floor while I washed the counter and the sink. +

	"Is this all you do all day?" Carrie asked. +

	"Yeah," I said. "It gets really boring."+

	"No doubt. I'd go crazy."+

	"I couldn't wait for there to be another girl in this house."+

	"I won't be here for much longer." The doubt was obvious in her voice. "Someone must be looking for me."+

	I shrugged. "You never know."+

	I always gave Carrie the same blatant answer whenever she talked about leaving. I knew that she would not be going anywhere. +

	Carrie and I talked about pointless things for a few hours. She filled me in on everything that has gone on in the world for the past two years. She told me about celebrity meltdowns, new blockbusters, horrible crimes, and she even hummed me a few new songs. +

	The kitchen door opened and my heart dropped in my stomach. Tommy walked in and had his usual smirk. Carrie's eyes grew wide. She knew it was odd for him to come inside so early. +

	"Jules, get upstairs," he said. +

	I nodded and looked over at Carrie. +

	"Can you watch Hunter for a bit?" I asked her. +

	"Of course," she said. Her brows were furrowed together. +

	Tommy walked up the stairs and I followed behind him. My head was spinning as we got closer to Tommy's room. I thought that I was going to pass out at any moment. He reached out behind himself and grabbed my wrist before slamming the door shut. +

	His fingers curled tighter into my wrist as he pulled me closer to him. He crashed his lips against mine and the bile was rising in the back of my throat. His free hand ran down my back. +

	"Oh, God," he mumbled under his breath. "You don't know how long I have wanted to do this." 7

	I chewed on my bottom lip as I kept my gaze down to the floor. I had to keep reminding myself that I am doing this to keep Carrie safe and my family together. +

	"Get on the bed," he said. 2

	I turned around and crawled onto the bed. The sheets were still in a tangled mess. +

	Tommy pulled his shirt up over his head. The key dangled around his neck. I brought my knees up to my chest and wrapped my arms around myself. +

	"Come on, Jules," he said. "Take off your clothes."+

	I let out a shaky breath and untangled myself. My fingers fumbled with the buttons on my shirt. Tommy's eyes were locked on my chest. He pushed me back on the bed and climbed on top of me. He pressed his lips against my neck and trailed down to my collarbone. 2

	Tommy leaned back and unbuttoned my jeans. He ripped them off and I squeezed my eyes shut to stop myself from crying. Tommy had harassed me when I first came to the house, but I have never been this exposed to him before. +

	I listened as he undid his belt. +

	I had to keep reminding myself that I was doing this to keep Carrie safe and keep my family together. +

--+

	Tommy was panting when he rolled off me. My eyes and nose burned with tears that I was holding back. I laid there and I let him assault me. The worst part was when he made me talk. 4

	"I want you to make those noises," he said as he was thrusting inside me. "The ones I can hear you making with Jimmy."19

	I chewed on my lip before I forced myself to moan. +

	Tommy snaked his arm around my shoulders and I clutched the blankets to my chest. He let out a deep breath and ran his fingers through his hair. +

	"That was better than with Carrie," he said. "I am going to like this deal."+

	I squeezed my eyes shut. +

	"I better get going," I said. "Carrie is probably suspicious and may tell Jimmy or Charles."1

	"She won't," he said. "She's too scared to."+

	I curled my fingers tighter into the blanket. I couldn't bear lying in this bed. I wanted to grab Hunter, cry, and run outside to Jimmy. He could never know about this though. +

	"Dad and Jim are going into town Sunday," he said. "We're going to leave while they are gone."+

	"What day is today?" I asked. +

	"Thursday."1

	Three days. +

	I only had three days to figure something out. It was seeming less likely that Tommy was going to fall in love with Carrie. +

	"I better get going," Tommy said. "I don't want Dad noticing that I am gone."+

	I sat on the bed. The blankets were still in my grasp and hiding my body. Tommy propped himself up on his elbow. I grabbed my clothes off of the ground with my free hand. Tommy watched me as I put my clothes back on. I hurried out of Tommy's room without looking back. +

	I ran down the stairs to see Carrie was holding Hunter. She had Hunter in one arm and was dusting the shelves in the living room with her other hand. Carrie's face went pale when she saw me. I ran my fingers through my disheveled hair. I took Hunter out of her arms. +

	"Julie, what happened?" she asked. +

	Tommy came down the stairs and we turned to look at him. He walked over to the door. He stopped and looked over his shoulder. +

"Keeping our deal for tomorrow too?" he asked. +

I nodded before looking down at Hunter. The door slammed shut. Carrie reached out and rubbed my back. +

"Julie, what is going on?" she asked. +

"It doesn't matter," I said. +

A tear rolled down my cheek and I wiped it away with the back of my hand. Carrie's eyes widened and she shook her head. 3

"What is this deal?" she asked. "Is Tommy hurting you?"+

"I told you that it doesn't matter," I said. I did not want to tell Carrie. She would probably tell Charles trying to protect me. "Don't ask Tommy either. It will upset him."1

"Julie-"+

"Keep cleaning. I'm going to start dinner."+

I turned around before she could say anything. I placed Hunter down in his crib. I pulled some meat out of the fridge. I diced up some carrots as I let the meat fry. +

I was thankful that Carrie did not say anything else to me. 6

+

 I ran to Jimmy as soon as I saw him come through the kitchen door. I wrapped my arms around his neck and he stumbled back a few steps. He chuckled and hugged me. 2

	"You almost knocked me over," he said. +

	"I think she's too tiny for that," Tommy said as he came through the door. +

	I nuzzled myself into Jimmy's chest and grabbed fistfuls of his shirt. He kissed the top of my head before slipping his arms off of me.+

	"I should wash up," he said. +

	"I missed you today," I said. +

	"I'll be quick." He gave me another kiss. "Finish putting dinner on the table."+

	"Okay," I said as I pulled away from him. +

	I watched as Jimmy followed Tommy up the stairs. Carrie helped me put the rest of the dinner on the table. We both froze when we saw Charles walk into the kitchen. +

	He was panting for breath. His face was bright red and sweat was rolling down his forehead. He was clutching at his chest. He lowered himself into his chair. 25

	Jimmy and Tommy were laughing as they walked down the stairs. Jimmy stopped laughing and his smile dropped when he saw his father. Tommy looked at Jimmy before shifting his gaze to Charles. His eyes widened. +

	"Dad, what's wrong?" Jimmy asked. +

	"Nothing," Charles said in between breaths. "I just seem...to not catch...my breath....my chest hurts."2

	"Maybe you should go lie down," Jimmy said. +

	"Nah," Charles wheezed. "I'll be okay."8

	"Dad-" Tommy started. +

	"No!" he shouted before clutching his chest even harder. "Boys, I don't need your help."+

	"Does your arm hurt too?" Carrie asked. +

	Tommy glared at her. She looked down at her feet. +

	"Carrie, be quiet," Tommy said. +

	"My arm does hurt," Charles said. +

	My heart sank in my chest when I realized what was going on. +

	"He's having a heart attack," I said. 3

	"What?" Jimmy said. He ran over to Charles and kneeled down in front of him. "What do we do?" 1

	"We have to bring him to the hospital," Carrie said. 1

	"No," Charles said. "I am not going to a hospital. I'd rather die in this house."4

	"You're not going to die, Dad," Tommy said. +

	"Tom, help me get him to the couch," Jimmy said. +

	Tommy hurried over and threw Charles' arm over his shoulder. Jimmy did the same and they helped Charles out of the chair. They shuffled him into the living room and laid him down on the couch. 2

	"Carrie," Tommy said. "Grab a pillow off our bed."+

	She nodded before running up the stairs. Tommy sat on the edge of the reclining chair with his eyes locked on Charles. Jimmy was pacing around the living room. I reached out to grab Jimmy's arm, but he shook me off. 1

"Dad," Jimmy said. "You're not dying."+

"My father had a heart attack," Charles said. "It was like this and he died."14

Carrie ran down the stairs with a pillow in her arms. She folded it in half and placed it behind Charles' head. He shut his eyes. +

Carrie walked over to me in the corner of the living room. We watched it all happen, knowing there was nothing that we could do. +

"James, you'll be the man when I am gone," Charles wheezed. +

"Dad, you're not -" Jimmy's shaky voice said. +

"Let me speak," Charles said. "I want you to take over the family. I know you'll do a good job."+

Jimmy got on his knees beside the couch. He grabbed Charles' hand and squeezed it. Charles' eyes were still closed. +

"Dad," Jimmy pleaded. "Please."+

Charles never answered. We waited in silence for a few minutes before he stopped breathing. 77

--+

	Carrie and I waited around the dining room table as Jimmy and Tommy buried Charles in the backyard. Hunter was fast asleep, but I held him in my arms. We sat in silence, unsure of what to say to each other. 21

	Tommy came back into the house first. His clothes were caked in dirt. He pulled his shirt over his head; the key dangled against his chest. +

	"Carrie, get upstairs," he said. +

	She nodded before looking over at me. She went up the stairs and Tommy was close behind her. The door slammed shut, and I did not hear another noise. Hopefully, Charles' death had made him sensitive enough to be kind to Carrie for the night. +

	Jimmy came into the house rolling up the sleeves of his shirt. He did not look at me and went right over to the sink. He scrubbed his hands clean. I got up and walked toward him. He dried his hands on a towel and I poured him a glass of water. He pulled out one of the chairs and sat. I set the glass down on the table and sat on Jimmy's lap. He ran his hand up my leg and I rested my head on his shoulder. +

	"Jimmy," I broke our silence. "Are you okay?"+

	"Julie, I don't want to talk about it," he said. +

	"You need to talk about it. It's the only thing that will help."+

	"How would you know?"+

	I lifted my head off his shoulder and turned to look at him. +

	"Both of my birth parents died," I said. +

	Jimmy bit on his lip and lowered his gaze. He reached out for the glass and gulped down the water. +

	"You and Hunter should get to bed," he said. +

	"I want to make sure that you're alright though," I said. +

	"No problem. I will come up with you."+

	I gave him a faint smile and I could tell Jimmy forced himself to smile back at me. I got off his lap and grabbed his hand. We walked up the stairs together and went into our room. +

	I set Hunter down in his crib. Jimmy pulled off his dirty clothes and crawled into bed. I did the same, not bothering to fish through the drawers for pajamas. Once I was in bed, Jimmy snaked his arm around my waist. He pulled me tight against his chest and buried his face in my neck. Jimmy's warm tears rolled onto my skin. 2

--+

	Jimmy hadn't set an alarm for the morning. I woke to see the sun peering through the window. The bars were shadowed on the floor. +

	Jimmy was sitting in the rocking chair with Hunter. He was making faces and cooing at our baby. My lips curled into a smile and I propped myself up on my elbow. Jimmy smiled when he looked up at me. +

	"Look, Mommy's awake," he said. +

	Jimmy got out of the chair and sat on the edge of the bed. He looked down at Hunter and smiled before he looked up at me with his soft brown eyes. +

 Jimmy rocked me as I cried into his chest. My eyes burned with tears as I tried to control myself from sobbing. It was pointless. I couldn't stop crying. +

	"Once you leave -" I started to explain. +

	"Ssshhh," Jimmy shushed me as he leaned down to press his lips against my forehead. +

	"Tommy-" I started. +

	"I'm right here." I opened my eyes to see him leaning against the doorframe. "I don't think there is anything you need to say. You should probably rest. Especially if you're pregnant."+

	His silent threat hung heavy in the air. +

	"He's right," Jimmy said. "You need to get to bed."1

	I bit my lip to hold back a whimper. I buried my face in his chest. I took in a deep breath of his scent. God, I was going to miss this smell. 3

	"I promise I am going to take care of you and Hunter." His hand slipped over my belly. "And our new little baby."2

	I shook my head. "I don't think I am pregnant."+

	"You never know," he said. "Now, let's get you to bed so that you can rest."+

	Jimmy got up off the floor with me in his arms. He curled me into his chest and I clung to his shirt. I squeezed my eyes shut and listened to his heartbeat. I listened to it every night for the past two years. I don't know how I am going to fall asleep without it. I'd rather kill myself than spend the rest of my life with Tommy. 3

	Jimmy placed me down on the bed. He pulled my arms off him. His lips were spread into a smile. He sat on the edge of the bed and rubbed my leg to comfort me. I reached up and cupped his face, letting my thumb trace along the scar on his cheek. +

	"Sleep for an hour," Jimmy told me. "You can return to your chores once you feel better."1

	"I feel fine," I said. "That's not why I was sick."+

	"Why were you sick then?"+

	I sucked in a deep breath. I wanted to tell Jimmy, but Tommy would kill Hunter. There is no way that Jimmy could protect us all the time. Tommy would sneak into the house during the day and snap Hunter's neck. +

	"When are we moving?" I asked. "You said we could move to that house down the street and it's been over a year."+

	Jimmy raised an eyebrow and shook his head. +

	"The Fergusons?" he said. "They haven't moved out yet. Besides, what is this sudden rush to get out of this house?"1

	"I hate the way Tommy treats Carrie," I said. "I don't want to witness it anymore."+

	"Now that Dad has died it probably won't be for a while. I don't think Tommy will want to leave Carrie alone in this house right now."1

	Jimmy grabbed my chin and leaned down to kiss me. +

	"Don't worry about where we live," Jimmy said. "We have the rest of our lives together."+

	I bit my lip and nodded. Jimmy kissed me before getting up off the edge of the bed. I rolled onto my stomach and cried into the pillow. I wanted to hide my crying from the family. 2

	I kept lifting my head from the pillow to check the time. I waited for an hour to pass, just like Jimmy told me to. Time ticked by slowly as horrible images filled my mind. +

	Charles' death had distracted Tommy from me. My stomach twisted whenever I thought about what I have done with him. I could not let that be the rest of my life. I'd have to lie back and let Tommy do whatever he wanted to me. My skin still felt dirty from where Tommy had touched me. 5

	I clutched my stomach when I felt the bile rise at the back of my throat. I hoped that I would not have to run to the bathroom again. Tommy's words rang through my head. What if I was pregnant again? Tommy would definitely throw me down the stairs if he discovered that I was pregnant with another one of Jimmy's babies. 1

	An even worse thought crossed my mind. +

	What if it was Tommy's?7

	It couldn't possibly be. We just had sex a couple of days ago. Morning sickness wouldn't show up that fast, would it? I never paid much attention during sex ed. I sat in the back of my class making jokes with my friends during the class. 1

	I squeezed my eyes shut when the room seemed to begin to spin. I couldn't worry about pregnancy right now. I had to focus on Jimmy and Hunter and keeping our family together as one. +

	I rolled out of bed and dragged my feet downstairs. Carrie was sweeping the floor as she hummed to herself. She looked up at me and forced a smile on her lips. +

	"Are you feeling better?" she asked. +

	"Yeah." I nodded. "I just needed a quick nap."+

	"Julie, can I ask you something?"+

	"What is it?"+

	I picked Hunter up from his crib. I kissed his cheek before cradling him in my arms. +

	"When are we getting out of here?" she asked. +

	"What do you mean?" I asked. +

	"When are we escaping?"+

	"Why would we want to escape?"1

	Carrie dropped the broom and rushed over to me. She grabbed my shoulders and curled her fingers into my shoulders. The bruises on her face were beginning to fade. +

	"I'm not stupid," she said. "I know Tommy is in love with you. I have no clue what Tommy is going to do to us tomorrow when Jimmy is gone."+

	"Why would you say that?" I asked. +

	"I heard the deal that you two made," she said. Her eyes were wide and brimming with tears. "If you had sex with him then he wouldn't hurt me. I can't believe that you would do that for me. I mean, no one has ever cared for me like that before."+

	"You can't tell anyone."+

	"He shouldn't be doing this to you. We need to leave."+

	"I'm not leaving Jimmy."+

	"Julie, please!"+

	"No." I shook my head. 5

	Tears began to roll down Carrie's pink cheeks. I had to take a deep breath to stop myself from crying. +

	"Tommy is going to hurt us tomorrow," she sobbed. "It's going to be bad. Tommy is looking forward to tomorrow. I don't know him well, but I know that when he's looking forward to something it is not good."+

	"Nothing will happen to you," I said. +

	I said it believing that it would be true. Tommy wants to run away with me, but he never mentioned Carrie. I didn't know if he planned on killing her or if he was going to leave her here with Jimmy. A horrible thought of Jimmy, Carrie, and Hunter being a family filled my mind. +

	"Let me tell Jimmy about the deal," she begged. +

	"No!" I shouted. "Do you have any idea how badly I will be punished if Jimmy finds out? I did it for you and this is my thanks?"+

	"I won't tell him that it was a deal," she said. "I'll tell him that Tommy raped you. He can't be mad at you for that."+

	"He'll be mad at me for keeping it a secret!"+

+

 Carrie was gone when Jimmy and I came back into the house. A line of blood was splattered across the floor. I'd have to spend tonight scrubbing it away. 1

	"I have to go outside and finish a few more chores," Jimmy said. "You'll be okay in here by yourself?"5

	I looked up the stairs. I couldn't hear them, but Tommy and Carrie must be in their room. What he was doing to her? 1

	"I'll be fine," I said, giving him a faint smile. +

	"That's my girl." He leaned in to give me a quick kiss on the cheek. "I'll only be an hour."+

	I set Hunter down in his crib and watched as Jimmy left the house. I grabbed a bottle of bleach out from under the sink and I grabbed an old rag. I got on my knees and scrubbed the blood off the floor. 1

	I could hear Tommy moving around upstairs. Every step he made would cause the floor to creak and my stomach would twist in a knot. He was going to take me away tomorrow, and there was nothing that I could do. +

	No. +

	I couldn't think that way. I couldn't believe it. Jimmy and Hunter were the best things to ever happen to me. I was not going to lose them because of Tommy. +

	I couldn't ask Jimmy to protect me because that would result in Tommy killing Hunter. If Tommy was going to take me out of this house, I was not going to go without a fight. He did not want Carrie because she fought back and argued. 1

	The only option was to get rid of Tommy completely. I'd have to kill him. Jimmy may not trust Tommy, but he would be furious at me if I killed his brother. I'd have to make it look like an accident, but that would be impossible. Maybe I could make it look like he had fallen down the stairs, but I do not know how to pull that off. +

	What would happen to Carrie? Would she stay here with us?+

	My thoughts were cut off when Tommy came running down the stairs. He stopped when he saw me on my hands and knees. His lips curled into a smile and he crossed his arms over his chest. +

	"Are you excited?" Tommy asked. +

	I bit down on my lip and started scrubbing the floor even harder. The sharp smell of bleach burned my eyes and nose. Tommy bent down next to me so that he was sitting on his heels. I tried not to look at him. +

	"I'm going to go out and talk to Jimmy," he said. "I know he's nervous about leaving you alone with me tomorrow. His worries are about to go away."+

	I glanced up at him before looking back down. +

	"I'm going to tell him I'm following what he did to you," he said. "I'll tell him that I am going to spend all of tomorrow taking care of Carrie. He'll think that she'll be warming up to me. He'll have no idea what is going to happen."+

	A tear rolled down my cheek. I wiped it away with the back of my hand. Tommy reached out to pet my hair. I flinched under his touch. Tommy took a fistful of my hair and pulled my head back so that my neck was at a painful angle. +

	"Don't cry, Jules," he said. "Everything will be perfect soon."1

	Tommy let go of my hair and threw me onto the floor. I watched as he stormed out of the kitchen. I finished cleaning the blood before starting dinner. +

	By the time I finished putting the food on the table, Jimmy and Tommy came back inside. They were laughing. What did Tommy say to Jimmy? +

	Jimmy sat down in his seat and Tommy picked up his plate and loaded it up with food. +

	"I'm going to bring some food up to Carrie," he said. "I told her to rest, but she's probably hungry."+

	"No problem," Jimmy said. +

	Tommy nodded and went up the stairs with his plate of food. Jimmy began to dig into his meal. I pushed my food around my plate with a fork. The knot in my stomach was too tight to eat. Jimmy looked up and noticed me not eating. +

	"Julie, you need to eat," he said. +

	"I'm not very hungry tonight," I said. +

	He dropped his fork on his plate, took a gulp of water, and wiped his mouth with the back of his hand. +

	"What's wrong?" he asked. +

	"Nothing." I gave him a faint smile to reassure him. +

	"Julie, don't lie to me."+

	I let out a deep breath and ran my fingers through my hair. +

	"Do you really need to go into town tomorrow?" I asked. +

	"Sweetheart, we're running low on supplies," he said. "I need to go into town soon."+

	"And Hunter and I can't go with you?" I asked. +

	"We've been over this. It's not going to happen."+

	"I really don't want to be alone with Tommy."+

	"Stay in our room with Hunter. Tommy should be busy with Carrie anyways."2

	I nodded and took a bite of my food. I wished that I still had my precious lock on my bathroom door. +

	"Carrie looked like she was really hurt," I said. +

	Jimmy's face softened and looking into his big brown eyes made my bottom lip tremble. I was going to miss those eyes. +

	"She's going to be okay," he said. "Tommy had to do it. Carrie had to learn that she can not say those kinds of things about this family. She'll be more respectful after."1

	I nodded and looked down at the plate. +

	"You want to go to our room after dinner?" Jimmy asked. "You look like you could use a long night of sleep." +

	I shook my head. I wasn't going to be able to sleep a wink tonight. +

	"Jimmy?" I asked. +

	"Yes?" he asked before shoving another forkful of food into his mouth. +

	"Can you read Lord of the Flies to me tonight?"+

	"Of course."+

--+

	Jimmy never bothered to ask me what was wrong in the morning. As soon as his alarm went off, I rolled on top of him and buried my face in his neck. I took in a deep breath of his scent. His arms wrapped around me for a quick hug before he rolled me off him. I followed him around the room as he got changed and wrapped my arms around him whenever I got a chance. He chuckled before turning around to kiss me. +

	"You're clingy today," he said. "I like it."+

	"I love you." I nuzzled my face into his chest. +

	"I love you too," he said, kissing the top of my head. "You better get changed."+

	Jimmy opened the drawer and handed me a pile of clothes. I pulled off my clothes and changed into the jeans and T-shirt he gave me. Seeing that it was one of his old shirts gave me a sense of relief. At least I would have something of his that I could hold onto. +

	I picked up Hunter and grabbed Jimmy's arm and followed him down the steps. Tommy was already at the table eating a bowl of cereal. My grip tightened on Jimmy's arm. Jimmy sat down in his seat and I grabbed us a couple of bowls. +

	"What time are you heading out?" Tommy asked. +

	He was already eager to get us out of the house. +

	"Right after breakfast," Jimmy said. "I'll be home for dinner."+

	I curled Hunter tighter into my chest. I could not bring Hunter with us. Tommy would eventually hurt him. Jimmy would do a better job raising him. +

	"Is Carrie awake?" Jimmy asked. +

	"She was still asleep when I came down here," he said. 1

	"Remember to be kind to her today. It'll make her act a lot better."+

	Tommy nodded. I saw him take a quick look at me and smirk. I swallowed the lump forming in my throat and held Hunter to my chest. +

	I looked over at Jimmy's bowl to see that it was almost empty. He was going to have to leave soon. +

	"Do you want more cereal?" I asked. +

	"No," he said. "I'm good."+

	"Are you sure? You need your energy for the day."+

	"I'm good, Julie."3

	He took the last spoonful of cereal and tilted the bowl back to drink the milk. He slid the bowl over to me, and I gathered them before putting them in the sink. Jimmy was already sliding on his faded plaid jacket. I placed Hunter down in his crib, ran over to him, and hugged him. He chuckled and patted my back. +

	"Julie, I'll only be gone for a few hours," he said. "You'll see me soon."+

	No. I was never going to see him again. +

	"I'm going to miss you." I struggled to stop my voice from wavering. +

	"I'll miss you too, sweetheart," he said. "I love you."2

	I got up on my toes and kissed Jimmy. I moved my hands up so that my arms were around his neck. Jimmy's arms tightened around my waist as our kiss deepened. I wanted him to feel the desperation in my kiss. He needed to know that I needed him here.+

	My heart dropped when he broke our kiss. +

	"Goodbye, sweetheart," he said before kissing my forehead. +

	He pulled my arms off from around his neck and turned to the door. He pulled the key up over his head and unlocked the door. I looked over my shoulder to see Tommy standing behind us. +

	I went over to the sink and watched Jimmy through the bars on the window. He climbed into the truck and pulled out of the driveway. I squeezed my eyes shut when he was out of sight. Tommy slipped his arms around my waist and kissed my cheek. 3

	"Julie, get upstairs and pack your stuff," he said. "Be quick."13

 Tommy grabbed my wrist and pulled me up the stairs as I struggled in his grasp. His grip tightened and I yelped out in pain. Tommy pulled me into my room and pushed me onto the bed. I bolted up so that I was sitting. I was relieved to see Tommy was over by the closet. He was not forcing himself on me. Not yet, at least.+

	Tommy pulled out a duffel bag and threw it on the ground. He opened up the drawers and tossed in my clothes. +

	"Tommy, I'm not going anywhere," I said. +

	He glanced over his shoulder and narrowed his eyes. I felt my stomach slide up into my throat. +

	"Jules, don't argue," he said. +

	"I'm not going to be yours," I said. +

	I slid off the bed. My knees shook underneath me. Tommy threw the strap of the bag over his shoulder and turned around to look at me. His jaw was clenched and his fists were balled. +

	"I'm putting our stuff in the car," he said. "I'll be back in ten minutes. I'm going to find the money and gun that Dad hid in the barn."1

	"I'm not-"+

	Tommy grabbed the back of my head and smashed his lips against mine. I tried to push him away, but it caused him to kiss me even harder. I turned my head so that his lips brushed against my cheek. He twisted his fingers through my hair and pulled my head back. 2

	"When we leave you better have a better attitude," he warned me. "If you don't, there will be serious consequences. Understand?"1

	I nodded and Tommy let go. He stormed down the steps. I did not move until I heard the kitchen door slam shut. I ran down the stairs, grabbed Hunter, and cradled him to my chest. I hurried back up the stairs and into Tommy's room. +

	Carrie was lying on her stomach. Her red back glistened in the morning light. Trickles of blood had dried on her bare ribs. Her eyes were puffy from crying. +

	"Julie," she said. Her voice was hoarse. 1

	"Can you watch Hunter?" I asked, setting him down next to her. Carrie smiled and raised her hand so that she could rub his stomach. 1

	I grabbed Tommy's dresser and dragged it across the ground. Carrie looked up at me when she heard the screech across the wooden floor. +

	"What's going on?" she asked. +

	She raised herself off the bed, and her face winced in pain. I pulled the dresser in front of the door. +

	"I need to keep Tommy out of the room," I said. +

	"Why?" she asked. "Is he angry?"+

	"A bit. We need to keep him out of here until Jimmy gets home. He will keep us safe."+

	"Julie, we need to leave."3

	The kitchen door slammed downstairs and my heart jumped in my chest. The dresser wasn't going to keep Tommy out. I wish I still had that lock on the bathroom door.+

	"We need to push the bed toward the door," I said. "Can you stand?"+

	Carrie nodded and struggled to get onto her feet. I grabbed the mess of blankets and threw them onto the floor. I picked up Hunter and set him down. I helped Carrie as she sunk down into the nest of blankets. +

	"Julie?" Tommy called out. +

	"Be quiet," I whispered to Carrie. +

	I pushed the bed toward the door. I cursed as the bed screeched across the floor. +

	"Julie, where are you?" Tommy asked, and then a door slammed shut. 	+

	His steps became louder as he walked toward the room. I looked around the room for something else to barricade the door with, but there was nothing. +

	The door opened only a crack. I could not see Tommy, but I knew that he must be glaring through the thin opening. 4

	"Open this door!" he shouted. +

	I looked over to see Carrie shaking. Her hand was over her mouth to stop herself from sobbing. The tears were running down her face. +

	"Julie, open this door now," Tommy growled. +

	The door banged into the dresser. Each time the door hit the dresser, it moved back a little bit. +

	"I'm going to cut you if you don't open this door!" he shouted. +

	Tommy threw himself into the door again. A small box fell off of the counter and spilled on the floor. My stomach twisted when I remembered the teeth Tommy collected from all of his victims. 2

	I ran to Hunter and Carrie. Carrie buried her face in the sheets, but I could hear her sobs. I picked up Hunter and ran to the closet. I wrapped him up in a sheet and placed him in the closet. I leaned down and kissed his forehead. +

	"Mommy loves you so much," I said. My voice wavered as I tried to hold back the tears. +

	"Julie, open this fucking door!"3

	It threw me off to hear Tommy swear. Carrie cried even harder. I closed the closet door. +

	"I'm not going anywhere," I said. +

	Tommy bashed into the door again. The door opened enough for Tommy to squeeze through the door frame. He jumped onto the dresser and hopped down onto the bed. Sweat was dripping down his face and he was gritting his teeth. 4

"Julie, what kind of start is this?" he asked. "We're starting our lives together and now I am going to have to teach you a lesson."+

He reached into his pocket and fished out his knife. He flipped open the blade and smirked. +

"Give me your arm," he said. +

"No," I said, holding my arm to my chest. +

"Your arm or your stomach," he said. "Make your choice."+

"Tommy, please," I said. +

He reached out and grabbed my wrist. I yanked it out of his grasp and slapped him across the face. Tommy took a step back stunned. I ran over to the door. I climbed over the bed and dresser and slipped into the hallway. I stumbled down the steps and into the kitchen. I grabbed a knife off the counter and held it out in front of me. Tommy ran down the stairs with the knife in his hands. 2

"You have gotten yourself into a lot of trouble," Tommy said. +

"Stay away from me," I said. My hands were trembling and the end of the blade shook. +

Tommy flipped the blade back in and shoved it in his pocket. His smirk told me that I hadn't won. +

"No problem," he said. "If I really want to hurt you I have to go after someone else. Where is Hunter?"+

"Stay away from my baby," I said. +

"No, I think I'll snap his neck. That would be salt in the wound for Jim. Not only did I take his girl away, but I also killed his baby."+

Tommy turned on his heels and headed for the stairs. I ran toward him and jumped onto his back. I wrapped my arm with the knife in it around his neck and I clawed at his face with my free hand.  12

"Get off me!" he shouted.+

He grabbed my wrist. I tried to tighten my grip on him, but he was trying to shake me off. He backed up and slammed me against the wall. I yelped and clawed at his face even harder. I could feel Tommy's blood collect under my nails. +

 A bright light burned my eyes. I opened my mouth and took in a raspy breath. A vile taste filled my mouth. Each breath was tiring. Pain was throbbing in my thigh and my hand. +

	"Miss Miller?"+

	I turned my head and pain rushed up the side of my temple. A woman was sitting in the chair next to me. She was leaning forward with her elbows on her knees. Her dark hair was twisted into a bun. Her vest said Police across it. 3

	Miss Miller. +

	No one had called me that in a long time. +

	"How are you feeling?" she asked. "My name is Officer Hernandez. Do you remember what happened to you?"+

	"Where am I?" I asked. +

	"You're in the hospital," she said. "We got an anonymous call from a gas station that you were hurt."6

	"Where's Hunter?" I asked. I tried to lift my head off of the pillow. "Where is my baby?"+

	"He's okay," she said. "When did you have him? We could not find a birth certificate. Were you forced to have him with your kidnapper?"1

	"My kidnapper?"15

	"Do you know their names?"+

	I raised my good hand and touched the oxygen tube that was hooked around my nose. +

	"You were reported as a missing person, Juliet," Andrea said. +

	Somebody noticed that I was gone. Lina must have worried when I never came home or Donovan worried when I did not come into work. +

	"I wasn't kidnapped," I said. 1

	"There was footage outside of the strip club," she said. "We saw a middle-aged man drag you into a truck."3

	"I wasn't kidnapped," I repeated. +

	"What happened to you then?" +

	A nurse walked into the room. He was short and had on a pair of dark blue scrubs. He held a clipboard in his hands and had a pen tucked behind his ear. +

	"Juliet Miller," he said. "You have gone through quite a lot. Dr. Peters wants me to explain what happened to you. Do you remember what happened to you?"+

	"A bit," I said. +

	"You sustained two stab wounds," he said. "There's minor tendon damage in your leg and hand. We were able to repair it during surgery. The rehab process will be long, but we believe that you will be back to normal."+

	"The girl you were with is going to be okay too," Hernandez said.+

	"Carrie?" I asked. +

	"Yes, Carrie Bishop," she said. "She told me that she was kidnapped by those men. Are you saying that is not what happened to you?"+

	I shook my head. Hernandez let out a deep breath. She shook her head. +

	"Thank you, nurse," Andrea said. +

	"My name is Kenny," he said. "Just ring the call bell if you need anything. Trust me, bed rest is probably not so bad right now. The girl you were with told the police everything that happened to her and it somehow got leaked. You two are all over the news. It's a media frenzy out there."1

	All over the news? They must be looking everywhere for Jimmy and Tommy. They probably tore apart that house and found Tommy's disturbing souvenirs. They'll assume the worst about our family.10

	"Thank you," I said. +

	Kenny walked out of the room. The officer continued to talk, but I was not listening to her. I rolled my head to the side and looked out of the window. It was odd to see such large windows not covered by bars. +

	I wasn't in the house anymore. +

	I wasn't with Jimmy anymore. +

	"Juliet." Hernandez saying my name brought me back to reality. "Did you hear what I said?"+

	"I'm really tired," I said. +

	"Do you know anything about brainwashing?"3

	I raised an eyebrow in confusion. She shook her head and held out her hand. +

	"Forget I said anything," she said. "The detectives will talk to you tomorrow about it."+

	"I don't want to talk to anyone," I said. +

	She let out a deep breath. She got out of the chair and strolled over to the window. She stared out for a minute before turning back around to face me. Her radio on her chest crackled and a voice said something that I could not understand. +

	"Your emergency contact is Carolina Davies," she said. "We've contacted her and she has just arrived."+

	Lina. +

	I remembered that she was the one who told me about Charles. I didn't know that when I sat down to talk to him that I would be discovering my true family. I hadn't had a family since the car crash that took away my birth family. Once again, I am lying in a hospital bed and someone was telling me that my family was taken away. 1

	"Nurse, where is she?" I heard a woman call out. +

	A familiar face showed up in the doorway. Her hair was a mess and she was wearing sweats, but I recognized it was Lina. She ran over to the side of the bed. She leaned over me. Her cold fingers wrapped around my good hand. +

	"Oh my god, Julie," Lina said. "These last two years have been hell. You have no idea how much I have worried about you."2

	She reached up to my face and wiped the tears off my cheeks. Her eyes began to water. +

	"You're safe now," she said. Her voice cracked. She ran her fingers through my hair. +

	I wanted to scream out in frustration. I didn't want to be here. I wanted to be home. It was the happiest that I have ever been. All I had to do was worry about cooking, cleaning, and keeping Jimmy happy. 1

	"You don't need to worry about those psychos anymore," Lina said, starting to cry even harder. +

	"Psychos?" I raised a brow.+

	She was never going to understand. No one was going to understand how much I loved Jimmy. 14

The End.70

Hi, everyone!+

I have a new story out called Feeding Frenzy. +

Blurb:+

Evey lived a normal life. She was an emergency room nurse, had friends, and had a family that she loved. That all changes when Evey first witnesses a person infected with the Virus at a gas station. Her world is turned upside down when the military comes into her home and tests her entire family. They are all murdered while Evey is whisked away to a group of people who are Immune. She goes from living her everyday life to fighting for survival every day. Evey finds two four-year-old Immune twins, Josie and Joey, and is determined to keep them alive. Ford, a tall handsome yet grumpy soldier, feels responsible for taking care of Evey and the twins. Evey and Ford struggle to see eye-to-eye and often argue. The group of Immune search for survivors. When they hear that survivors are gathering in the city to find a cure, they argue about whether or not they should go. Ford and Evey disagree as Ford and the other soldiers have a secret they're hiding from the group.Updates = Every Friday (30+ chapters currently posted)+

What does it include?+

-  "zombies"4

- gore +

- the start of an apocalypse +

- enemies to lovers romance +

- a villain everyone will hate+

+

Check it out on my profile!+

+

 Tommy grabbed my wrist and pulled me up the stairs as I struggled in his grasp. His grip tightened and I yelped out in pain. Tommy pulled me into my room and pushed me onto the bed. I bolted up so that I was sitting. I was relieved to see Tommy was over by the closet. He was not forcing himself on me. Not yet, at least.+

	Tommy pulled out a duffel bag and threw it on the ground. He opened up the drawers and tossed in my clothes. +

	"Tommy, I'm not going anywhere," I said. +

	He glanced over his shoulder and narrowed his eyes. I felt my stomach slide up into my throat. +

	"Jules, don't argue," he said. +

	"I'm not going to be yours," I said. +

	I slid off the bed. My knees shook underneath me. Tommy threw the strap of the bag over his shoulder and turned around to look at me. His jaw was clenched and his fists were balled. +

	"I'm putting our stuff in the car," he said. "I'll be back in ten minutes. I'm going to find the money and gun that Dad hid in the barn."1

	"I'm not-"+

	Tommy grabbed the back of my head and smashed his lips against mine. I tried to push him away, but it caused him to kiss me even harder. I turned my head so that his lips brushed against my cheek. He twisted his fingers through my hair and pulled my head back. 2

	"When we leave you better have a better attitude," he warned me. "If you don't, there will be serious consequences. Understand?"1

	I nodded and Tommy let go. He stormed down the steps. I did not move until I heard the kitchen door slam shut. I ran down the stairs, grabbed Hunter, and cradled him to my chest. I hurried back up the stairs and into Tommy's room. +

	Carrie was lying on her stomach. Her red back glistened in the morning light. Trickles of blood had dried on her bare ribs. Her eyes were puffy from crying. +

	"Julie," she said. Her voice was hoarse. 1

	"Can you watch Hunter?" I asked, setting him down next to her. Carrie smiled and raised her hand so that she could rub his stomach. 1

	I grabbed Tommy's dresser and dragged it across the ground. Carrie looked up at me when she heard the screech across the wooden floor. +

	"What's going on?" she asked. +

	She raised herself off the bed, and her face winced in pain. I pulled the dresser in front of the door. +

	"I need to keep Tommy out of the room," I said. +

	"Why?" she asked. "Is he angry?"+

	"A bit. We need to keep him out of here until Jimmy gets home. He will keep us safe."+

	"Julie, we need to leave."3

	The kitchen door slammed downstairs and my heart jumped in my chest. The dresser wasn't going to keep Tommy out. I wish I still had that lock on the bathroom door.+

	"We need to push the bed toward the door," I said. "Can you stand?"+

	Carrie nodded and struggled to get onto her feet. I grabbed the mess of blankets and threw them onto the floor. I picked up Hunter and set him down. I helped Carrie as she sunk down into the nest of blankets. +

	"Julie?" Tommy called out. +

	"Be quiet," I whispered to Carrie. +

	I pushed the bed toward the door. I cursed as the bed screeched across the floor. +

	"Julie, where are you?" Tommy asked, and then a door slammed shut. 	+

	His steps became louder as he walked toward the room. I looked around the room for something else to barricade the door with, but there was nothing. +

	The door opened only a crack. I could not see Tommy, but I knew that he must be glaring through the thin opening. 4

	"Open this door!" he shouted. +

	I looked over to see Carrie shaking. Her hand was over her mouth to stop herself from sobbing. The tears were running down her face. +

	"Julie, open this door now," Tommy growled. +

	The door banged into the dresser. Each time the door hit the dresser, it moved back a little bit. +

	"I'm going to cut you if you don't open this door!" he shouted. +

	Tommy threw himself into the door again. A small box fell off of the counter and spilled on the floor. My stomach twisted when I remembered the teeth Tommy collected from all of his victims. 2

	I ran to Hunter and Carrie. Carrie buried her face in the sheets, but I could hear her sobs. I picked up Hunter and ran to the closet. I wrapped him up in a sheet and placed him in the closet. I leaned down and kissed his forehead. +

	"Mommy loves you so much," I said. My voice wavered as I tried to hold back the tears. +

	"Julie, open this fucking door!"3

	It threw me off to hear Tommy swear. Carrie cried even harder. I closed the closet door. +

	"I'm not going anywhere," I said. +

	Tommy bashed into the door again. The door opened enough for Tommy to squeeze through the door frame. He jumped onto the dresser and hopped down onto the bed. Sweat was dripping down his face and he was gritting his teeth. 4

"Julie, what kind of start is this?" he asked. "We're starting our lives together and now I am going to have to teach you a lesson."+

He reached into his pocket and fished out his knife. He flipped open the blade and smirked. +

"Give me your arm," he said. +

"No," I said, holding my arm to my chest. +

"Your arm or your stomach," he said. "Make your choice."+

"Tommy, please," I said. +

He reached out and grabbed my wrist. I yanked it out of his grasp and slapped him across the face. Tommy took a step back stunned. I ran over to the door. I climbed over the bed and dresser and slipped into the hallway. I stumbled down the steps and into the kitchen. I grabbed a knife off the counter and held it out in front of me. Tommy ran down the stairs with the knife in his hands. 2

"You have gotten yourself into a lot of trouble," Tommy said. +

"Stay away from me," I said. My hands were trembling and the end of the blade shook. +

Tommy flipped the blade back in and shoved it in his pocket. His smirk told me that I hadn't won. +

"No problem," he said. "If I really want to hurt you I have to go after someone else. Where is Hunter?"+

"Stay away from my baby," I said. +

"No, I think I'll snap his neck. That would be salt in the wound for Jim. Not only did I take his girl away, but I also killed his baby."+

Tommy turned on his heels and headed for the stairs. I ran toward him and jumped onto his back. I wrapped my arm with the knife in it around his neck and I clawed at his face with my free hand.  12

"Get off me!" he shouted.+

He grabbed my wrist. I tried to tighten my grip on him, but he was trying to shake me off. He backed up and slammed me against the wall. I yelped and clawed at his face even harder. I could feel Tommy's blood collect under my nails. +

 A bright light burned my eyes. I opened my mouth and took in a raspy breath. A vile taste filled my mouth. Each breath was tiring. Pain was throbbing in my thigh and my hand. +

	"Miss Miller?"+

	I turned my head and pain rushed up the side of my temple. A woman was sitting in the chair next to me. She was leaning forward with her elbows on her knees. Her dark hair was twisted into a bun. Her vest said Police across it. 3

	Miss Miller. +

	No one had called me that in a long time. +

	"How are you feeling?" she asked. "My name is Officer Hernandez. Do you remember what happened to you?"+

	"Where am I?" I asked. +

	"You're in the hospital," she said. "We got an anonymous call from a gas station that you were hurt."6

	"Where's Hunter?" I asked. I tried to lift my head off of the pillow. "Where is my baby?"+

	"He's okay," she said. "When did you have him? We could not find a birth certificate. Were you forced to have him with your kidnapper?"1

	"My kidnapper?"15

	"Do you know their names?"+

	I raised my good hand and touched the oxygen tube that was hooked around my nose. +

	"You were reported as a missing person, Juliet," Andrea said. +

	Somebody noticed that I was gone. Lina must have worried when I never came home or Donovan worried when I did not come into work. +

	"I wasn't kidnapped," I said. 1

	"There was footage outside of the strip club," she said. "We saw a middle-aged man drag you into a truck."3

	"I wasn't kidnapped," I repeated. +

	"What happened to you then?" +

	A nurse walked into the room. He was short and had on a pair of dark blue scrubs. He held a clipboard in his hands and had a pen tucked behind his ear. +

	"Juliet Miller," he said. "You have gone through quite a lot. Dr. Peters wants me to explain what happened to you. Do you remember what happened to you?"+

	"A bit," I said. +

	"You sustained two stab wounds," he said. "There's minor tendon damage in your leg and hand. We were able to repair it during surgery. The rehab process will be long, but we believe that you will be back to normal."+

	"The girl you were with is going to be okay too," Hernandez said.+

	"Carrie?" I asked. +

	"Yes, Carrie Bishop," she said. "She told me that she was kidnapped by those men. Are you saying that is not what happened to you?"+

	I shook my head. Hernandez let out a deep breath. She shook her head. +

	"Thank you, nurse," Andrea said. +

	"My name is Kenny," he said. "Just ring the call bell if you need anything. Trust me, bed rest is probably not so bad right now. The girl you were with told the police everything that happened to her and it somehow got leaked. You two are all over the news. It's a media frenzy out there."1

	All over the news? They must be looking everywhere for Jimmy and Tommy. They probably tore apart that house and found Tommy's disturbing souvenirs. They'll assume the worst about our family.10

	"Thank you," I said. +

	Kenny walked out of the room. The officer continued to talk, but I was not listening to her. I rolled my head to the side and looked out of the window. It was odd to see such large windows not covered by bars. +

	I wasn't in the house anymore. +

	I wasn't with Jimmy anymore. +

	"Juliet." Hernandez saying my name brought me back to reality. "Did you hear what I said?"+

	"I'm really tired," I said. +

	"Do you know anything about brainwashing?"3

	I raised an eyebrow in confusion. She shook her head and held out her hand. +

	"Forget I said anything," she said. "The detectives will talk to you tomorrow about it."+

	"I don't want to talk to anyone," I said. +

	She let out a deep breath. She got out of the chair and strolled over to the window. She stared out for a minute before turning back around to face me. Her radio on her chest crackled and a voice said something that I could not understand. +

	"Your emergency contact is Carolina Davies," she said. "We've contacted her and she has just arrived."+

	Lina. +

	I remembered that she was the one who told me about Charles. I didn't know that when I sat down to talk to him that I would be discovering my true family. I hadn't had a family since the car crash that took away my birth family. Once again, I am lying in a hospital bed and someone was telling me that my family was taken away. 1

	"Nurse, where is she?" I heard a woman call out. +

	A familiar face showed up in the doorway. Her hair was a mess and she was wearing sweats, but I recognized it was Lina. She ran over to the side of the bed. She leaned over me. Her cold fingers wrapped around my good hand. +

	"Oh my god, Julie," Lina said. "These last two years have been hell. You have no idea how much I have worried about you."2

	She reached up to my face and wiped the tears off my cheeks. Her eyes began to water. +

	"You're safe now," she said. Her voice cracked. She ran her fingers through my hair. +

	I wanted to scream out in frustration. I didn't want to be here. I wanted to be home. It was the happiest that I have ever been. All I had to do was worry about cooking, cleaning, and keeping Jimmy happy. 1

	"You don't need to worry about those psychos anymore," Lina said, starting to cry even harder. +

	"Psychos?" I raised a brow.+

	She was never going to understand. No one was going to understand how much I loved Jimmy. 14

The End.70

Hi, everyone!+

I have a new story out called Feeding Frenzy. +

Blurb:+

Evey lived a normal life. She was an emergency room nurse, had friends, and had a family that she loved. That all changes when Evey first witnesses a person infected with the Virus at a gas station. Her world is turned upside down when the military comes into her home and tests her entire family. They are all murdered while Evey is whisked away to a group of people who are Immune. She goes from living her everyday life to fighting for survival every day. Evey finds two four-year-old Immune twins, Josie and Joey, and is determined to keep them alive. Ford, a tall handsome yet grumpy soldier, feels responsible for taking care of Evey and the twins. Evey and Ford struggle to see eye-to-eye and often argue. The group of Immune search for survivors. When they hear that survivors are gathering in the city to find a cure, they argue about whether or not they should go. Ford and Evey disagree as Ford and the other soldiers have a secret they're hiding from the group.Updates = Every Friday (30+ chapters currently posted)+

What does it include?+

-  "zombies"4

- gore +

- the start of an apocalypse +

- enemies to lovers romance +

- a villain everyone will hate+

+

Check it out on my profile!+

+





