An urban legend is a story pertaining to contemporary folklore; It is a type of legend or popular belief, sometimes related to a type of superstition, which, despite containing supernatural or unlikely elements, is presented as actual events that have happened today.55

The following are the best stories of urban legends and myths that I could find on the internet. These legends will be from around the world, including, Japan, Korea, and many more...22

Origin: Korea42

There was once a young girl who was extremely insecure about her looks. She was determined to always look beautiful and would try any beauty secret at hand.28

One day, she heard about a new organic beauty treatment from a friend in school. The method was allegedly going to leave her skin smooth and silky.12

The 'wonderful' treatment involved mixing sesame seeds in the bathwater and immersing in it for a couple of hours.31

The girl was excited to try it out and rushed home to give it a try. She poured the seeds into the warm bathtub and let herself relax.9

When several hours had passed and still the girl didn't come out of the bathroom, her mother began to worry. But every time her mother asked the girl to come out, the reply would always be, "Just a moment." 15

In the end, the mother couldn't take it any longer and broke the bathroom door. The mother stood there by the door, in utter shock. To her horror, the seeds had started to grow roots and latched onto the skin of her daughter, between every wrinkle and every pore.30

The girl, mad with the grief of losing her beauty, was sitting in a corner and frantically trying to remove the seeds with a toothpick.96

Origin: Japan13

Aka Manto, also known as The Red Cape, is said to be a malicious spirit who wears a mask and as the name says, also a red cape. Aka Manto appears and kills people in public and school bathrooms.76

The spirit will ask the occupant of the toilet a question. In some versions, he will ask if they want red paper or blue paper, though other versions identify the choices as a red cloak or a blue cloak, or as a red cape or a blue cape.19

If you say red, you will suffer a bloody and violent death.3

If you say blue, you will be suffocated until you turn blue and die.98

You can't trick the spirit either. If you try and say, that you just want the normal one, two ghostly hands will appear out of nowhere, sometimes right out of the toilet, you are sitting on and then drag you to hell through the same toilet.100

They say, that to be saved from this spirit, you have to decline every offer given by him. Only that will make him go away, for now...101

+

+

Origin: Spain2

This urban legend is being talked about in schools in Spain, featuring a website called "Blind Maiden". 14

They say, that most of the time, the website is offline, meaning that one can not have access to it no matter how much you try. However, according to the rumors, there are three rules you must follow in order to access the website.11

1) You must be alone.31

2) You must turn off all the lights in your house. 36

3) You must go to the website at exactly midnight on a moonless night.59

If you do everything correctly, you will be granted access to the website.20

Once inside, you will be shown a never-ending montage of screaming faces, one after another, boys and girls. Their faces twisted in tremendous fear, their mouths are frozen in a silent scream. Their eyes missing, instead just two hollow holes.55

According to the legend, some lines in Spanish will be displayed on the screen, roughly being translated into: 10

"This website will take you to a whole new level of horror. A horror that will use all five of your senses. You must be very careful not to click on anything by accident. You will be faced with a real experience of absolute horror. Click the 'accept' button to engage actively in the experience." 39

Below the text are two buttons, "Accept" and "Decline".25

At this point, you'll probably be really curious. You'll probably feel tempted to click the 'accept' button. But you shall not do that. If you accept the challenge, you will only be taking your life in your hands. So it is better to click 'decline' and be on the safe side.22

This is supposed to happen if you accept the challenge:1

To your surprise and horror, you observe on your monitor a sinister silhouette walking... towards your own home! You want to wake up. You want this to just be a nightmare.38

You watch as the silhouette approaches and enters the same room you are sitting in...+

You will see, on your monitor, your own back...22

Then you will feel a presence behind you... You will feel a tap on your shoulder...16

The last thing you will see before you die will be the face of the Blind Maiden, staring mercilessly at you with her horrible eyes.57

It is also said, that the blind maiden will rip out your eyes and take a snapshot of your face so that you will forever be a part of the website's picture gallery.106

+

Baby Blue is an urban legend about a strange game that kids play in bathrooms.63

If you perform the ritual, they say an evil ghostly infant will appear in your arms. This urban legend is related to the myth of 'Bloody Mary'.42

To play "Blue Baby Blue", you have to go into the bathroom on your own, turn off the lights and lock the door. Then you stare into the mirror, hold out your arms like you are rocking a baby and repeat the words, "Baby Blue, Blue Baby" 13 times without making a mistake.27

If you do it right, you will suddenly feel the weight of an invisible baby in your arms. The baby will get heavier and heavier as the baby grows larger and larger. You will feel it scratching your arms.16

Before it gets too heavy, you have to quickly take the invisible baby, flush it down the toilet and run out the bathroom. If you don't do it fast enough, a hideous woman will appear in the mirror. She will yell "Give me back my baby!" and scream loud enough to break the glass. If you are still holding the baby, she will kill you.64

Some people believe that the woman is 'Bloody Mary' and she murdered her own child when she shattered a mirror and used a piece of broken glass to stab him to death.50

According to the urban legend, a group of girls found out about the Blue Baby story and decided to try it out. They didn't believe it would work, so they sent their friend Laura into the bathroom on her own. She turned the lights off and closed the door behind her. Laura put out her arms and started chanting the phrase "Blue Baby, Baby Blue".24

All of a sudden, a baby appeared in her arms and began scratching her. Laura was scared out of her wits and had no idea what to do. She wanted to drop it and run, but she was afraid of what might happen. She stood there holding the invisible baby as it grew heavier and heavier. Suddenly, she caught sight of something horrible in the bathroom mirror and screamed in terror.25

When Laura's friends heard her screaming, they tried to open the bathroom door, but it was locked. Finally, they managed to run to a friend's house to get help. When they broke open the door, they found Laura lying dead on the bathroom floor. Her eyes had been scratched out. They couldn't move her body because something large and invisible was pinning her to the ground.58

+

The real story of Hello Kitty is a scary urban legend about the origin of the popular Japanese cartoon character. They say, that Hello Kitty is demonic and was originally a product of Devil worship and a satanic pact.85

According to the legend, Hello Kitty was created back in the 1970s by a Chinese woman. Apparently, her 14-year old daughter was diagnosed with cancer of the mouth. The doctors told the mother that her child was terminally ill and there was nothing they could do for her.6

The mother refused to give up hope and visited every church in the city to pray for her daughter. When that didn't work, she came to the end of her rope. The desperate mother became involved with satanic rituals and Devil worship. They say, that in order to save her daughter's life she made a pact with the Devil himself.22

For curing her daughter's cancer, the Devil demanded only one thing in return.5

She would have to create a cartoon character that would appeal to children all over the world. The Devil wanted to use the popularity of this cartoon character to trick people into worshipping Satan.25

When her daughter recovered from her cancer, the mother kept her promise to the Devil. She created Hello Kitty.1

As the story goes, Hello Kitty was designed with no mouth because the daughter had cancer of the mouth. Hello Kitty's pointed ears represent the Devil's horns. The word 'Kitty' means 'Demon' in Chinese. So 'Hello Kitty' really means 'Hello Demon'. They say that anyone who buys Hello Kitty merchandise is welcoming the Devil into their hearts. Satanists all over the world use Hello Kitty as a secret symbol and many of them actually tattoo the image on their skin. Devil worshippers refer to Hello Kitty as 'The Daughter of the Devil'.111

Of course, this is all just an urban myth. Hello Kitty was actually created by a Japanese company named Sanrio that specializes in designing and branding cartoon characters. 16

Hello Kitty was originally designed to be a decoration on a purse. Also, Kitty does not mean 'Demon' in Chinese.47

The designers created Hello Kitty without a mouth because they wanted to make her emotions ambiguous. The blank expression means that you can project your own emotions onto the cartoon. If you are sad, then Hello Kitty looks sad. If you are happy, then Hello Kitty looks happy. Hello Kitty will seem to feel whatever emotion you are feeling.8

So, the truth is that Hello Kitty is not associated with satanic rituals or devil worships at all.30

+

Origin: Korea16

There was once a 19-year old Korean girl named Haruko, who was attending university in a large city. One night, she had to stay late in the library to finish a project and it was almost dark by the time she returned home.3

Haruko lived on the 14th floor of her apartment building. She stood in the entrance and pressed the button to call the elevator. She always hated coming home alone so late in the evening. It just didn't feel safe.7

When the elevator came, she stepped inside and pushed the button for her floor. Just as the doors were about to close, a handsome man came running up. The man was out of breath and put out his hand to stop the doors closing. Then he stepped into the elevator and stood beside her.29

"You live on the 14th floor?" he asked, seeing the button lit up.17

"Yes", replied Haruko.3

"Oh," said the man, smiling. "I live on the 13th." 15

As the elevator ascended, he pressed the button for 13.2

Through the windows in the elevator door, Haruko watched the floors go by, as they both stood in silence. She stole a few glances at the man. He was certainly handsome. She wondered if he would ever be interested in dating her. 20

When he happened to look at her, she batted her eyelids and smiled sweetly at him.+

Just then, the elevator stopped on the 13th floor. The doors opened and the man stepped out.+

"See you later..." He said.4

"Yes see you", replied Haruko.+

As the doors of the elevator were closing behind him, the man suddenly turned around, pulled a sharp knife out of his jacket and said, in a menacing voice, "...upstairs!"73

Then, laughing like a maniac, he ran towards the staircase.14

The girl was terrified, but before she could do a thing, the doors shut and the elevator began to ascend. She began to panic.+

Desperately, she hammered the buttons with her fist, trying to get the elevator to stop, but it was no use.3

When it reached the 14th floor and the doors opened, the man with the knife was already standing there, waiting for her.46

+

In Korea, people say that this is a real story. The girl was found dead, stabbed to death in the elevator.2

People say that the worst part was not her death itself, but rather the sheer horror she experienced in between those two floors when she was in the elevator and knew she was doing to die.31

+

They claim that this is the reason, that all elevators now have a stop button.40

+

There was a young woman who was getting married to the man of her dreams. Her wedding day was approaching and she wanted to look her very best. People were always telling her that she looked very pale, so she was determined to get a good tan before her wedding.29

The woman went to a tanning salon near her house and tried to book an hour on the sunbed. The staff at the salon told her that, for her own safety, she could only tan for thirty minutes at a time. After the sessions, she looked in the mirror and found that her skin wasn't any darker.+

When she attempted to make an appointment for another thirty minutes on the tanning bed the next day, the staff informed her that she could only tan twice a week. After her second session, the woman still wasn't satisfied with the result.17

Fearing that, at this rate, she would never have a proper tan, the woman came up with a cunning plan. If the salon could give her only thirty minutes, then she would book appointments in every tanning salon in her city, one after another.18

She spent the next four days going from one tanning salon to another, laying on a sunbed after sunbed. Even though her skin was beginning to get a little bit darker, she was worried that it won't be brown enough by the day her wedding day arrived. 36

She went to a shop and bought a special brand of tanning lotion. This particular lotion was only supposed to be used by people who had a rare skin condition. The tanning lotion was designed to increase the skin's sensitivity to light.4

She hoped that this would help tan her skin to a lovely golden brown. She slathered the tanning lotion all over her body, letting it soak in. Then she set off for her tanning bed appointments.6

Later that day, at the tanning salon, the staff noticed the smell of burning in the air. When they went to investigate, they were horrified to find one of the tanning beds on fire. After putting ou the flames, all that was left on the tanning bed was the charred body of the unfortunate woman. 32

When the autopsy was performed, the coroner discovered that the woman's internal organs had been cooked from the inside out. By combining the tanning lotion and the sunbed, she had literally cooked herself alive.  90

Origin: Europe+

The smiley face is a creepy urban legend about a man who does terrible things to girls who walk home alone at night. This story is also known as 'The smile of the clown'.39

One night, a teenage girl went to a nightclub with some friends. They had a great time, drinking and dancing and it was 3 AM by the time they left. Her friends lived in the city but the girl lived in the suburbs. They said goodbye and went back to their apartment, leaving the girl to make her own way home. Unable to get a taxi, the teenage girl decided to walk home on her own.15

On the way, she had to cross through a park. It was very dark and all she could hear was the clacking of her heels echoing in the night. She thought she saw something moving in the bushes, so she quickened her pace.7

Suddenly, a man appeared from behind a bush and blocked her path. His face was hideous. It looked terribly scarred and misshaped. She tried to run, but he cornered her and grabbed hold of her arms.20

The frightened girl pleaded for her life and tearfully asked to be let go. The man's deformed mouth twisted into a leering grin.1

"Do you want death or smiley face?" he asked.27

"Please, just let me go," she cried.+

"Death or Smiley Face," he insisted.34

The girl didn't know what he meant. "Smiley face," she replied.1

Without a word, he pulled out his knife and sliced the corners of the girl's mouth up to her ears.40

Her face was left completely deformed. She was scarred for life. Whenever people saw her in public, they said she resembled a grotesque smiley face.25

Origin: Mexico5

This is about a hideous child that is born in a small hospital, one terrible night.55

According to the legend, this all happened a few years ago, in a small hospital in the city of Chihuahua, Mexico.24

It was a rainy Monday night in March when a pregnant woman staggered into the hospital's emergency room. She had fallen down the stairs at her home. The poor woman was in great pain and her condition was very serious. She was bleeding internally and the doctors had to operate immediately.10

The woman knew she was dying, but she wanted to save her child. The doctors had to perform a cesarean section. As the poor mother died on the operating table, they cut her stomach open. When the surgeon reached in and took out the baby, he discovered that it was dead, too. 16

It was the ugliest baby he had ever seen. Its skin was sickly greyish-purple and its head was misshapen and deformed. The baby's face was hideously shriveled and wrinkled, like an old man.32

A nurse quickly took the baby and brought it into another room, where she placed it in a crib. The baby was ugly that all of the nurses in the hospital could not stop talking about how horrible it was. They each took a few minutes to go into the room and see it for themselves.19

Two nurses went in together to view the grotesque and malformed baby. As they stared down at it, the nurses were overcome by a sense of revulsion. They couldn't bear to look at it.1

"My God," said one nurse. "It's so... UGLY!" 34

"It's better that it didn't survive," said the other.49

Suddenly, the ugly baby's eyes flickered open and its mouth began to move. From deep within its throat a low guttural moan escaped.31

In a hoarse voice that filled them with terror, it said, "I may be ugly, but more ugly still is what will happen to both of you on Thursday at 3 PM." 103

With that, the baby closed its eyes and lay still. The two nurses came out of the room running. They were screaming and crying hysterically. Their colleagues had to give them medications to help them calm down.8

When they were able to recount what had happened, nobody would believe them. One doctor examined the child again, checking its vital signs. He confirmed that the ugly baby had been dead when it came out of its mother's stomach.+

The two nurses were shaking and trembling. They spent two days off sick from work with their nerves. The hospital psychiatrist tried to tell them that it must have been their imagination. A collective psychosis, he said.4

The next day, the two nurses returned to work. Hours later, they died in a freak accident. A gas storage tank blew up and both of them were killed in the explosion. +

The accident occurred on a Thursday at three o'clock in the afternoon, just as the ugly baby had predicted. 66

+

Origin: Venezuela 12

El Silbón or 'The Man Who Whistles' is an urban legend about a man that murdered his parents and is doomed to carry a sack of bones on his back for all eternity. They say he eats people, especially children, drunks, and unfaithful men.51

El Silbón is a frightening figure who appears at night in rural areas. He is a tall, skinny man with a deformed face who carries a bag of bones on his back. El Silbón is famous for the eerie tune he whistles. Do-Re-Mi-Fa-So-La-Ti. They say it can make the hair on the back of your neck, stand up and the blood in your veins, feeze. 32

If his whistling sounds very loud, it means he is far away. If the whistling sounds very faint, it means El Silbón is nearby and you should immediately flee the area.55

Years ago, there was a young boy who lived with his mother, father, and grandfather in Los Llanos, Venezuela. They lived a very simple life, tending to their farm. However, the boy was pampered by his parents and they raised a very spoiled child. 20

He was extremely demanding, ordering his parents around and refusing to eat certain foods. The boy had no respect for anyone. He would make a big fuss, shouting and screaming, until he got his way. His poor parents were worn out trying to please him.34

One day, the boy told his father he wanted to eat the entrails of a deer. His father was desperate to please his spoiled son, so he went out hunting. After hours of searching through the forest, the exhausted man returned empty-handed, hanging his head in shame. 7

The young boy flew into a rage and, taking out a hunting knife, he plunged it into his father's chest again and again. Then, he ripped open his father's belly and pulled out his guts.73

The boy carried his father's guts back to the house. He gave them to his mother and asked her to cook them. The mother became suspicious and asked, "Where did you get these entrails?" 14

"I got them from my father," the boy casually replied.+

"And where did your father get them?" asked his mother.+

"He grew them in his belly," said the boy.33

The mother couldn't believe what she was hearing. She rushed out to the forest and searched frantically for her husband. She found his corpse in a clearing. He had been disemboweled and there was blood everywhere. The horrified woman fell to her knees and began screaming and howling in grief.6

When the boy's grandfather heard what he had done, he was in fury. The old man took it upon himself to punish the boy for his terrible sins. First, he tied the murderous child to a tree and beat him over and over with a whip, until his back was raw and bloody. Then, he rubbed lemon juice and hot peppers into his wounds to make them sting. 84

Finally, he handed the boy and old sack containing his father's bloody remains and threw him out on the plains.+

As the boy fled, his grandfather shouted after him, "You should not have done that to your father! On your head, I lay a curse! You will be damned for all eternity!"10

With that, he set his dogs on the boy and they chased him down, nipping and biting at his heels. Eventually, the dogs caught up with the boy and killed him. The curse transformed him into El Silbón, an undead spirit who must roam the world eternally, followed by a spectral dog that constantly chases him. He is doomed to wander the plains, carrying the bones of his victims on his back and bringing death and destruction to anyone he comes across.22

At night, El Silbón enters people's homes and lays his sack of bones on the floor. He starts counting the bones and if no one in the house hears him, it means that someone in the house will die before sunrise. If the family is awakened by his counting, then everyone in the house will experience good luck. El Silbón is more active during the rainy season, so you should use extreme caution during this time of the year.70

The hook or 'The Hook Man' is a scary urban legend about a boyfriend and girlfriend who park in a deserted Lovers' Lane one late night.27

One summer night, a teenage boy was going out on a date with his new girlfriend. He picked her up at her house and they drove out to the edge of town. They parked the car in a secluded spot that was a well-known Lovers' Lane.+

As they gazed out at the lights of the town, the boy put his arm around the girl ad switched the car radio on so they could listen to some romantic music. 16

He leaned over and the young couple began kissing and cuddling. Just as they were getting into the mood, the music suddenly stopped and a news-reader's voice came on the radio.17

"This is an emergency announcement. Earlier tonight, a crazed murderer escaped from the state mental asylum. Police are warning citizens to be on their guard since the patient is considered dangerous and armed. The insane killer is nicknamed "The Hook Man" because, after he lost his right hand in an accident, it was replaced with a steel hook. Everyone in the area should be on the lookout for a man fitting his description. If you see anything suspicious, you should report it to the police immediately."28

The girl became frightened and asked to be taken home. She knew that the state insane asylum wasn't far from the Lovers' Lane. She was also worried that the remote area where they were parked was the perfect spot for a deranged madman to lurk.7

The boy was feeling brave and assured his girlfriend that they were perfectly safe. He locked all of the car doors, then tried to kiss her again. The girl became frantic and pushed him away, insisting that they leave immediately.28

In a huff, the boy slammed the car into gear and spun its wheels as he pulled out of the parking space.1

On the way back to town they both calmed down, but the girl still held on tightly to her boyfriend.+

When they pulled up outside the girl's house, the boy got out of the car and walked around to open the door for his girlfriend.+

For a long time, he just stood there, staring at the door. At first, the girl couldn't figure out what was wrong; then she realized that her door was still locked. She smiled and unlocked it. Still, the boy stood there.+

The girl was puzzled and rolled down her window. Then she saw that the boy was staring down at the door handle. Slowly, she looked down herself and began to scream uncontrollably.+

There, hanging from the door handle, was a bloody stainless-steel hook.22

Origin: Japan4

The Himuro Mansion or 'Himikyru Mansion' is a Japanese urban legend about the dark history of a haunted house and the horrible murders of an entire family who lived in there. They say that the video game Fatal Frame was based on the true story. Eager to solve the mystery, many people have scoured maps, trying to find the real location of Himuro Mansion.6

According to the legend, the Himuro Mansion is a large, traditional Japanese house that is located in a rocky area somewhere on the outskirts of Tokyo. The mansion became famous for being the site of the worst mass murder in the history of Japan.1

The Himuro family were said to have practiced ancient and forgotten Shinto rituals that had long ago been outlawed in Japan. One of these occult rituals was called "The Strangling Ritual" and involved the sacrificial murder of a young girl. The purpose of this gruesome ritual was to protect the Himuro family from bad karma which they believed would emerge from a portal in the mansion's courtyard.16

The Strangling Ritual had to be performed every fifty years to prevent the bad karma from destroying the family. They would select a baby girl from within the family and raise her in secret. They called her "The Rope Shrine Maiden". The girl had to be kept away from the rest of the world, in complete isolation, or else the ritual would not work.33

When the time came for the ritual to be performed, they dragged her out to a shrine in the courtyard and tied ropes around her neck, her arms and her legs. Next, a team of oxen would pull the ropes in different directions, tearing the young girl's body apart.21

The blood-stained ropes were then placed over a portal in the mansion's courtyard, sealing the gateway. If the ritual was a success, it would keep the bad karma away for another half-century until the ritual had to be repeated.2

For generations, this tradition was passed down through the Himuro family. However, during the preparations for the last recorded ritual, something went wrong. The Rope Shrine Maiden fell in love with a young boy she saw from the window of the mansion. This was a disaster because she was supposed to remain pure and free from worldly influences. Her blood and spirit were tainted and when she was sacrificed, the ritual failed miserably because she was no longer pure.4

Upon learning of the maiden's love, the head of the Himuro family became distraught. He was responsible for ensuring that the ritual was a success. Fearing that disaster would now befall the family, he went on an insane rampage throughout the mansion. He brutally murdered the entire Himuro family, hacking them to death with his traditional Japanese sword, the katana.12

The local people in the neighboring village kept quiet about the story of Himuro Mansion for decades. Ever since then, people have reported the variety of weird happenings or inexplicable phenomenon taking place on the property.+

Bloody handprints and large red stains have been found splattered all over the walls inside. Ghostly apparitions have been seen both at night and in broad daylight. As legend would have it, these are the ghost of the murdered family members. It is said that they will attempt to repeat the failed ritual using whoever is daring or foolhardy enough to enter the abandoned building.17

People who enter the house occasionally found dead, with rope marks on their arms and legs indicating that they had been bound and pulled. Others have been found torn to pieces in the underground network of tunnels that lie beneath the mansion. Nobody knows who made these tunnels or what purpose they served but stories suggest that they were involved in the Strangling Ritual.+

There's also a certain window in the house that has become infamous. They say that if you take a photo of this window, the ghostly image of a young girl in a kimono will appear in the developed photograph.4

These incidents have provoked fear in the people of Tokyo, and many believe that those who venture near this area will become cursed. The deaths of seven people on the property are unexplained to this day.+

The urban legend of The Himuro Mansion became popular in the west when the Japanese video game, Fatal Frame, was released in English. Ghost stories about the haunted house blew into a worldwide craze. If the legends are true, the Himuro Mansion is definitely one of the most haunted houses in Japan.6

Origin: Maryland23

Goatman is an urban legend about a strange creature who stalks the roads an woods. They say he is half-man, half-animal, and attacks teenagers in cars while wielding a huge axe.35

The legend of the Goatman began when strange reports started appearing in the local Maryland newspaper. They told frightening tales about sightings of a creepy-looking beast that was roaming the woods of Prince George's County.+

They say he appeared on quiet roads at night, clutching a shiny axe in his hands that he used to attack unsuspecting teenagers. 6

There was a Lovers' Lane in the area and teens who parked their cars in it, claimed that they were attacked by a terrible creature that was brandishing an axe. They said the monstrous beast hacked at their cars, smashing the windows and taillights. They just managed to drive away and escape with their lives.28

Several residents claimed to have spotted a creature with the body of a man and the legs of a goat. They said it had coarse all over its body and a goat's head with long, twisted horns and red, beady eyes. It was described as a half-man, half-goat hybrid and was running across driveways and through their backyards, scaring people. 18

A group of local men banded together and grabbed their shotguns to hunt it down. After searching for days, they didn't find any trace of the mysterious creature nad their hunt was abandoned. +

As rumors about the Goatman spread, teenagers from all over the region would spend their weekend nights driving through the dark country roads at night, hoping to catch a glimpse of the beast. Many parents would call their children into the house after sunset, fearful that the Goatman would get them. 1

Two teenagers went out looking for their pet dog, one autumn morning. The german shepherd had escaped from its pen the night before. As they searched by the railway tracks, they spotted something in the long grass. It was the severed head of their beloved family dog. Even worse, they never found the dog's body.21

One summer evening, a young couple were out driving in the area when their car broke down. The boy walked off to get help, leaving his girlfriend alone in the car. She spent the night waiting for him, but he never returned. The next morning, police found his remains, half-buried by the side of the road. He had been chopped into little pieces. 13

Two police officers were patrolling the area on horseback, on a clod and foggy night. They became separated in the darkness. One of the policemen rode his horseback to the station, but the other one failed to show up. In the morning, a massive search was conducted to find the massive cop. After a few hours, something was spotted off to the side of an overgrown path. It was the mutilated corpse of a horse. The head and legs had been torn off and the entrails had been pulled out. The missing policeman was never found.18

Then, the Goatman attacked fourteen people, killing five of them. One summer, two schoolteachers brought twelve children from their class on a hiking trip to the woods. Apparently, they strayed too close to the Goatman's lair. The survivors claimed that the creature suddenly appeared and violently hacked some of the children to death with an axe, while uttering horrible screams. When the police arrived on the scene, all that was left in the carnage were half-eaten limbs and a bloody trail leading to an empty cave.13

According to the legend, the Goatman was created by a mad scientist who lived in the area. They say a man named Dr. Stephen Fletcher was working at an Agricultural Research facility nearby, studying animals. Over time, the scientist went crazy and began conducting strange and illegal experiments on the goats he was supposed to study. 10

The scientist somehow gained access to a local insane asylum and began taking blood samples from mental patients. They say he crossed human DNA with goat DNA in a crazed attempt to create some sort of human-goat hybrid.+

The experiments went horribly wrong when one of the mutant creatures he ended up giving birth to, escaped and ran screaming into the woods.17

The Goatman was on the loose.+

Now, they say the terrifying creature is still out there, roaming the forest, hiding in the trees and sleeping in caves, appearing every now and then to attack some cars with an axe, behead a stray dog or murder an unwary teenager. +

If you're in a car, the evil creature will chop your tyres so you can't get away. Then he'll hack you up into little pieces and drag your bloody carcass deep into the forest, where he can consume your flesh and bones at his leisure.10

Maybe the legend of the Goatman is true, or perhaps it's just a scary story, made up to scare away young people, but if you want my advice, if you park your car on an isolated place, lock your doors and be on the lookout for anything strange happening around you. If you don't pay attention, you might end up being the Goatman's next victim. 9

Dancing with the Devil is an urban legend about a girl who goes to her school dance and meets a strange man in black. It is also known as 'The Devil at the Dance'.16

There was a young girl who lived in Texas. She was excited because it was the night of the high school dance. She had bought a brand new dress for the occasion and she was sure she was going to look beautiful in it. She wanted the dance to be the best evening of her young life. 9

Then her mother came into the house, looking pale and determined.+

"You are not going to that dance," her mother said.+

"But why?" the girl asked her mother.9

"I've just been talking to the preacher. He says the dance is going to be for the Devil. You are absolutely forbidden to go," her mother said.7

The girl nodded as if she accepted her mother's words, but she was determined to go to the dance. As soon as her mother was busy, she put on her brand new dress, sneaked out of the house and hurried to her high school.18

As soon as she walked into the ballroom, all of the young men turned to look at her. She was startled by all the attention. Normally, no one noticed her. Her mother sometimes accused her of being too awkward to get a boyfriend. But she was not awkward that night. The boys in her class were fighting with each other to dance with her.21

Later, she broke away from the crowd and went to the table to get some punch to drink. She heard a sudden hush. The music stopped. When she turned around, she saw a handsome young man with jet black hair slicked back from his forehead and an expensive suit.27

"You will dance with me," he said.35

The girl managed to stammer a "yes", completely stunned by this gorgeous man. He led her out on the dance floor. The music sprang up at once. She found herself dancing better than she had ever danced before. They were the center of attention.+

The man spun her around and around. She gasped for breath, trying to step out of the spin. But he spun her faster and faster. Her feet felt hot. The floor seemed to melt under her. When she looked down, she realized that the man wasn't wearing any shoes and instead of feet, he had black hooves.8

He spun her even faster. She was spinning so fast that a cloud of dust flew up around them both so that they were hidden from the crowd.17

When the dust settled, the girl was gone. The man in black bowed once to the crowd and disappeared. The Devil had come to his party and he had spun the girl all the way to hell. 40

Soap Sally is a scary urban legend about a creepy old woman who kidnaps runaway children and turns them into Lye Soap.33

There's a legend in some regions of Appalachia about Soap Sally. Some people say she is an old woman who wears too much make-up and others say she's an old man trying to pretend he's an old woman.20

According to the legend, Soap Sally stalks the area at dusk, looking for children who have run away from home. She grabs them by the hand, in a death-like grip and leads them off. And nobody ever sees them again.8

People say she grinds up their bodies and turns the children into soap. There is a special kind of soap called 'Lye Soap' which was made years ago from the fat and bones of animals. Soap Sally uses the fat and bones of children to make her own special brand of soaps. Some even say she made the soap to resemble children's hands.35

And when she is done, she sells the soaps to the parents of the missing children. The parents never realize that they were washing themselves with the remains of their own children.24

Every time a child would go missing, two or three days later, Soap Sally could be seen, going town from town, carrying a sack full of hand-made soaps, selling it cheap to unsuspecting parents.14

In past times, parents would warn their children about Soap Sally, saying, "If you don't come home by dark, Soap Sally will get you," or "Stay away from those woods! Soap Sally will get you..."+

+

Origin: Japan4

The girl from the gap is a female ghost that inhabits gaps between furniture (doors, drawers, etc.). She can be in any house, anywhere.40

It's said that if you glance at her, you will find her looking at you from the dark gaps in your house. Then, she will ask you to play hide and seek. No matter what you say, she'll vanish, and 'hide and seek' will start.13

Even though you met her gaze at all, you are pretty much safe afterward. She won't kill you... unless you see her again. 10

If you do happen to see her hiding again, the 'game' will end with her being the winner, and she will forcefully drag you into the gap. From there, she'll drag you all the way to the fiery depths of hell.4

The only way you could win is if you're either horribly blinded or you never see her again.14

Nobody is sure of the origins of this story. It may have been created to freak out since there are small spaces all around people's homes, but no one is truly sure why it was made.4

Origin: Mexico4

La Bruja de Coyocán is an urban legend about a beautiful woman who was rumored to be a witch that sucked children's blood.21

There was once a handsome young man, who was the most desired in the village, a situation he took advantage of for having lots of girlfriends until he fell in love with a beautiful stranger. However, the groom was always warned that the bride was not a good woman, that she was even a practitioner of witchcraft, but he did not believe those comments. He still married the woman.5

Everything was going well in this young marriage, she, besides beautiful was an excellent cook; the only downside was that every day she made stewed moronga (blood sausage), a situation that eventually began to annoy the newlywed who, one day talking to a childhood friend, remarked his anger.9

Faced with this, the friend told him the following, "My wife told me that your wife is a witch and that at night she goes out on the streets in search of blood of the children of the village. Spy on her tonight and you'll see."5

The young husband, without saying anything, got up and went home.+

Arriving at the door of his home, the smell of stewed moronga began, the man questioned his wife about the repeated menu and she responded in a very unconvincing way. She said it was because of her father, who owned a butcher shop and, what was not sold, was divided amongst his children; her older brother became the guts, her sisters had paws; and to her, was given the blood.14

Not satisfied with his wife's response, the young man did not sleep that night with the intention of spying on her, who within a few hours got up and walked to the chimney. He did the same thing in a very quiet way. Arriving at the room where the woman was, he saw the unimaginable: his wife began to remove her skin and turned into a fireball.32

Without thinking twice, the man threw her skin into the fire. Hours later, almost about to sunrise, that fireball returned. However, she did not find her skin, so she screamed and whipped through the walls of the home. When the sky began to clear and the sun loomed, the fireball was beginning to disappear, as if something was putting it off.10

After that, nothing about the beautiful woman was ever heard of again.7

+

+

The Video Tape is a scary urban legend about a cursed VHS videocassette. It is said that if you watch the tape, you will die within 48 hours. They say that the cursed videotape in the movie, The Ring was based on this urban legend.11

 Years ago, there was a group of three girls who went to high school together. They were all best friends and one night, during the Summer holidays, they decided to have a sleepover party.1

They spent all day planning their sleepover and because they were are horror fans, they decided to rent a scary movie. It was late at night when the three girls piled into a car and drove down to their local video rental store, but it was closed. The girls spent the next half hour driving around town, looking for a video store that was still open.8

Eventually, they found a little shop that was located on a side street and went inside. The girls could not agree on a film to rent, so one of them went over to the woman behind the counter and asked her if she had any suggestions. The woman told her that she had just the thing for them and disappeared into a back room.7

While they were waiting, one of the girls noticed a videotape laying on the counter. It didn't have a box cover or a label and it seemed to be very dirty and stained. She was curious to see what it was and reached out to pick it up.+

Just then, the woman came rushing out from the back room and slammed her hand down on the tape, pulling it away.+

With a strange smile on her face, she said, "That's not something you girls should be watching."9

When they asked her what it was, the woman told them not to touch it and all she would say was that it was a home movie. Then she handed them an old horror film and told them it would be a much better movie for them to watch.+

Eventually, the girls agreed to rent the tape that the woman suggested. While she was in the backroom, searching for the film, one of the girls took the opportunity to swipe the mysterious videotape and stuffed it into her purse.22

Later that night, when the girls returned home, the girl who stole the videotape took it out of her purse and convinced the other two that they should watch it.1

They put the tape in the video recorder and pressed Play. All of a sudden, the power went out and the room was plunged into darkness. However, the television was still on.5

With a crackle of static, the video started playing and, on the screen, they saw a woman tied to a wooden stake. She was surrounded by angry men and women who were carrying burning torches. They were shouting and spitting on her and then they set fire to the wood beneath the woman's feet.15

The woman began laughing maniacally and the people yelled out things like, "Burn the witch!" and "This is your punishment for practicing black magic!" +

As the flames rose higher and higher, licking at the woman's face, she screamed out a curse, saying that all who witness her death will suffer the same fate in two days' time.6

There was a screech of static and the VCR began making skipping sounds before it suddenly cut off. The terrified girls sat in the dark for a long time until the power came back on. They tried to convince each other that it must have been some type of prank. After a while, they agreed that they should return the tape immediately.+

When they arrived at the location of the video store, it was gone. All they found was an abandoned building and an empty lot.+

Two days later, all three of the girls were dead. The first girl was found floating in a swimming pool. Her body was burned beyond recognition. The charred remains of the second girl were discovered in the middle of a park, and the third girl's body was found in a furnace. 1

When the police were investigating the mysterious deaths, they thought it was a very strange coincidence that all three girls had burned to death on the same day. In each case, the police thought it had been spontaneous combustion, but the weirdest thing about it was that nothing around them had even been signed by the flames.+

They found a trash can outside the house of one of the girls. It had been set on fire and was burned out. Everything inside it was destroyed, except for a videotape, which had been inexplicably left untouched by the flames.4

Origin: Japan6

Kokkuri-san is the most famous scary game in Japan. It is similar to the ouija board and is mostly played by Japanese schoolchildren who want to summon a spirit so they can ask questions about the future.15

"Kokkuri-san, Kokkuri-san, tell me, when is the date of my death?" 6

Two Japanese girls watch in breathless anticipation as a ten Yen coin begins to slide across a sheet of paper, slowly spelling out the answer. +

Kokkuri-san is the Japanese version of the Ouija board and it has been played in schoolrooms across the country for years. The game became so widespread in Japan that it sparked several hysterias in the media and many schools officially banned students from playing Kokkuri-san.+

Using an Ouija board can be dangerous because it can accidentally summon demons or open people up to the possibility of being possessed. Kokkuri-san is much less dangerous since the spirit who is summoned is a trickster spirit from the Shinto religion.+

Kokkuri-san is the name of the spirit that is summoned during the game and provides the answers. It is an animal spirit that is a mixture between a fox, a dog, and a raccoon. Kok = kitsune (fox), Ku = inu (dog), and Ri = tanuki (raccoon). The fox can either be either a trickster or a teacher, the dog can be loyal and protecting and the raccoon dog is full of mischief but also a bringer of good luck. All of these qualities are combined in Kokkuri-san.3

Young people ask many questions like, "Kokkuri-san, who loves me?" or "Kokkuri-san, will I become rich and famous?", but just remember that there are some questions you are better off without knowing the answer to.+

To play Kokkuri-san, you need at least two people, a sheet of paper, a pen and a coin.+

Step 1: Take a blank sheet of paper and draw a 'Torii' (a traditional Japanese gate) at the top in red ink. Write 'YES' and 'NO' on either side of the Torii.+

Beneath this, write one row of numbers (from 0 to 9) and then three rows of letters (from A to Z). +

Step 2: Open a window or door so that Kokkuri-san will be able to enter the room. The Torii represents the gateway to a Shinto shrine and the spirit will enter and exit through it.+

Step 3: Place a coin on the red Torii. Each person should put their index finger on the coin.+

Step 4: Call the spirit by saying, "Kokkuri-san, Kokkuri-san if you are here, please move this coin." 3

Step 5: You can ask Kokkuri-san whatever questions you want. It will move the coin and spell out the answer.+

Step 6: To end the game, you must ask Kokkuri-san to leave by saying, "Kokkuri-san, Kokkuri-san, please return home." The coin will move to YES and then come to rest on the red Torii.+

Step 7: When you are certain Kokkuri has left, you must destroy the paper. Either tear it into pieces or burn it. You must also spend the coin you used, before the end of the next day.+

WARNING: Kokkuri-san is not dangerous and it is a much safer alternative than to the Ouija board. However, I still don't recommend it that you play it. Many people can become upset and depressed if receive answers they do not like. Also, always remember that Kokkuri-san is a trickster spirit and can easily lie to you.11

Talking Angela is an urban legend about a mobile phone app that allows creepy hackers to interact with kids and take pictures of them.32

Talking Angela started as a mobile phone application used by a lot of children. Angela is a white cat with blue eyes who has a conversation and can answer to questions you ask.+

Recently, an e-mail began circulating warning people to not use Talking Angela. It said the app had been taken over by a creepy guy who uses it to spy on children and possibly kidnap them. He has managed to hack into the app and uses it to gain access to personal information on people's phones.6

It is said that if you are over 18, nothing happens, but if you are younger, the cat starts asking weird things, like where do you live, what's your parents' names, what is your phone number... etc.8

They say the creepy is able to take photos and record videos of you through the phone's camera and if you zoom in and look carefully at the cat's eyes, you can actually see him. Sometimes it's just an empty room, but sometimes you can see a creepy guy watching you. Even if you close down the app, it keeps running in the background so he can watch you and take pictures.8

In one of the more sinister cases, a young girl was talking to Angela and got the scare of her life. Angela asked her age and the girl decided to lie and say she was 30 years old. She was horrified when the cat responded, "That's a lie. You're about 11 or 12." The girl was shocked and stunned. Then, as if it could see the expression on the girl's face, it said, "I know you're about to delete me. Take care... Sweetheart!"25

In another case, a child was talking to the cat and happened to place his finger on one of Angela's eyes. The cat said, "Take your goddamn hand off my eye, I can't see!" The boy closed down the app, but later he heard a clicking sound coming from the phone as if it was taking photos of him.5

Some Spanish-language websites claim that a young boy named Eli Morenos, who lived in a suburb of Dallas, Texas, disappeared shortly after his mother downloaded the Talking Angela app.+


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                            12

+

One woman claimed that her daughter stayed home from school and was on her iPod playing with Talking Angela. The mother overheard the conversation and said the cat knew her daughter's name and asked strange questions like, "Hi where is your brother?"+

The girl said, "He is right next to me", and the cat said, "Oh cool!"+

Then the cat asked, "So what do you do for fun?" The girl replied, "I don't know", and Talking Angela's voice suddenly changed to some sort of weird robotic voice. +

It asked the little girl, "When you date, what do you do on your dates?" The child was embarrassed. She got red in the face and said nothing.7

Then the cat said, "Stick out your tongue. I'll stick mine out too. What are some things you can do with your tongue? I can find many things to do with my tongue. Let's interact with our tongues." 49

At that point, the mother said she had heard enough and yelled at her daughter to shut off the app. She was so freaked out that she called the police department and they said they would have their internet investigations unit look into it. They called her back an hour later and said, "Something is behind that cat!!!"3

When the police officer came to interview the little girl, she told him that she had been using the app with her cousin and Angela asked both girls their names and their brothers' names and what school they went to. It also took a picture of them. +

When the girls used the app again a few days later, it remembered that she had a brother.+

Apparently, the cat also asks girls for their phone numbers and if they have had their first kiss yet. 16

Origin: Dominican Republic13

La Ciguapa is an urban legend about a mythological creature who usually appears in the night. +

These nymph-like creatures supposedly live in the caves and forests of the Dominican Republic's mountainous regions and they communicate with a distinctive wail. 1

She is commonly described as having a human female form with dark or blue skin and slanted black eyes. She has long lustrous hair that covers her otherwise naked body.8

Her feet are described as being faced backward.6

Ciguapas are considered to be magical beings, beautiful in appearance to some, yet horrendous to others. They are compared to mermaids; beautiful yet cruel, and far from innocent. Deceitful and ready to capture the wayward traveler, it is said that they are so beautiful as to lure men into the forest, have sex with them and then kill them afterwards. 29

 Some people say that Ciguapas are the bringers of death, and it is said that one should not look them in the eye, otherwise the person is at risk of being bewitched permanently.+

Lore states, that the only way to capture a Ciguapa is by tracking them at night, during a full moon, with a black-white polydactyl dog. 3

+

Origin: Japan5

Yuki-Onna (or The Snow Woman) is a classic ghost story legend about a young man who encounters a mysterious woman in the snow. She turns out to be an evil spirit who agrees to spare his life under one condition. 17

In a small town in Japan, there lived two hunters named Mosaku and Minokichi.+

Mosaku was an old man and Minokichi, his son, was sixteen years old. Every day, they went out together into the forest and hunted rabbits and other animals which they would bring home and cook for dinner.+

One cold evening in Winter, Mosaku, and Minokichi were on their way home when they got caught in a blinding snowstorm. They couldn't find their way out of the forest and became very worried that they would freeze to death. Luckily, they came across an abandoned cabin in the wilderness where they could take shelter for the night and wait for the snowstorm to pass.+

It was a tiny hut and there were n fireplace or any way to make a fire. Mosaku and Minokichi fastened the door, and lay down to rest, shivering with their coats pulled tightly around them. They hoped that the storm would soon be over.+

The father immediately fell into a deep sleep but the boy, Minokichi, ay awake a long time, listening to the wind whistling through the loose boards of the old cabin and the snow beating against the door. The ramshackle ut swayed and creaked in the storm and Minokichi shivered under his coat until, at last, in spite of the cold, he managed to fall asleep.6

He was awakened by the feeling of snow falling on his face. When he opened his eyes, he could see that the door of the hut had been forced open. He saw a strange figure standing in the moonlight. It was a woman, dressed in all white. She was bending over his father and breathing on him. Her breath was like a bright white smoke. Suddenly, she turned to Minokichi and stopped over him. He tried to cry out but found that he could not utter any sound. The white woman bent down over him, lower and lower until her face almost touched his own.3

She was very beautiful, but her eyes were glowing yellow. He was terrified and she continued to stare at him as she whispered "I am the Snow Witch. I was going to kill you, but you are such a pretty boy, I will let you live. But if you ever tell anybody, even your own mother, about what you have seen, I will kill you. Never forget this warning!"19

With these words, she turned around and floated through the doorway. The boy jumped up and looked outside, but the Snow Witch was nowhere to be seen and the snowstorm was still raging, driving snow into the hut. Minokichi closed the door and wedged a log against it to keep it closed. He began to wonder if he had just been dreaming. Perhaps the Snow Witch was a figment of his imagination.+

He called out to his father, but the old man did not answer. The boy put out his hand in the dark and touched his father's face. It was completely frozen. His father was dead.5

By dawn, the snowstorm was over and Minokichi had to drag the frozen corpse of his father back into town. He was devastated by the death of his beloved dad and remained ill from the effects of the cold for a long time. He had been so frightened by the Snow Witch that he didn't tell anyone about her. The police assumed his father had frozen to death and never asked any questions. He said nothing about the vision of the woman a white to his mother either, fearing that the ghost would return and kill as well.+

As soon as he was well again, he returned to hunting in the forest every day. He had to put food on the table somehow. At nightfall, he would come back with dead rabbits, which his mother helped him cook.+

One year later, in the middle of winter, he was on his way home, when he met a girl who happened to be traveling on the same road. She was tall, thin and very good-looking. As they walked down the road together, they began to talk. The girl said that her name was O-Yuki and she had recently lost both of her parents. She was on her way to her uncle's house, where she hoped to live for a while until she could find a job. Minokichi was very attracted to this strange girl and the more he looked at her, the more beautiful she appeared to be.+

They dated for a few weeks and gradually fell in love. Then Minokichi asked O-Yuki to come to his house for dinner so she could meet his mother. After some hesitation, she went there with him and his mother found the girl very pleasant and friendly. Eventually, the young couple got married and O-Yuki came to live in Minokichi's house permanently.+

When Mionokichi's mother died, a year later, her last words were words of affection and praise for the wife of her son. And O-Yuki bore Minokichi ten children, boys, and girls,- all good-looking.13

The country-folk thought of O-Yuki as a wonderful person, by nature different from themselves. Most of the peasant-woman age early; but O-Yuki, even after having become the mother of ten children, looked as young and fresh as on the day when she had first come to the village.1

One night, after the children had gone to sleep, O-Yuki was sewing by the light of a paper lamp and Minokichi, watching her said, "To see you sewing there, with the light on your face, makes me think of a strange thing that happened when I was a lad of eighteen. Then I saw somebody as beautiful and white as you now -- indeed, she was very like you."+

Without lifting her eyes from her work, O-Yuki responded, "Tell me about her... Where did you see her?" 4

Then Minokichi told her about the terrible night in the ferryman's hut, about the White Woman that had stooped above him, smiling and whispering, and about the silent death of old Mosaku. And he said, "Asleep or awake, that was the only time that I saw a being as beautiful as you. Of course, she was not a human being, and I was afraid of her- very much afraid,- but she was so white!... Indeed, I have never been sure whether it was a dream that I saw or the Woman of the Snow."+

O-Yuki flung down her sewing, and arose, and bowed above Minokichi where he sat, and shrieked into his face, "It was I-I-I! Yuki it was! And I told you then that I would kill you if you ever said one word about it! But for those children asleep there, I will spare you, again. And now you better take very, very good care of them, if they ever have a reason to complain of you, I will treat you as you deserve!"23

Even as she screamed, her voice became thin, like a crying of wind, she then melted into a bright white mist that spired to the roof-beams and shuddered away through the smoke-hold... Never again was she seen.5

Origin: India 28

Nale Ba or Naale Baa translated in English means "come tomorrow" and it is a popular folk legend that features prominently in areas across Karnataka.9

"Naale Baa" has been found written on walls of small towns and villages (Rural Bangalore) for years now. Villagers write this on walls to deter the entry of malevolent spirit into their homes. In some variations of the myth, the spirit is believed to be a bridal ghost who roams around the town in search of her husband. 2

She is known to take away the man of the house who is often the sole earning member of the family, therefore, bringing bad luck to the entire household. +

Naale Baa was an urban legend that went viral during the 1990s. The myth goes "A witch roams the streets in the night and knocks the door. The witch apparently speaks in voices of your kin so you would be deceived to open the door. If you open it then you will die." +

So the residents came up with a smart idea of writing "Naale Baa" outside the doors and the walls of their house. So that the ghost reads it and goes back to come again the next day, and the cycle repeats.19

+

Boiled Brain is an urban legend about a teenage girl who tries to dry her hair in a microwave. Obviously, it doesn't go as well as she expected.41

There was a teenage girl who had a crush on a boy in her class. She kept dropping hints and when he eventually asked her out on a date, she was overjoyed.5

On the evening of the big date, she went to the mall and bought some new clothes. Then, she spent over an hour in the bath getting ready. The girl was running seriously late and she still had to dry her hair and get dressed.4

To save time, she ran down to the kitchen and jammed a knife in the door of the microwave to keep it open. Then, she stuck her head inside and set the microwave on "High".16

A few minutes later, when her new boyfriend arrived, he rang the doorbell, but there was no answer. He kept knocking on the front door, but the house remained silent. He called out the girl's name, but there was still no answer.6

Frustrated, the boy walked around to the back of the house and peered in the kitchen window. To his horror, he saw the girl lying dead on the kitchen floor.+

He called the police and they came to take away her body. At the inquest, when the coroner opened her skull, he found that her brain had been reduced to grey mush. His verdict was that the girl had died due to a boiled brain.11

Origin: Ohio46

Gore Orphanage is a scary legend about a group of children who died in a fire. The location is said to be one of the most haunted places in Ohio. 10

The legend of Gore Orphanage begins with a married couple named Johann and Katharina Sprunger who lived in Indiana. After their young son and daughter died under mysterious circumstances, Mr. and Mrs. Sprunger decided to start an orphanage.+

They called their orphanage The Light of Hope Orphanage. Unfortunately, it burned down in 1899 and three orphan girls were burned alive in the blaze.1

Putting this tragedy behind them, the Sprungers moved to Vermilion, Ohio, where they started a new orphanage in 1903. This was called Gore Orphanage and, eventually, they had over 100 boys and girls living there.12

But all was not well with the children of Gore Orphanage. Rumors of darkness and despair soon plagued the old place. The children told horrific stories of abuse, neglect and slave labor.1

Mrs. Sprunger cooked cow's heads and lungs and forced the children to eat the foul meat or starve. Mr. Sprunger beat the poor kids with a leather strap until their bodies were covered in bloody welts and bruises. He would also rent out the children to local farmers as slave labor.14

The boys and girls were only allowed to wash once every two weeks, and they all had to use the same bath and dirty bathwater. The children's rooms were infested with rats that crawled into their beds and bit them while they lay asleep.8

Soon, the terrified children began trying to escape from Gore Orphanage. Some of them managed to run away from the home, wading through the Vermilion River and finding refuge with some generous people in Vermilion.+

One cold night in December 1923, the orphanage caught fire. Nobody knows how the blaze started. Some people say that one of the orphans accidentally knocked over an oil lamp. Others say Mr. Sprunger started the fire because he hated the children and wanted to collect insurance money.1

That night, Gore Orphanage burned to the ground with all the children trapped inside. The fire swept through the old building, springing from one room to another. The children desperately tried to escape the inferno, but the stairs were blocked by flames.3

The dreadful cries and screams of the children trapped inside the blazing building could be heard by horrified onlookers. The deadly fire continued to burn until the screams finally fell silent and the orphanage was reduced to a charred, smoking shell. The blaze had claimed the lives of over 100 poor orphan children.4

Ever since that night, people have seen strange apparitions and ghostly figures lurking in the field where Gore Orphanage once stood. They say that if you go there late at night, you can still hear the sounds of children screaming and pleading for help. The air is still filled with the smell of burning flesh and roasted children.20

Despite the fact that the site is now a vacant field, many people have heard the sound of doors opening and shutting and footsteps walking across wooden floors. There is also an old tire swing hanging from a tree near the site where they say you can see a ghostly young boy swinging silently back and forth.  4

"Bus driver loses mental patients" is a scary legend about a man who works for the local insane asylum and ends up accidentally allowing the inmates to escape. It is also known as "Bus Full of Mental Patients".+

 There was a bus driver who worked for the county hospital. One day, he was transporting 20 mental patients to the state insane asylum. On the way, he got thirsty and decided to stop for a few drinks at a bar.3

When he got back to his bus, he was shocked to find it empty. The mental patients had somehow managed to get free and all of them had escaped. Worried that he would lose his job, the crafty bus driver came up with an idea.4

He drove the bus down the road and pulled over at the first bus stop he found. He opened the doors and all of the people waiting there got on the bus. The bus driver took them to the insane asylum and told the staff that these patients were especially violent and had to be restrained.18

It took months before the staff of the insane asylum realized their mistake. By that time, many of the people had actually gone insane. The real mental patients have still not been found.+

The pt snake is a scary story about a woman who loves reptiles, so she buys a Python at the pet shop and keeps it in her house.34

There was a woman who bought a pet snake. It was a 12-foot long Burmese Python. She lived alone in a small house with her young son and kept the snake in a tank in the living room.2

The pet snake had a habit of escaping from its tank. After a while, the woman began to feel guilty about keeping such a large reptile in such a small, confined space.1

She would often take the snake out of its tank and allow it to roam freely about the house. Her little son loved the pet snake and often brought it out in the garden to play with it.4

One morning, the woman noticed that the pet snake had stopped eating. Three days passed and the snake still hadn't touched any of its food. The woman began to get worried that there was something wrong with the snake, so she picked up the phone and called the vet.13

"Is it normal for a snake to suddenly stop eating?" She asked.+

"It depends," said the vet. "In the wild, snakes often have to survive for long periods without food. Sometimes, they starve themselves in preparation for a big meal. Pet snakes can also get bored with what you're feeding them. They like a change of food now and then."6

The woman took the vet's advice and bought a new type of food for her pet, but the snake still refused to eat anything.+

Not long afterward, the woman woke up in the middle of the night to find her pet snake lying in bed beside her. It was sleeping stretched out completely straight on the bed. Thinking this was a little strange, she picked it up and put it back in the tank.10

A few days later, her son was playing with the snake in the garden. The woman was washing dishes in the kitchen and she happened to glance out the window. Her son was lying down on the grass. The snake was lying next to him, stretched out and stiff as a board. 1

The woman became convinced that the snake was dying. She immediately grabbed the phone to call the vet again.+

"My pet snake still isn't eating," she said.1

"I don't think there is anything to worry about," replied the vet. "Just keep an eye on it and if it still isn't eating by the end of the month, bring it into my office." +

"There is something else," said the woman. "The other night, I found it lying in bed beside me. It was stretched out straight and totally rigid." +

"Oh no!" Said the vet with alarm. "You'll have to get rid of the snake as soon as possible. It will have to be put down." +

"Why? What's wrong with it?" Asked the woman+

"That's what snakes do when they're measuring you," he said.1

"Measuring me?" She asked.+

"It was sizing you up in order to eat you," he replied.+

The horrified woman turned and looked out the window just in time to see her little son's feet disappearing down the snake's throat.22

The Hairdo is an urban legend about a vain woman who styles her hair into a bun and never bothers to wash it. This story is also known as "The Fatal Hairdo" and "Spiders in the Hairdo".8

A few years ago, there was a middle-aged woman who was very vain and would always wear her hair up in a big bun. She was very proud of her hairdo and thought she was the most fashionable of all her friends. She had no idea that her hairstyle had gone out of fashion years before.2

The woman was very lazy and didn't like having to spend time cleaning and styling her hair. Instead, she just left her hair as it was and never took it down at all. In fact, she never even bothered to wash it. Whenever she took a shower, she would wear a shower cap to make sure the water didn't mess up her hairstyle. At night, she would sleep with a towel wrapped around her hair to make sure nothing moved out of place. 2

After a while, her hair began to smell. To mask the odor, she just put hairspray on it. When her scalp started to feel itchy, she put more hairspray on it. Even though her head itched like crazy, all she did was apply more hairspray.1

One morning, when she did come down for breakfast, her husband went up to the bedroom to wake her up. To his horror, he discovered that his wife had died during the night.+

At first, the police thought she must have had a heart attack in her sleep, because there wasn't a mark on her body. However, when the coroner was conducted an autopsy, he couldn't figure out what had killed her. Then he examined her hair and found something horrendous.+

A black widow spider had made its best in her hair and laid eggs. When the baby spider hatched they had bitten through her skull and eaten into her brain.22

Origin: Korea+

"One Two One Two" is a scary story from Korea about a high school girl who is studying late at night in her school library.4

In South Korea, it is very important for young people to do well in school. Parents put a lot of pressure on their children to study hard and get good grades. Students often have to hire tutors after school and some even return to the school at night to do extra work.6

This has actually become a big problem in Korea because many students stay up so late at night studying and they fall asleep the next day in class. In recent years, students have actually been banned from studying after 10 pm in some areas.+

One night, a Korean girl named Sun-Hi was at school. It was quite late and she was studying in the library with a group of other students from her class. The lights in the library were on, but the rest of the school was in darkness.+

After a while, Sun-Hi needed to go to the toilet, so she took a break from her studies. Telling her friends she would be back in a moment, the girl walked out of the library and down the darkened hallway to the school bathroom.+

In the library, when a few minutes had passed, the other boys and girls began to notice a faint tapping noise. It seemed to be coming from the direction of the window. Looking around, they saw a pale, gaunt woman standing outside. Her face was pressed up against the window and her eyes were tightly shut. One long, crooked finger was tapping on the window. They wondered what the woman was doing outside at this time of night.5

A moment later, the woman opened her eyes and the students gasped in horror. She didn't have any eyes. There were just deep, dark holes where her eyes should have been. The woman raised her fist and brought it crashing down against the window. The glass shattered.+

Suddenly, all the lights went out.+

In the school bathroom, Sun-Hi was just about to wash her hands when she was plunged into darkness. Everything was silent. She never heard the screams of terror coming from the library. There was no way she could have known about the pandemonium and slaughter that had broken out just a few rooms away. She continued washing her hands in the dark, blissfully unaware of the horrific cries that echoed down the hallway. Just as abruptly as they had begun, the yells and screams stopped and the school was deathly silent once again.3

Sun-Hi opened the bathroom door and strolled back down the hallway. When she went into the library, she stopped in her tracks.+

The dead bodies of the other students were strewn around the library. Some of the corpses were sprawled on the floor, while others were draped across desks and filing cabinets. She started shaking with fear. Her mind raced as she tried to understand what had happened. It was a massacre.+

Just then, she heard footsteps echoing down the hallway.+

Sun-Hi was a clever girl and, thinking fast, she threw herself on the floor, next to the dead bodies of her friends, and lay motionless.2

She listened as something quietly crept into the library. Sun-Hi kept her eyes closed and pretended to be dead. She heard a rustling sound as something moved around the room. Fearing the worst. Sun-Hi lay as still as she could and tried not to make a sound.+

She heard a voice whispering, "One, two... One, two... One, two..."+

Curiosity got the better of her and she cautiously opened her eyes, ever so slightly, and took a peek.+

There, in the middle of the room, stood a pale, ghostly woman, dressed in white.+

Sun-Hi closed her eyes again and fought the urge to scream. She could hear the ghost creeping around the room, going from body to body, muttering under her breath.+

"One, two... One, two... One, two..."+

The girl held her eyes tightly shut. She hoped and prayed that the ghost would leave soon.+

"One, two... One, two... One, two..."+

The ghostly woman was shuffling from one corpse to the next, getting closer and closer.+

"One, two... One, two... One, two..." +

As Sun-Hi listened to the chilling voice of the ghost, she tried not to do anything that would attract attention.+

"One, two... One, two... One, two..."+

The ghost was drawing even nearer. Sun-Hi dared not to move.+

"One, two... One, two... One, two..."+

The ghost was almost beside her. The girl tried not to breathe. +

Suddenly, the counting stopped.+

Sun-Hi remained motionless. She strained to hear even the slightest noise. She was afraid to move a muscle.+

There was no sound. The library was suspiciously quiet.+

After several minutes of complete silence, Sun-Hi was sure that the ghost was gone.+

Sun-Hi slowly opened her eyes.4

The ghost was crouched directly over her, staring into her eyes. One pale, bony finger was pointing straight at Sun-Hi's terrified face.+

"One, two!" said the ghost as it plucked out her eyeballs.18

Origin: Japan10

Futakuchi-onna (or The Two Mouthed Woman) is an urban legend about a woman who is cursed with having two mouths, one normal mouth at the front and another hidden, monstrous mouth in the back of her head.12

Futakuchi-onna is a monstrous woman with a tiny mouth. However, on the back of her head, hidden beneath her hair, she has a huge second mouth. The women's skull splits apart, revealing lips, teeth, and a tongue. Although she appears to never eat, the mouth in the back of her head is ravenous and consumes huge quantities of food.+

They say that the big mouth has a mind of its own and speaks to the woman, mumbling spiteful and threatening things to her. The mouth will harass the woman and threaten her, demanding food. It will screech obscenely and cause the woman tremendous pain until it is fed. The monstrous mouth can also control the woman's hair, making it snake out like tentacles, grabbing food and shoveling it down its throat.3

There is some disagreement in Japan as to Futakuchi-onna's origins and how she got her second mouth.+

One story from Japanese folklore tells of an old miser who lived by himself in a small village. He never got married because he hated spending money. He thought that if he took a wife, he would have to pay for her food and he could not bear the idea of parting with his wealth.+

It so happened that he came across a young woman who did not eat a thing and immediately asked her to marry him. Because she seemed to never eat and was a hard worker, the old miser was thrilled that he had found the woman of his dreams and the couple were very happy together. However, he began to wonder why his stores of rice were steadily decreasing.1

One day, the old man pretended to leave for work but instead stayed behind to spy on his new wife. To his horror, he saw his wife's hair part on the back of her head, her skull split wide open, revealing a gaping, deformed mouth. Her hair reached out like tentacles, grasping handfuls of rice and shoveling it into the monstrous mouth.+

When the woman noticed her husband had discovered her secret, she attacked him and tried to strangle him. He managed to get away and hid in the mountains. Weeks later, when he worked up the courage to return, he found that the woman had gone and all his stores of rice had been eaten. The old man never married again.2

In another story, a man's wife died, leaving him with a daughter to care for. The man remarried, but his new wife was a very mean and vindictive person. Together, they had a second child, another daughter. However, they were poor and there was barely enough food to go around. The new wife decided to keep her own daughter fed, while she starved the other girl. The man's daughter eventually died of starvation.+

Not long after, the man was out in the garden, chopping wood for the fire. He accidentally swung his ax incorrectly and embedded it in the back of his new wife's head. There was a lot of blood and he expected the woman would die. She survived, but the open wound would never heal. Instead, it formed into a huge, drooling mouth, complete with teeth and a tongue.+

The woman was in tremendous pain and the only way to make it stop was to feed the deformed mouth. It demanded more and more food to keep it satisfied. Eventually, the mouth began making sounds and started talking. One day, while the woman was asleep, the hideous mouth spoke to her husband and confessed, "I am cursed because I killed your daughter by starving her to death!"8

+

Origin: Mexico +

The House of Tubes or "La Casa de los Tubos" is an urban legend about a haunted house in Monterrey, Mexico.1

In Monterrey, Mexico, there is a very famous legend about an abandoned building called The House of Tubes. The strange structure was built in the 1970s, but it was never inhabited.+

The House of Tubes has a very unique architecture. From the outside, it looks like a set of grey concrete tubes standing on end. On the inside, the hallways are cylindrical in shape. On one side of the building, a series of ramps lead to the upper floors. On the other side, the levels are connected by large stairs.+

According to the legend, the house was built by a wealthy couple who had a daughter who was paralyzed. The father wanted to create a special house that was custom-made for disabled people. It was designed with ramps leading from one floor to another to allow her to move freely around the house in her wheelchair. The man hoped it would give his daughter the feeling that she wasn't disabled at all.+

When construction began, the young girl seemed really excited about the new home her family would be living in. She asked her father to take her to see the building. On the day the girl went to see the house, two of the architects who designed it suffered a terrible accident and were killed by falling concrete. The construction crew refused to continue working on it.+

The family managed to hire another group of builders to finish the house and the girl wanted to go back and check on them. She was testing out the ramps, going up and down from one floor to the next. Her parents took their eyes off her for just a moment and her wheelchair suddenly started to slide backwards down the ramp, going much too faster. The poor girl went flying out the open window and fell to her death.11

Her grieving parents couldn't bear the thought of living in the property that had caused their daughter's death, so all construction was immediately stopped, never to resume again.+

Years later, the half-finished building was put on the market, but not a lot of buyers were interested. One wealthy family went to see the House of Tubes and brought their young son with them. While they surveyed the lower levels, the boy went upstairs alone to explore.+

A few minutes later, they heard their son screaming. When they looked up, they saw him struggling with a little girl. As they watched in horror, the girl grabbed their son and tossed him out of the window. The boy landed on the ground below with a sickening thud. The young girl was nowhere to be found.+

After this terrible tragedy, the authorities fenced off the land and it was no longer available to the public. They say the house is cursed and it is haunted by the ghosts of the two children who died there.+

It is said, at night, the horrible sound of a young girl weeping can be heard and the ghostly apparition of a young boy has been spotted laying in the entrance. Some people claim to have seen a young girl standing at the open window on one of the upper floors and waving at passers-by. 5

This is a scary urban legend called "Humans Can Lick Too" or "The Licked Hand". It is about a beautiful young girl who was left home alone one night but protected by her dog, which was a very large collie.10

The parents told the girl to lock all the windows and doors after they had left. But there was one window in the basement that would not close completely.1

Trying as best as she could, she finally got the window shut, but it would not lock. So she left the window and went back upstairs. But just to make sure that no one could get in, she put the dead-bolt lock on the basement door.1

Then she sat down and had some dinner, she fed her dog and then decided to go to sleep for the night. Settling down, she snuggled up in her bed. She reached her hand down and let her dog lick it as she said goodnight.1

But during the night, she woke up with a start. The girl lay there wondering what had woked her, when suddenly she heard a noise. It was a dripping sound and seemed to be coming from the bathroom. She must have left the water running, and now it was dripping into the drain of her sink. So thinking it was no big deal, she decided to go back to sleep.3

But she felt nervous so she reached her hand over the edge of her bed, and let the dog lick her hand for reassurance that he would protect her. Again at about 3:45, she woke up hearing dripping. Again she reached down and let the dog lick her hand. Then she fell back to sleep.1

At 6:52, the girl decided that she had had enough... she got up just in time to see her parents were pulling up to the house. "Good", she thought. "now somebody can fix the sink... 'cause I know I didn't leave it running."+

She walked to the bathroom and there was the collie dog, skinned and hung up on the curtain rod. The noise she heard was its blood dripping into a puddle on the floor. The girl screamed and ran to her bedroom to get a weapon, in case someone was still in the house... and there on the floor, next to her bed she saw a small note, written in blood, saying: "HUMANS CAN LICK TOO".20

Origin: China2

There is a road that runs along the campus of the Chinese University of Hong Kong. They call it Single Braid Road and many students claim to have encountered the ghostly figure of a girl with long braided hair, walking alone at night.10

It is said that one cold night, a girl with long braided hair took great plans to sneak into Hong Kong from the mainland. She was an illegal immigrant and she came with her boyfriend. The couple took the train into the city. Unexpectedly, the girl saw police boarding the train and checking passports and identification. Worried that they would catch her, she decided to jump off the moving train. As she jumped, her braid got caught in the window frame. The hair was ripped off her scalp and the skin was ripped off her face as well.15

The girl stumbled onto Single Braid Road where she collapsed and died. The next day, the police found the girl's dead body lying in a pool of blood. They cleaned up the mess and that seemed to be the end of it. Her boyfriend saw what happened, but he decided to continue with the train. When he reached his destination, he found a job and never looked for his girlfriend or tried to find out what happened to her.6

However, one night, a male student was walking along Single Braid Road when he saw a girl standing there. She had her back to him and all he could see was the long braid down her back. When he called out to her, she didn't answer. When the student came nearer, he tapped the girl on the shoulder. She turned around and the boy saw, to his horror, that she had no face... no eyes, no ears, no nose, and no mouth... Then, she just disappeared into thin air. They say the girl's ghost has appeared many times since then, but only male students can see her.16

Origin: South Africa10

With the advent of democracy in 1994, a story started doing the rounds in primary schools about a monster that awaits girls in the school toilet. Girls were warned by their friends no tot wear pink to school because this would anger the creature, who would then try to attack or even rape them.18

The hysteria grew and sightings of the monster, dubbed Pinky Pinky, were reported at many schools around the country. It was said to resemble a bogeyman or a tokoloshe  (an African mythical creature) and had one paw and one claw. Boys could not see the creature but some claimed to have been attacked by it and left scratched and bruised.2

No one really knows what prompted the Pinky Pinky tale. It has been suggested that it was an embodiment of the fear young girls had of going to school toilets by themselves in a society where instances of rape and other sexual abuse was very prevalent.+

Pinky Pinky seems to have left the building in most cases, with only one or two sightings still being reported as the years go by. Several books and an art exhibition have been dedicated to the story. Today it is just a scary story that those who went to primary school in South Africa in the 1990s can relate to.+

+

+

Origin: Japan4

Gashadokuro is a giant skeleton from Japanese folklore. According to the Japanese urban legend, the large skeleton is made up of the bones of people who have died from starvation.+

Gashadokuro wanders around the countryside at night looking for prey. It is almost 90 feet tall and grinds its teeth, making a "gachi gachi" sound. The giant skeleton towers so high above the ground and walks so quietly that he can be almost invisible. If you hear a ringing in your ears, it means Gashadokuro is near.16

The Gashadokuro is created from the bones of people who have died of starvation. Because of the horrible way they died and the fact that their bodies were not properly buried, these people have a powerful grudge against the living. Their bones gather together to form a giant skeleton. +

It is filled with vicious anger and rage that can only be satisfied by drinking the blood of the living. If Gashadokuro sees you walking along the road at night, it will reach down with its bony fingers and snatch you off the ground. Then it will bite your head off with its giant teeth and drink the blood that drains out of your decapitated body.7

Diet Pills is a horrible tale about an overweight woman who wants to be thin.4

There was a middle-aged woman who was very fat and desperately wanted to lose weight. She had tried all sorts of fad diets, but none of them seemed to work. Exercise was out of the question because she was just too lazy and she lacked the willpower to force herself to eat less.5

One day, she was leafing through a magazine when she came across an advertisement for diet pills.+

"Guaranteed weight loss in just two weeks!" Said the ad.+

The company was selling diet pills over the internet, so the woman decided to order a month's supply.+

A few days later, she received a package in the mail. When she opened it, she was surprised to see that it only contained twelve large pills. The instructions said that she should take one pill per month, with a glass of water and afterward she should avoid eating spicy food and avoid drinking alcohol.7

The woman popped the diet pill into her mouth and swallowed it down. A few days later, she noticed that her appetite had completely disappeared. She didn't feel hungry at all and even though she didn't do any exercise, she was beginning to shed the pounds.+

As the days went on, she quickly began losing more and more weight. Within no time, she was admiring her slim new body in the mirror. The challenge was stunning. She had gone to a pear shape to an hourglass figure in no time at all.2

Unfortunately, the diet pills proved to be more effective than she had expected. Even though she was down to her target weight, she continued to get thinner and thinner. Soon, she was feeling tired and weak and she had sharp abdominal pains.+

The pain finally became so intense that she was forced to go to the hospital. A doctor examines her and became alarmed. After taking an x-ray of her stomach, he asked her if she had eaten anything strange lately.+

"No" replied the woman. "I've barely eaten anything at all since I started taking my diet pills..." +

The doctor asked to see the bottle of pills. He broke one capsule open and brought the contents down to the label to be analyzed. +

When he returned, he had some bad news for the woman.+

The diet pills contained the eggs of a tapeworm.17

Chicken dinner is an old urban legend about a married couple who trust a babysitter to take care of their young son. Instead of being scary, it ends up being rather horrifying.11

One evening, a mother and father were invited to a party. They couldn't get in contact with their usual babysitter, so they decided to ask their next-door neighbor, an old lady, to take care of their six-month-old baby son. The old woman said she would be delighted to help them out.7

They told her they needed to leave by 8 pm, but when the time came, the old woman had still not shown up. The husband gave her a phone call and asked her what was taking her so long.+

"Oh, I'm sorry", said the old woman. "I forgot all about it. I'll come over right now." +

When the old woman came to the door, the mother and father were already making their way to the car. They gave the old woman instructions to put the baby to bed at 9 pm and put a chicken in the oven so it would be cooked for the next day's dinner.6

While the couple was at the party, the mother decided to phone home and check on the babysitter. When the old woman answered the phone, the mother asked if she had put the baby to bed yet.+

"Oh, I'm sorry",  said the old woman. "I forgot all about it. I'll do it right now."+

"And have you put the chicken in the oven?" asked the mother.+

"Oh, I'm sorry", said the old woman again. "I forgot all about that too. I'll do it right now." 8

The mother just rolled her eyes and hung up the phone. She couldn't complain because the old lady was babysitting for free.+

After the party, the mother and the father drove home and when they opened the front door, the old lady was there to greet them. They thanked the old lady for taking care of their baby and she went home. The mother decided to go upstairs to check on the baby, but when she walked into the child's bedroom, she was shocked to see an uncooked chicken lying in the crib.7

Downstairs, the husband smelled smoke coming from the kitchen. He opened the oven and shouted upstairs to his wife "You won't believe this, Honey! That forgetful old lady has gone and burned our chicken dinner!"17

Origin: Japan 1

The Red Crayon is a sad and disturbing story about a young couple who buy a house that comes complete with an unsolved mystery.8

A married couple, who had just returned from their honeymoon, decided to buy a house. The couple was very happy because they managed to get the house at a very cheap price. It was in a nice neighborhood, close to the city and just a short walk from a shopping center.+

One day, the husband was walking down the hall when he spotted a red crayon lying on the floor. The couple didn't have any children, so the husband wondered where the crayon had come from.+

"Perhaps the previous residents left it behind", he said to himself as he casually threw it in the trash.+

The next day, the husband came home from work to find another red crayon lying exactly on the same spot. He was very puzzled and decided to ask his wife about it.+

The wife grew pale in the face when he brought it up. She told him that, every day since they first moved into the house, she had been finding red crayons when she was cleaning. They were always lying in the same spot, at the end of the hallway.2

The husband was standing in the hallway, wondering about this weird phenomenon when he began to notice something was not quite right. The hallway was too short.+

He tapped on the wall at the end of the hallway and heard a hollow sound. Curious, he began peeling off the wallpaper, despite the protests of his wife. +

Behind the wallpaper, they found a pair of sliding doors. It was as if someone had carefully hidden the entrance to a closet or a small room.+

The husband discovered that the sliding doors had been nailed shut. He got a hammer from his toolbox and began prying out the nails, one by one.+

After pulling out the last nail, he slowly opened the sliding door to reveal the small hidden room. Looking inside, they saw that the white walls of the little space were covered with words scribbled in red crayon.+

Over and over again were the words "Mommy, I'm sorry, let me out. Mommy, I'm sorry, let me out. Mommy, I'm sorry, let me out..."30

Origin: India8

The Indian village of Kuldhara was seemingly abandoned overnight, and no one knows why, though there are a few eerie theories.+

There are structures in the town of Kuldhara that date back to the 13th century, but no one has lived there since 1825 when all its residents seemingly vanished into thin air.+

According to local lore, 1.000 villagers completely abandoned their home overnight, without a trace. No one knows why they left, where they went or even saw them leave.+

Theories as to why they left range from poisoned wells to a greedy ruler levying high taxes to a dwindling water supply, though none of those explain why the inhabitants left so suddenly.+

You might be wondering why no one has tried to resettle the town - that's where the legend comes in. It said that the village chief cursed the land: apparently, anyone who tries to live there will die.+

The Indian Paranormal Society spent a night there and reported "Disembodied whispers, screams, noises are common at dark hours. Many of our members have witnesses apparitions, heard footsteps, experienced unusual touch and so on."+

Origin: Malaysia +

The Pontianak is the ghost of a woman who died while she was pregnant. She appears as a woman with pale skin, long black hair, sharp nails, and a white dress. She makes a sound like a crying baby as she goes in search of human prey. If the cry is soft, it means that the Pontianak is close, and if loud, it means she is far away.9

During the day, she hides in banyan trees and banana trees, but at night she goes in search of human prey. The Pontianak attacks men and drinks their blood. She can disguise herself as a beautiful young woman walking alone at night.5

Just when you are least expecting it, she will transform back into a Pontianak and plunge her sharp fingernails into your stomach, ripping out your internal organs and devouring them whole. It can also suck your eyes out of your head.3

The only way to stop a Pontianak is to hammer a nail into the hole at the back of her neck. This will make her into a beautiful woman and she will be a good wife. However, if the nail is ever removed, she will return to her true form.11

The Baby and the bear is a scary urban legend about a family who visits a wildlife park and takes pictures of their child with one of the bears. Obviously, it doesn't go as well as they expected.9

There was a family who took a road trip around the United States. One day, they visited a national wildlife park and saw an enormous mother bear with her baby. The parents thought the bears were adorable and decided it might be fun to take a picture of their baby with the bear licking his face.4

The mother took out a jar of honey and smeared it all over the baby's head while the father got his camera to immortalize the moment. They threw some rocks at the bear to get its attention. The bear started sniffing the scent of honey and quietly approached the baby.16

The parents happily snapped pictures until the bear suddenly started mauling the baby and bit off its face. The bear ended up tearing the baby to shreds and swallowed them all.2

The parents never got the pictures developed and the roll of the film stayed in their closet forever.14

Origin: Japan3

The White String is a strange urban legend about ear piercing. 5

During the 1980s, this legend was popular in Japan and a lot of kids were afraid to get their ears pierced because they believed the legend was true.+

A young girl desperately wanted to get her ears pierced. Her parents said she was too young, but she pleaded with them, saying that all the other girls in her class had pierced ears. Eventually, her parents relented and agreed to let her do it. They gave her some money and told her to go to the local mall and get her ears pierced in a jewelry store.2

Instead, the girl decided to keep the money and do the piercing herself. She got her best friend to help her do it. They heated up a large needle and stuck it through both of the girl's earlobes. It was quite painful but in the end, her ears were pierced and she was delighted to be able to wear earrings.+

However, a few days later, the girl was in school when she began to feel a pain in her left ear. Her earlobe was extremely itchy. During break time she went into the bathroom and looked in the mirror. Her earlobe was red and inflamed. She began scratching at it.11

When she looked closely, she saw what looked like the end of a piece of white string sticking out of the hole in her earlobe. Thinking it was very strange, she started picking and pulling at it. After a few minutes, there was a long piece of white string hanging out of her pierced earlobe. There didn't seem to be any end to it.2

Finally, she got a pair of scissors and cut the string. +

Suddenly, everything went black. She couldn't see anything. 1

She was rushed to the emergency room of the local hospital where the doctor examined her. When she told the doctor what had happened, he was shocked.+

"I'm sorry, you will be blind for the rest of your life," he said. "That wasn't white string. That was your optic nerve."16

Origin: Mexico+

The Seventh Son is a scary urban legend about a young boy who has occult powers and is feared by everyone in his village.2

In a secluded rural area near Toledo, Mexico there was a small village where one of the most tales of terror ever told took place. This is the story of a child called Federico, who lived in Mexico in the 19th century.+

Federico was the seventh son of his family. In fact, he was the seventh of a seventh son. Everybody in the village knew that the child was endowed with occult powers. They say he had the gift of second sight and was able to predict the future. He also had healing hands and was able to cure anyone of any ailment.+

The boy was quiet and shy, but all the other kids treated him like he was a monster. The villagers were terrified of him and refused to have anything to do with him.3

One dark night, the elders of the village got together and held a meeting. They discussed what should be done to the boy. They decided that he was so dangerous that they had to get rid of him and destroy his body because they believed this was the only way they could keep the village safe.24

These men persuaded the boy to come with them and led him to an abandoned and remote shack in the woods. There, when his back was turned, they pounced on him and bound his hands and feet. In a satanic ritual, they stripped him of his clothes, hung him from the roof and lowered his body into a huge vat of boiling oil. Then, while he was still alive and screaming in pain, they gouged out his eyes and hacked his body to pieces. They put the chunks of flesh and bone in a wooden barrel and dumped it in the river. The men returned home that night, satisfied that they had accomplished their task.12

The next day when some villagers went to visit the house of one of the elders, they knocked on the door but received no reply. They decided to enter and what they found inside almost made the blood freeze in their veins.+

The old man lay dead on the ground. His eyeballs were resting on his chest and his head had been crushed beyond recognition. His hands and feet had also been chopped off. There was a macabre message written on the ground in his blood. It read:+

"Innocent blood has been spilt. Now the guilty must die."19

After that, all of the elders who had participated in the brutal murder began turning up dead, their bodies hideously mutilated and mutilated.+

When the gruesome and bloody remains on the last man were discovered, the villagers found another message written in his blood. It read:+

"Now I have been avenged. The guilty have paid their debt.6

Origin: Korea+

The Right Eye is a scary urban legend about a young woman who receives a cornea transplant. They say this is the urban legend that inspired the movie "The Eye".3

There was a young woman in Korea who was blind in one eye. Eventually, she received a cornea transplant. The operation was a success and she was released from the hospital.+

However, a week later, she stopped going to work. Her friends couldn't get in touch with her. When her parents called, she didn't answer her phone.+

Eventually, her parents got worried and went to her house. They knocked on the door but there was no reply. They called the police and they broke down the door.+

They found the young woman lying on the floor in a pool of blood. She took her life. +

Her parents were devastated. They couldn't understand why their daughter would take her own life.+

The police noticed that all of the mirrors in the house had been smashed. All of the reflective surfaces in the house had been covered as well.+

When they came across the young woman's diary, they found something strange scrawled on the last pages. Over and over, she had written:+

"My right eye ist staring at me, my right eye is staring at me, my right eye is staring at me, my right eye is staring at me..."7

The scary story of Carmen Winstead is an urban legend about a 17-year old girl who was pushed down a sewer opening by five girls she thought were her friends. The chain letter claims that a boy named David Gregory died when he didn't pass it on.4

Carmen Winsted was 17 years old when her parents decided to move to Indiana. Her father had lost his job and the only way he could find a new employment was by moving to a new state. The relocation caused a lot of problems for Carmen. She had to leave her friends behind and attend a whole new school in Indiana.+

Carmen had a hard time making friends when she changed schools. It was the middle of the school year and most of the students had no interest in befriending the new girl. Initially, she spent many days alone, walking from class to class without speaking to anyone, but she eventually started hanging around with a group of five other girls. Carmen thought these girls were her friends, but it wasn't long before she discovered that they had been talking about her behind her back and spreading vile rumors.+

When she confronted them, the girls turned on her and began bullying her every day, making her life a misery. They started calling her names, but then the bullying got much worse. One day, she left her school books in the classroom at break time. When she returned, she found someone had taken a sharpie and written dirty words all over her books. Another day, she opened her bag and discovered someone had poured yogurt all over the insides. Sometimes, she would come to school and find her locker had been vandalized. The final straw came when she put on her coat at recess and found that someone had stuffed dog poop in her pockets.6

There and then, Carmen decided that she couldn't take the bullying any longer. She planned to stay behind, that evening, after school and tell her teacher what had been happening. Unfortunately, her decision came too late to save her life.+

After lunch, her teacher announced that the school was holding a fire drill. When the alarm sounded, Carmen and the other students filed out of the classroom and assembled in the yard outside. As the teachers read out the roll call, the gang of the five girls decided that this was a great opportunity to embarrass Carmen in front of the whole school during the fire drill.+

They moved over to where Carmen was standing, near the sewer drain, and began crowding the poor girl, getting in her face and nudging her towards the open manhole.+

They pushed her and she tripped over and fell head-first down the manhole. When they saw her falling, the girls started giggling and when Carmen's name was called out, they shouted, "She's in the sewer!"3

All of the other students began laughing. But when the teachers looked down the manhole and saw Carmen's body lying at the bottom in the muck and the poop, the laughter abruptly stopped. Her head was twisted around at an odd angle and her face was covered in blood. Worse still, she wasn't moving.2

There was nothing the teachers could do for her. Carmen was dead. When the police arrived and went down into the sewer, they determined that she had broken her neck. Her face had been torn off when she hit the ladder on the way down and her neck snapped when she landed on her head on the concrete at the bottom.+

The police hauled Carmen's body out of the sewer and sent her to the mortuary. Everyone had to stay behind after school while the police questioned all of Carmen's classmates. The five girls lied to the police, saying they had witnessed Carmen falling down the sewer. The police believed the girls and Carmen Winstead's death was ruled an accident and the case was closed. Everyone thought that was the last they would hear of Carmen Winstead, but they were wrong. 3

Months later, Carmen's classmates began receiving strange e-mails on their MySpaces. The e-mails were titled "They Pushed Her" and claimed that Carmen hadn't really fallen down the sewer, she had been pushed. The e-mails also warned that guilty people should own up and take responsibility for their crimes. If they didn't there would be horrible consequences. Most people dismissed the e-mails as a hoax, but others were not sure.+

A few days later, one of the girls who pushed Carmen down the sewer was at home taking a shower, when she heard a strange cackling laugh. It seemed to be coming from the drain. The girl started to freak out and ran out of the bathroom. That night, the girl said goodnight to her mom and went to sleep.+

Five hours later, her mom was awoken in the middle of the night, by a loud noise that resounded throughout the house. She ran into her daughter's room, only to find it empty. There was no trace of the girl. The worried mother called the police and when they arrived, they conducted a search of the area. Eventually, they discovered the girl's grisly remains.4

Her corpse was lying in the sewer, covered in muck poop. Her neck was broken and her face was missing. It had been completely torn off. One by one, all of the girls who pushed Carmen that day were found dead. They had all been killed in exactly the same way and were all found at exactly the same spot. In the sewer at the bottom of the same uncovered manhole where Carmen had met her doom. 1

But the killing didn't stop there. More and more of Carmen's former classmates were found dead. It seemed that anyone who didn't believe that Carmen had been pushed, was eventually found down in the sewer with their necks broken and their faces torn off.2

They say that Carmen's ghost is still on the rampage, hunting down anyone who doesn't believe her story. According to the legend, Carmen will get you, whether it's from a toilet, a shower, a sink or a drain. When you go to sleep, you'll wake up in the sewer, in complete darkness, paralyzed, unable to move, hearing cackling laughter all around you. Then as you scream in horror, Carmen will come and tear your face off.4

So be careful of who you bully, because you just might find yourself on the receiving end of the curse of Carmen Winstead.1

(To show Carmen you support her and are against bullying, share the story with your friends).132

Origin: Egypt5

El Naddaha is a sea nymph-like genie. Her name means "the caller" in Arabic, making her akin to the sirens of Greece. Many people in rural Egypt, and some in other cities, still believe in her to this day.+

She is said to be tall and beautiful, with long black hair flowing down her back. She wears long transparent dresses and lives in the Nile Delta. At night, particularly nights of the full moon, she comes out of her watery den and sits on the shore, waiting for a young man to walk by. She usually goes for men traveling alone, though she can appear to a group but only picks one of them.She calls their name and hypnotizes them. They follow her to the river where they swim to their deaths or drown in the cold water. The next day, she does it all over again. If you were to stop the man "called" by El Naddaha, you would become cursed. Your life would become a living hell until you are finally driven to suicide.In rural Egypt, she will call to men in their homes. They become called "the kidnapped by the caller". They say her call is loud and clear with a sad, melodic tone to it. It takes three days for the call to take effect. The "kidnapped" will spend this time in a semi-catatonic state before finally running away with El Naddaha.She has been known to fall in love with her prey on rare occasions. When this does happen, she will take him to her watery den where they make love for months on end. However, she eventually kills him in the fear he might escape. She buries his bones in her cavern. The next day, she returns to the bank to hunt again.Those who have encountered El Naddaha said that they ran away before getting a good look at her face. None dared look her in the eye. If they had, they wouldn't have been alive to tell their stories.+

Origin: Italy2

This haunting begins when the Cistercian monks lived here in the year 1123. People were sent here to receive judgment, get baptized, and more. The monks even introduced rice cultivation to the area! But, the monks had turned their backs on God and the Christian faith, instead, they turned to worship the devil.The Abbey became a place of nightmares. The monks often kidnapped villagers and sacrificed them to their dark master. Eventually, the Catholic church found out what was happening at Lucedio. They had the fallen monks put on trial. They were executed and the Abbey shut down.For years after, the people were forbidden to enter. It was said that the evil was never fully exorcized.Today, however, people can take tours of this once dark place and see the creepy events. They can see a pillar in the judgement room become wet for no reason. The people say that it "cries" from all the evil it has seen. In one area, a mysterious fog appears, cause unknown.The creepiest part of all is the crypt, where all the abbots were buried. It was believed that an evil presence was captured and locked down there and needed guarding so that it never escaped. A fair few holy Cistercian abbots were positioned in a circle around the crypt, almost like they were keeping the evil at bay. In time, the abbots became mummified and preserved.1

+

Some years ago, a young man and his new bride went to Paris for their honeymoon. While the happy couple was wandering around the city, taking in the sights, they decide to go shopping. The wife goes to a trendy clothing shop and tries on several dresses while her husband waits outside the dressing room. Some time passes and his wife doesn't return. The husband starts to wonder why his wife is taking so long.He asks a female assistant at the shop to go check on his wife and tell her to hurry up. The assistant returns and said his wife isn't in the dressing room. He is confused and goes to look for himself. The dressing room was completely empty. They do a search of the entire store, but his wife is nowhere to be found.The husband thought his wife was playing a practical joke on him and went back to the hotel room to wait for her, but she never showed up. As the hours passed, the husband becomes more and more worried. By morning, she had yet to return to their room, so he called the police.Within 48 hours, the Parisian authorities were looking for the missing American bride. They put her description over the radio stations and TV news channels. They described her as a tall American woman, 24 years of age, with a birthmark on her left cheek. It seemed everyone in Paris was on the lookout for the missing woman, but no one had seen her. It was as if she had vanished into thin air.The police did all that they could, but after three weeks, they called the search off. The husband began to think his wife had second thoughts about their marriage and must have simply ran off and left him. Six months after she disappeared, he finally left Paris and returned home, depressed and exhausted.As the months turned to years, the man gave up on finding his beautiful wife. His life had fallen apart. His grief was so strong, he was unable to hold a job or go on with his life. He became a drifter, wandering aimlessly from place to place, country to country, letting fate take him where it may.Two years later, he found himself at a carnival in the Philippines. He stopped in front of a shabby old tent that was home to a freak show. The sign above the entrance read "The House of Oddities". Out of curiosity, he went inside and was disgusted by what he saw within.Crouched in cages, he saw a collection of hideously deformed freaks. the bizarre denizens were terrifying examples of human misery. In the last filthy cage, he was horrified to see the featured attraction. A twisted, scarred and mutilated woman, rocking back and forth and groaning strange animal-like noises.The sign on her cage read "The Worm Woman". She had no arms or legs. They had been hacked off and just her torso remained. Her face was covered in jagged scars from horrible operations and her mouth was sewn shut. As she turned to look at him, the husband screamed.He recognized the birthmark on his wife's face.9

+

Origin: Japan+

One day in Japan, a man wanted to meet up with a girl he had gone to school with named Asako. They arranged to meet a popular location in Tokyo. But, on the day they were to meet, he waited for a few hours. Asako never showed up. He thought she may have forgotten or that it was the wrong day, he went home.He called her that night and she was mad at him for not showing up. She had been at the meeting place on time, but they had missed each other. It was kind of strange, but Tokyo was big and the meeting spot busy, so the two laughed and made plans to meet at a smaller train station outside of the city.The man got to the meeting place and waited for hours. He even got the announcers to use the P.A. system to come to meet him at the exit. Again, Asako was a no show.He called her again and she insisted that she had waited at the exit, as they had discussed. She even heard the announcement. She said she was standing at the exit but no one else was around.Of course, this freaked them out. So, the man decided to take his girlfriend, Yukiko, with him to Asako's apartment and meet her that night. Asako agreed to this, so the man and his girlfriend headed over right away.The three had fun, everything seemed normal, and they lost track of time. The man and Yukiko had missed the last train that would take them home. Asako said that they could stay the night and pulled out the futon for them to use.At about 3 AM that night, the man woke up, unable to move. He opened his eyes and saw Asako looking down at him as she sat on his stomach. Her eyes were as black as night and her face almost pure white. Her long black hair hung in his face. Asako was wearing a black kimono and a headdress that looked like a 3-pronged candlestick with burning candles.She moved closer, her hair moving with an abnormal wind and it caught on fire. He could feel the heat from her hair, but he still couldn't move or speak. He began to panic, especially when she began to reach for his neck. He tried to get his girlfriend's attention, but his voice refused to come out. Asako squeezed his neck, the whole time whispering something to him, but he couldn't make it out.All of a sudden, he yelled out and heard someone moving on the bed. It was Asako, sleepy and confused. Yukiko was laying on the floor nearby instead. He refused to tell the girls what had happened. But, two months later, he and Yukiko went to a traditional Japanese play.One character was a vengeful woman who had been betrayed in her past life. Her goal: To hunt down the reincarnation of the man who betrayed her and kill him. She was pale with long, black hair and wore a black kimono. She also wore a 3-pronged candlestick headdress, and her hair would catch fire from the candles atop it.Later, the man went to a fortune teller and asked her about his experience. She told him that he had betrayed a woman in his past life and the spirit of the angry woman was reincarnated as Asako. Every they had tried to meet up, his protector spirits prevented them from seeing each other to keep his safe. But, when he stayed in Asako's apartment, he had trapped himself in a place where the vengeful woman could attack him. The fortune-teller said he was lucky to be alive.6

+

The Babysitter story is a scary urban legend about a teenage girl who is babysitting two children one night when she receives a creepy phone call from a strange man. It is also known as "The Babysitter and the Man Upstairs".+

There was a young girl who was in need of a job. She was able to find work as a babysitter for a couple who lived in a large, isolated, old house. They were going to see a movie that night and left the teenage babysitter in charge of their two young children.+

The babysitter put the children to bed when it got late and then went downstairs to watch some television. She was just getting comfortable when she heard the phone ringing. When she answered it, all she heard was heavy breathing followed by a man's voice asking, "Have you checked on the children?" +

Freaked out, she hung up the phone, trying to convince herself that it was just someone playing a practical joke on her. She went back to watching television but about 15 minutes later, the phone rang again. She picked up the receiver and heard hysterical laughter from the other end of the line. Then, the same voice asked, "Why haven't you checked on the children?"+

The babysitter slammed down the phone. The poor girl was frightened out of her wits and immediately calls the police. The operator at the police station told the babysitter that if the man called again, she should try to keep him talking. That would give the police the time to trace the call.+

A few moments later, the phone rang a third time and when the babysitter answered it, she heard the heavy breathing again. The voice on the other line said, "You should really check on the children." The babysitter listened to him laughing hysterically for a long time. She hung up the phone again and almost immediately, it rang again.+

This time, it was the operator from the police station who yelled, "Get out of the house right now! The calls are coming from the phone upstairs!"8

The babysitter dropped the phone in shock and suddenly she heard heavy footsteps walking down the stairs. Without pausing for a second, she ran out of the house as fast as her legs would carry her. Just as she closed the front door behind her, a man's hand slammed against the glass. She screamed and ran out into the street just as a police car was pulling up outside.+

The police searched the house and found the two children upstairs, hiding, in a closet, crying uncontrollably. In the parents' bedroom, they found a bloody ax lying on the floor next to the upstairs phone. The back window was wide open and the curtains were blowing in the breeze. There was no sign of the madman who had made the phone calls. He had escaped into the night when the police arrived and managed to interrupt his horrible plan to kill the two children and the poor babysitter.8

+

Origin: China+

There was a young couple who were in love and they planned to run away together and get married. They arranged to meet at midnight beside the lotus pond. The girl showed up on time and waited for the boy to arrive. She waited and waited for such a long time, but her boyfriend never appeared.+

When the girl was going back to the dormitory, she suddenly spotted her boyfriend with another female classmate. The girl was so distraught that she began to cry and cry. She went back to the lotus pond and threw herself into the water. She committed suicide by drowning.6

Sometime after that, another young couple agreed to meet late at night at the lotus pond. The boy was early, so he waited at the water's edge, pacing back and forth. Suddenly he heard a female voice behind him say, "I asked you to meet me at midnight, didn't I?"+

The boy answered, "No". All of a sudden, two pale white hands emerged from the water and dragged him into the pond. He was drowned to death.6

Ever since then, at Chung Chi, there is an unwritten rule: If you got to the lotus pond at midnight and you encounter a girl, do not answer her questions, do not even look at her, otherwise, your life will be in danger.1

Polybius is an urban legend about a rare arcade game that caused seizures or brain aneurysms and was used in mind control experiments to brainwash people and even cause them to kill themselves.5

Back in the 1980s, if people wanted to play computer games, they had to go to arcades that had stand-alone machines. The Polybius game was supposedly released in 1981 to arcades in Portland, Oregon.+

The machines were completely black and the only decoration was the name 'Polybius' in bright letters at the top. There was just a button and joystick used for gameplay. They say it was a puzzle/shoot-em-up game, somewhat like Tempest, where you move a rotating ship around the screen and shoot to destroy the enemies.+

Polybius supposedly became very popular. It was extremely addictive and people would form long lines, waiting to play it. However, there was something sinister as hearing the sound of a woman crying and seeing grotesque faces out of the corner of their eyes. Some saw disturbing subliminal messages flashing up on the screen.+

After playing the game, people would have horrible nightmares, waking up in a panic. Others experienced extreme nausea, convulsions and vomiting. Others got headaches, blackouts, hallucinations or even developed amnesia. Some unlucky people even committed suicide.+

According to one owner of an arcade, mysterious men in black suits would often come to collect records from the game. They did not collect any money, just data on gameplay and in some cases, they would change the settings. Because of this, the leading theory is that it was some sort of government experiment using subliminal messages to brainwash people and control their minds.+

The game remains in obscurity because about one month after the release, all of the cabinets suddenly disappeared. One cabinet reappeared in an arcade 1998, but quickly disappeared again. While some tried to recreate the game, no one has ever found the original ROM. It was supposedly created by a mysterious company called Sinnneslöschen (which is German for "Sense Deletion").3

Origin: Italy 2

Near beautiful and romantic Venice, Italy, there is an island. The shores of this island are strewn with polished human bones. It is reported to be so frightening that tourists aren't allowed to set foot on the island.In 1576, Venice was in the midst of the plague. The streets were lined with rotting corpses. The stench was growing worse by the day. Something had to be done. The bodies were gathered and sent to Proveglia, where they were either thrown into pits or burned.But it wasn't enough. The plague got worse. People were beginning to panic. It got to where those who showed symptoms of plague were hauled out of their homes. They were sent to Poveglia and thrown into the pits to die in agony. Among them were young children and infants. Around 160K tormented souls were disposed of on the island over the years.A thin layer of ash from the burned corpses still remains on the island's surface. It wasn't long before eerie sounds could be heard and ghostly figures could be seen on the island. It became known as "The Haunted Island".Despite all the hauntings, a mental hospital was built upon the island. The patients of the hospital immediately started reporting strange sounds and said that they saw plague victims. However, because they were already considered insane, no one believed their claims.The hospital was run by a weird doctor. He used alive patients in his twisted experiments to discover what caused insanity. His methods were crude. He took his "patients" to the hospital's tower to perform lobotomies, sometimes with a hand drill, other times with a simple hammer and chisel. Those poor victims were tortured instead of given help.After years of performing these disgusting acts, the doctor himself began seeing the ghosts of the plague. It is said that the angry spirits rose from their grave and dragged the doctor to the top of the tower. They tormented him, making to jump from the tower window, falling to his death.As he lay there, taking his last breaths, a mist formed around him. It entered his body and suffocated him. The patients then bricked up the body inside the tower, trapping his spirit there for all time. On quiet nights, you can still the bell tower ring from across the bay.1

Origin: Brazil+

The Blonde in the Bathroom or "A Loira do Banheiro" is the most famous urban legend in Brazil. She is a ghost that haunts school toilets. Some say she is the Brazilian version of Bloody Mary.13

Every schoolboy and schoolgirl in Brazil has heard the legend of "A Loira do Banheiro" Or The Blonde in the Bathroom.+

They say she is the ghost of a dead girl with long blonde hair. Her nose and mouth are stuffed with bloody cotton, blood streams from her empty eye sockets, and her skin is covered in small cuts. Some say she appears in the mirror at you and others say she asks you to take the cotton out of her nose.+

To make her appear, you must go to the last stall in the bathroom and kick the door 3 times, flush the toilet 3 times, turn a tap on and off 3 times and say a curse word out loud 3 times.11

Legend has it that she was once a beautiful blonde girl who always skipped classes and hung out in the school bathroom, smoking, drinking alcohol, and generally getting up to no good. Then one day, during these escapades, she fell, hit her head on a toilet, and bled to death. Since that day, the toilets of schools are haunted by the spirit of the dead blonde.3

According to another legend, her name was Maria Augusta and she was the daughter of a Brazilian viscount. At the tender age of 14, her parents forced her to marry a man she didn't love. He was so much older than her and she was very unhappy in the marriage. She ended up having an affair with another man and she ran away to Europe with her lover. Unfortunately, she died of pneumonia and her remains were shipped back to her parents. They say that at the exact moment of her death, a mirror in her parents' house shattered. Her parents put her body on display in a glass case and refused to bury her.4

There is yet another legend that claims the blonde in the bathroom was once a teacher who fell in love with one of her students. When her husband found out, he flew into a jealous rage and murdered her. First, he stabbed her and sliced her face to ribbons, then he stuffed her head down one of the school toilets until she drowned.2

Here are two accounts from people who claim they encountered The Blonde in the Bathroom:+

"It all started when this girl in my class started reading about urban legends on the internet and found the famous legend of the blonde in the bathroom. She told all of us that she was going to do the ritual. She did everything right and was alone in the bathroom with the door locked. I don't know what happened while she was alone in there, but when she came out she acted as nothing had happened. When we asked her if the ritual worked, she was like, "What are you talking about?" She couldn't remember anything about it. When one of my friends mentioned something about the blonde in the bathroom, the girl suddenly began to bang her head on the table, her eyes turned back in her head and she gave a horrible screech. Her parents had to come and take her home. When she came back to school a few days later, she said, "I don't know, I do not remember anything!"5

"When I was little, I was always fascinated by the supernatural. One day, my friend and I were in school when we heard someone screaming from the second floor. We ran up there and what we saw was incredible. We saw many people gathered around the door of the bathroom and just as we were going to see what was going on, we saw a student running scared and crying. There was a woman following her with a bloody nose, bloody face and her skin was all torn and bleeding. Most importantly, she was blonde. After a while, we saw two nuns coming and the blonde ran into the bathroom. When the nuns opened the door, the bathroom was empty. She disappeared. To this day, I can still remember that face."2

+

Origin: Philippines+

The White Lady is undoubtedly one of the country's most famous ghosts, with every locality having their own version of this ghostly apparition of a woman with long, black hair who wears an all-white dress.6

The White Lady is usually a woman with a sad past, having been murdered or dying in an accident. +

According to different variations of the urban legend, the White Lady was a young woman who died either in a car accident or was raped and killed by Japanese soldiers (in another version it's a taxi driver). Since then, she supposedly appears to any motorist brave enough to go through her area alone at night.+

Sometimes, she suddenly appears in the rearview of cars, her face full of blood and bruises. Other times, she asks cab drivers to give her a ride and then suddenly disappears without a trace. +

+

Origin: Mexico+

The Phantom of the Park is a scary urban legend that comes from Mexico. It's about a park that is said to be haunted by the ghost of a woman who causes health problems and even death to those who have the misfortune to come into contact with her.+

In the small city of Jaral del Progreso in Mexico, there is a beautiful park called the Benito Juárez park: It is one of the attractions of the city but is built near the remains of an old, forgotten cemetery and there are some who say it is haunted.+

The city wanted to improve the park, so they placed nice benches and seats so that people could enjoy the scenery. They say that disturbed the spirits of the dead and unleashed a deadly curse.+

Every night, the benches were vandalized and nobody knew who was causing the damage. To protect the park benches against vandals, the city hired a security guard to patrol the grounds at night.+

One night, when the security guard was on duty, everything seemed normal until midnight, when a dense fog emerged and spread out across the park and a cold wind began to blow. The guard heard the cries of a woman. They seemed to b coming from the other side of the park.+

He saw a shadowy figure lurking near the park benches. It looked like an old woman in a long white dress. Believing that she was up to no good, the guard followed her and saw her breaking and damaging the park benches. +

When he got closer, he was horrified to see that she had no legs and she was floating above the ground. All of a sudden, the woman attacked him and began to beat him fiercely. He managed to escape and, in the morning, still trembling, he told his boss what he had seen.+

Soon afterward, the man was suddenly struck down with a mysterious illness. The doctors couldn't figure out what was wrong with him and, a few days later, he died.+

The city decided to hire another security guard to replace him. The same thing happened to him. One night, when the new guard was on patrol, he was confronted by a ghostly old woman. She rushed at him and began beating him furiously.+

Within days, the terrified man became seriously ill, but unlike the previous watchman, he managed to survive and eventually recovered. The doctors still couldn't explain what the mysterious illness was or what had caused it. All they knew was that it was the same as the disease that killed the previous watchman.+

City officials tried to hush it up and keep it out of the newspapers, but eventually, word got around and no one was willing to stand guard in the park at night. The benches were still being vandalized and the city just had to put up with it and keep repairing the damage.4

Ever since then, nobody goes near the Benito Juárez at night. They call the ghost "The Phantom of the Park" and they say that if you come in contact with the ghost of the old woman, you will be afflicted by a sudden illness that could end up causing your death.+

The scary clown statue story is an urban legend about a babysitter who finds herself alone in the house with a creepy statue of a clown. Some people believe that this a true story, but in reality, it's just an urban myth.5

A few years ago, there was a wealthy couple who had two young children, a boy, and a girl. The family lived in a large house in Newport Beach, California.+

After taking care of their kids all week, the mother and father decided that they needed a break, so they booked a table for dinner at a nice restaurant. +

That evening, they called a teenage girl they knew and arranged for her to come over and babysit their children while they were out. When the babysitter arrived, the parents told her to fix supper for the kids and put them to bed.+

"After that, you can just watch TV and help yourself to anything in the fridge," said the father.+

"And if you wouldn't mind," said the mother, "could you watch TV in our room? The kids have been having nightmares recently, so if you hear them crying, you can just go in and calm them down." +

The babysitter happily agreed and the parents left for their dinner date. The girl gave the children some milk and cookies, then ushered them upstairs to bed. She started to read them a bedtime story and, before long, the little boy and girl were fast asleep. After tucking them in, she switched off the lights and went to watch TV.+

When the babysitter walked into the parents' bedroom and sat down, she noticed that there was a creepy-looking clown statue standing in the corner of the room. She tried to ignore it, but it looked so eerie and disturbing that it sent a chill down her spine. She felt as though its eyes were staring straight at her while she watched TV.+

As time passed, the babysitter started to feel more and more uneasy about the clown statue. Whenever she glanced at it, she got the unsettling feeling that it had moved, ever so slightly. Finally, the clown statue began to freak her out so much that she couldn't handle it any longer.+

She decided to go downstairs and phone the parents. When she dialed the number they had left for her, the father answered.+

"Hi, it's me," said the babysitter. "Everything's fine. The kids are fast asleep in bed, but I was just wondering... would it be OK if I watched TV downstairs?"+

"Of course," replied the father. "But why?"+

"I know it sounds silly," laughed the girl, "but the clown statue is creeping me out."+

"The clown statue?" asked the father.+

"Yeah, the clown statue in your bedroom," the girl replied.+

The phone went silent for a moment.+

"Listen to me very carefully," said the father. "Take the children and get out of the house. We will call the police. Go! Now!" +

"What's wrong?" asked the girl.+

The father gulped and replied, "We don't have a clown statue."+

For a second, the babysitter just stood there, stunned. Then, she dropped the phone and raced upstairs and grabbed the children. Carrying one under each arm, she raced downstairs again and fled out into the street.3

Huddled on the sidewalk, comforting the two children, the babysitter looked at the bedroom and saw something that made her scream out in horror. Peeking through a gap in the curtains was the white, painted face of a clown. It stared at her for a moment, then sank back into the darkness.+

Within minutes, the police arrived, and cautiously entered the house. In the upstairs bedroom, they found a man dressed in a clown suit. When they arrested him, they found a knife concealed in his costume.+

The clown turned out to be a mentally disturbed midget who was a convicted murderer and cold-blooded killer. The evil man had been stalking the family for months, lurking in their attic during the daytime, and coming out to sneak around the house at night.+

For weeks, the children had been complaining about a "clown statue" that stood in their room and watched them sleep, but the parents just dismissed this as nightmares.3

Origin: Japan+

Mary-San or "Mary's Phone Call" is a Japanese urban legend about a young girl who receives creepy phone calls from the doll she abandoned. It is very similar to "The Antique Doll". 2

There was a young Japanese girl who had an old Western doll that she cherished very much. The doll's name was Mary. The girl's father got a new job, and the family had to move to a new town. During the move, the girl accidentally lost her doll.+

One night, the girl's parents went out, and she was left alone in the new house. All of a sudden, the phone started ringing. When she answered it, she heard a high-pitched voice on the other end of the line.+

"Hello, it's Mary-San. I'm at the garbage dump now."+

The girl got scared and hung the phone up, but it immediately started ringing again. +

"Hello, it's Mary. I'm at the corner store now."+

The girl hung up, but it started ringing again. +

"Hello, it's Mary. I'm in front of your house now." +

Trembling with fear, the girl cautiously opened the front door, but there was nobody there.+

"Maybe it was just a prank call," the girl thought.+

She let out a sigh of relief and closed the front door. However, just as she was about to head back upstairs to her room, the phone started ringing again. +

"Hello, it's Mary. I'm right behind you." +

The girl slowly turned around...+

Later that night, when her parents came home, they found the girl lying in a pool of blood. She had been stabbed to death.+

+

How to avoid being killed by Mary-San:+

1. Lock all your doors and windows.+

2. Don't answer the phone.+

3. Keep your back to the wall.+

4. If she is behind you, don't turn around.19

The Dead Man's Hand is an urban legend about the most dangerous cards that can be dealt in a poker game. Two black Aces and two black Eights. The story goes that anyone who has dealt a dead man's hand in a game of poker dies immediately.1

Unlike most hands in poker, the Dead man's hand only contains four cards instead of five, because you die before you receive the fifth card.+

In 1876, the legendary Old West lawman, Wild Bill Hickok, was playing poker in a saloon in the town of Deadwood. He was dealt four cards in the game and when he turned them over, he realized he had been dealt the dead man's hand.+

He was dead before he got the fifth card. He had been shot in the back of the head and killed instantly. His body slumped forward over the poker table, still gripping the fateful cards in his left hand.+

In order for it to work, you must be dealt the cards in this order, Eight, Ace, Eight, Ace. You see, "H" is the eighth letter of the alphabet, you when you get 8A8A, what the cards are really spelling out is "HAHA". It's like the universe is laughing at you. +

So, if you are ever playing poker and someone deals you an 8 and then an Ace and then another 8 and then another Ace... Look behind you! Because the chances are you're never going to be dealt another card.6

The 7th Barn (or The Seven Barns) is a scary urban legend about a haunted barn in Ohio that is believed to have been the scene of the grisly murders of an entire family.18

There was a wealthy farmer who owned a lot of land in Ohio. He built a new barn on his property every time his wife had a baby. He named the barns after each of his children and, by the time this story takes place, they had six kids and were expecting number seven.3

However, the farmer's wife died in childbirth and so did her unborn baby. The farmer went insane with grief and couldn't tend his farm. The family had no money and the farm started going under.+

They say that one night, in the depths of his madness and despair, the farmer took an axe and led his children out to the barns where he murdered them, one by one. He buried each of their bodies in the six barns that had been named after them. Then, the farmer went to the seventh barn, where he hung himself.1

As the story goes, all of the barns were eventually torn down and the land was sold off. All except for the seventh barn. Nobody wanted to buy the land because of the what had happened there, so it was abandoned and soon fell into disrepair.+

They say that if you go to that barn at night, you can see the ghost of the farmer hanging from the rafters, his body swinging back and forth in the wind, dwelling on his terrible crime for all eternity.+

No one was really sure where the seventh barn was located, although is was definitely in Ohio. Some said it was the Cranz farm in Cuyahoga Valley and others said it was at Top O' The World in Northampton.+

In 1997, a local Ohio teacher claimed that, after a lot of research, he had finally managed to track down the real location of the infamous seventh barn. He said that none of the barns had ever actually been torn done. The land had just been divided up and sold off and the barns had simply been incorporated into neighboring farms.+

According to the teacher, he was able to pinpoint the correct location because all of the barns on the neighboring properties had nameplates above their doors. They had the names of the children engraved on them.+

The teacher and his son set out at night to visit the barn, bringing a video camera with them, in the hopes of capturing some paranormal activity.+

The next moring, the teacher's wife reported her husband and son missing. Police found their abandoned car by the roadside. While searching the area, they entered a barn in a nearby field and found the dead bodies of the teacher and his son hanging from the rafters.3

The Mothman is a scary, unexplained creature with large red eyes and large wings like a moth. It was first sighted in Point Pleasant, West Virginia, and was made famous by the 2002 movie "The Mothman Prophecies" and has appeared before major world disasters.4

The creature often appears to have no head, with red eyes set into its chest. It has been photographed and been seen by eyewitnesses and has chased and harassed a number of people.5

The first sighting of the Mothman was in November 1966 in Point Pleasant, Virginia. Two newlywed couples were driving together on Route 62 when they saw a dark figure on a hillside up ahead. It was almost seven feet tall and it had red eyes and large black wings folded behind his back. As they watched, it spread its wings and flew into the air. They sped off, but the dark figure followed them, even though they were driving at over 100 mph.6

Later that night, a man was at home watching TV when the screen suddenly went dark and was filled with a weird pattern. Just then, he heard a loud, high-pitched whining noise coming from outside his house. When he went out to see what it was, he saw two large red eyes staring at him from the darkness. His dog took off after it and never came back. That night, the man was so scared, he slept with a gun next to his bed.+

Another family in the area spotted a dark figure outside their house. It was almost seven feet tall, with terrible glowing red eyes. The figure came onto their porch and peered through their windows. The family was so horrified that they locked their doors and called the police, but by the time they arrived, the creature had vanished.+

News of the strange sightings spread around the world and newspapers nicknamed the creature "Mothman".+

Between 1966 and 1967, over 100 people saw the mysterious Mothman.+

On December 15, 1967, a major disaster hit the town of Point Pleasant when the Silver Bridge collapsed during rush hour traffic. The cars plunged into the dark waters of the Ohio river, and 46 people were killed in the accident. That night, eerie lights were seen in the sky all over Point Pleasant.+

The Mothman was never seen again after the bridge collapsed. Many people believe that Mothman had something to do with the disaster.+

Mothman has also been sighted just before other world tragedies, such as the Tsunami in India, Chernobyl in Russia, the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq, and September the 11th in New York.11

Origin: Japan+

Yama Uba or the Mountain Witch is a demon from Japanese folklore who lives in a hut in the mountains and eats anyone who is unfortunate enough to cross her path.+

She is a hideous old hag with long straggly, yellowed hair, piercing eyes, tattered clothing, and a gaping mouth that stretches across her entire face.7

The Mountain Witch was once a normal old woman, living in a small village in Japan. But the area experienced a terrible famine and food became scarce. Her children didn't want to feed her anymore so they drove her out of the village and left her in the woods to die of starvation. +

But Yama Uba didn't die. She made her way up onto the mountains and found shelter in a cave. Living alone for so many years gradually drove her insane and she became a cannibal, existing on the flesh of the people she killed.+

She built a little hut, deep in the forest, and now, to survive, she preys on travelers who become lost in the mountains. She poses as a pretty young woman and offers them shelter for the night in her hut. But once they fall asleep, she kills them and eats them. Sometimes she uses her hideous hair to entangle her victims and drag them into her giant mouth.+

In some stories, the Mountain Witch offers to lead a lost traveler back onto the right path. Instead, she leads him off the edge of a cliff and he falls to his death on the rocks below. Then, Yama Uba rushes down to the bottom of the cliff and hungrily feasts on the poor traveler's remains.+

Under The Bed is a scary urban legend about a family who goes on holiday and checks into a +

cheap hotel, only to find a horrible surprise.+

A family went on vacation together and checked into a suite at a cheap old hotel. They booked two double rooms, one room for the husband and wife and one for their children.+

When they got to their room, they both detected a horrible odor. The husband called down to the front desk and asked to speak to the manager. He explained that the room smelled disgusting and they would like another suite. The manager apologized and told the man that they were all booked because of a convention. But he said he was sending a maid up to their +

room to clean and try and get rid of the odor.+

After lunch, the family went back to their rooms. When the kids walked into their room, they could both still smell the same odor. Again the father called the front desk and told the manager that the room still smelled really bad. The manager told the man that there was nothing he +

could do.+

So the kids had to spend the night in the room. The girl and the boy held their noses, trying not to breathe in the stink. Eventually, they got to sleep, and in the morning, their parents were +

knocking at the door to wake them up.+

When they opened the door, their father smelled the stink and decided he had to get to the bottom of what was causing this horrible smell. So he started searching the entire room for the source of the bad odor. He sniffed the towels, took down the curtains, and checked the carpet. The kids helped out too, checking the bed-clothes and the mattress. As he pulled the top mattress off the bed, the young boy saw a big hole in the box spring base underneath. He looked down into the base of the bed and came face to face with a horrible sight.+

There, lying curled up inside the base was the dead body was a woman. The boy realized that he had slept all night just a few inches away from a rotting corpse.1

Black-eyed children (or Black-eyes kids) is an urban legend about strange kids with eyes that are completely black who accost people late at night and demand help. Some people believe they are evil creatures in disguise and others believe they are aliens.7

The urban legend began in 1996 when a man named Brian Bethel from Abilene, Texas claimed he had an encounter with two very strange children.+

One night, he was getting into his car, which was parked outside a movie theater, when two young boys approached and knocked on his window, but he got the strangest feeling that something wasn't quite right.+

"Hey, mister, we have a problem," said the older boy in a calm voice. "You see, my friend and I want to see the films, but we forgot our money. We need to go to our house to get it. Want to help us out?" +

There was something about the two pale boys that scared the man and he hesitated.+

"C'mon, mister. Let us in. We can't get in your car until you do, you know," the boy said soothingly. "Just let us in, and we'll be gone before you know it. We'll go to our mother's house."+

For the first time, the man noticed their eyes. They were as black as coal. There was no pupil and no iris. Just two completely black eyes.+

As if sensing the man's unease, the boy said, "C'mon, mister. We won't hurt you. You have to LET US IN. We don't have a gun..."+

The man was frightened and threw the car into reverse.+

The boy shouted, "WE CAN'T COME IN UNLESS YOU TELL US IT'S OKAY. LET! US! IN!" +

The man drove off, but when he looked back, he saw that the boys were gone and the sidewalk outside the movie theater was deserted.+

The story was originally posted on a website called "Obiwan's UFO-Free Paranormal Page" and ever since then, people have been reporting encounters with similar black-eyed children.+

All encounters seem to take place at night when the person is alone in their home or in their car. The children's faces are usually partially obscured by hoodies or hats and the people report a strange sense of unease or foreboding. When the people notice their black eyes, the children become insistent and aggressive, and when they can't get into the house or car, they mysteriously disappear.+

Origin: Korea+

The Cuckoo is a Korean scary story about an insane man who attacks girls on deserted streets and darkened laneways.3

The Cuckoo urban legend began to spread rapidly around Korea a few years ago. Rumors were heard in schoolyards about a crazy man they called Mr. Cuckoo or The Cuckoo Man.+

They said he would lurk in alleys and side streets, lying in wait for his victims.+

As soon as a group of young girls passed by, they would hear a voice saying, "Cuckoo! Cuckoo!" +

When they turned around to look, the man would attack them with overwhelming and indiscriminate violence. Some say he carried a baseball bat and others say it was an ax.+

Reports claimed that many Korean girls were maimed by the crazy man and a few were even killed. In one incident, 20 to 30 Korean schoolgirls were walking down a street, when a man suddenly stepped out of the shadows and began beating them with a baseball bat as if he was playing a game of Whack-A-Mole. Before the police arrived, the unidentified man fled, leaving five girls severely injured.+

They say that if you are walking down a deserted street and hear someone say, "Cuckoo! Cuckoo!" you should answer the call with "Cuckoo! Cuckoo!" and then run for your life.+

As the story goes, Mr. Cuckoo was a man who suffered from a severe mental illness. He was committed to an insane asylum as a mental patient. While he was being treated there, he was attacked by a female patient who beat him senseless and left him scarred for life. After he recovered, he developed an intense hatred for women.+

Soon afterward, the Cuckoo man escaped from the mental home and disappeared. The authorities were never able to track him down and, after a while, they gave up searching for him.+

Today, he is still on the loose and stalks the lonely streets, looking for young girls to attack. Kids who have seen the Cuckoo man describe him as being in his early 30s, very big and tall, wearing a black beanie hat.7

According to the legend, the Cuckoo man will sometimes ask a nonsensical question like, "Is Mr. Cuckoo cuckoo?" or "Do you know the Cuckoo?" +

If you don't know the answer to his question or don't answer at all, he will immediately attack you. The best thing to do is say "Yes" to whatever he asks and then start running.+

Origin: Mexico+

The White Death is a creepy story about a vengeful spirit in Mexico who hunts down anyone who knows about her existence.19

I am currently sitting in front of my computer, scared witless. Every moment could be my last. My friend is here with me and he is the sole reason why my life is in danger. It may not make sense at first, but let me explain.+

It all started earlier today when a friend of mine burst into my house and slammed the door behind him. His eyes were wide with fear and he stood there with his back against the door, breathing heavily. I asked him what had happened and he told me this story:+

He had been living with his aunt for the past year because his parents were in Mexico. They were doing mission work at a small hospital in Southern Mexico. The previous night, a bedraggled man had stumbled through the entrance of the hospital. He was screaming in Spanish and appeared to be out of his mind with terror.+

They bought him over to a chair and let him sit down. As he caught his breath, he told his story in broken English. He claimed that his sister had been killed by something he referred to as "La Muerte Blanca". He kept saying that it was coming for him next.+

Confused, they asked him who or what a Muerte Blanca was. With a look of unfathomable fear on his face, he said that the La Muerte Blanca was The White Death. She is the soul of a girl who died years ago. She died by her own hand, he said, alone and unsolved. She hated life so much that she wanted to remove all traces of herself from the earth. So great was her desire to completely obliterate her memory, that she returned form her dead as a vengeful spirit, bent on killing all those who knew of her existence.+

She is a girl, but not a girl, he said. +

She is not dead, but not really alive. She has cold, black eyes that weep blood. She walks without ever actually seeming to move an inch. She stalks her victims like a wild animal, pursuing them across rivers and valleys, trailing them back to their homes. You are never really aware that she is following you, until you hear her telltale knock upon your door.+

"She knocks once for your skin, which she'll use to patch her own decaying flesh. Twice for your hair, which she'll gnash between her teeth. Three times form your bones, which she'll fashion into clubs. Four times for your heart, which she'll tear out of your chest. Five times four your teeth, which she'll polish and keep in a box. Six times for your eyes, which she'll pluck out one by one. Seven times for your soul, which she'll swallow whole."5

"No matter where you go, the White Death will track you down and you will hear her terrible knocking begin on the door. You can try to outturn her, but she is faster than any mortal man. If you flee from your home while she's knocking on your door, she will follow you wherever you go."+

The terrified man was certain that this thing had killed his sister. He had tried to tell the police, about the White Death, but they would not listen, dismissing it as an old wives' tale. Next, he had tried to tell his priest, but the priest immediately shut the door of the church in his face and turned him away. The priest had seen the White Death following him, he said, and did not want to get involved.+

With his head in his hands, the frightened man said that the White Death follows you forever until you tell someone else about it. Then is strikes. It kills you and begins following the person you told.10

After finishing the tale, the man stole a car from the mission hospital parking lot, and vanished into the night.+

Apparently, my friend's mother and father had immediately called his aunt and told her about the strange man they had encountered. They asked her if she had ever heard of the White Death. She said she had not and they proceeded to tell her the story that the man had told them.+

The aunt got a phone call later that night. It was the Mexican police. They had told her that the parents had been found dead outside the hospital. They had been torn apart.+

My friend's aunt had immediately called him at school to break the bad news to him. As he cried, she told him she couldn't understand what had happened. She recounted the whole story to him, telling him about the strange man who had turned up in the hospital just hours before his parents were found dead. She told him how the man had given his parents a weird and disturbing story about something called the White Death.+

When he hung up the phone, he had struggled to come to terms with what had happened. It almost didn't seem real to him. When he got home after school, he found the front door of his aunt's house standing open. Inside was a trail of blood, leading into the kitchen. There on the kitchen floor, he found his aunt's dead body. She had been torn limb from limb.+

He ran out of the house and all the way across town, never looking back, until he reached my house. As he told me this story, I could hardly believe it. within the space of a day, his mother, his father and his aunt had been murdered. It all seemed too far-fetched.+

But before I could utter a word, my friend and I both recoiled in horror as we heard a knocking begin at my front door.+

We've been staring at the door for an hour now, neither of us wanting to open it. The knocking is still going on, growing louder and louder. She never gives up. She never quits. La Muerte Blanca is unstoppable. I think she wants to scare us, my friend and I. I think she wants us to blame each other. And I do - I blame my friend. It's all his fault. He should have never told about her.+

As I sit here in my house, beside my friend, both of us listening to that hideous knocking growing ever louder, I wish a lot of things. I wish she had killed my friend before he reached my house. If he had never been able to tell me about her, I wouldn't be in danger now. I'm sorry I ever met him.+

And I'm sorry for you too. I'm sorry I made you read this story. I'm sorry I ever told you about the White Death. Because now that you know about her, she'll be coming for you next.51

Origin: Japan1

Sugisawa Village is a Japanese urban legend about a village that was supposedly erased from the map after a terrible massacre occurred there.+

Many people in Jpan have tried to track down the village, but as yet, nobody has been able to find it.+

According to the legend, there was once a small village called Sugisawa Village in the mountains of Aomori prefecture in Japan. Many years ago, a man who lived in the village, suddenly went mad and killed all the other villagers with an ax before he committed suicide. +

After the massacre, Sugisawa Village was abandoned, and it was erased from all official maps of the area. They say that the ruins of the village are haunted by evil spirits, and anyone who visits the area will never come back.+

There is supposedly a sign on the road leading to the village that reads: "There is no guarantee that those who enter here will remain alive."+

There is an old torii gate at the entrance of the village, and at the base of it, there is a stone that looks like a skull.+

It has even been said that people who wander close to the site of Sugisawa Village will hear the distant sound of talking and laughing as if there is a festival going on. The talking and laughter will slowly change into screams of terror. If you keep listening, after a while the screaming stops, and it returns to talking and laughter.+

The ruined houses in the village are covered in bloodstains that tell the story of the tragic incident that occurred there.+

The legend of Sugisawa Village has become very popular in Japan and many fans of the occult have tried to find the area as a test of courage.+

However, nobody has ever been able to track down the exact location of the village.+

This urban legend is probably based on a real incident that actually happened in Japan in 1938 called "The Tsuyama Massacre". +

There was a young man named Mutsuo Toi who lived in a village called Kamo. One night, he went crazy and murdered many of his fellow villagers. He killed his grandmother and chopped her head off with an ax. Then, he cut the electricity lines, plunging the whole village into darkness. Under cover of the night, he went through the village, sneaking into people's homes and killing them with a shotgun, an ax, and a katana sword. He killed 30 people in total, which was almost half of the population of the village. In the end, he turned the shotgun on himself and committed suicide. It was one of the worst massacres in modern history.+

The Candyman is an urban legend that tells the story of a murdered slave who returns from the dead in search of revenge if you say his name five times. A horror movie was made in 1992 about the legend, followed by two sequels starring Tony Todd as the Candyman. +

According to the legend, if you look into a mirror and chant "Candyman" five times, he will appear behind you and kill you with his hook. For you see, the Candyman is a vicious killer with a bloody hook for a hand. He appears from the mirror, covered in blood and bees, and he has nothing but murder on his mind.3

They say that many years ago, the Candyman was a real man. Back in the days of slavery, Candyman was a black slave named Daniel Robitaille, who worked on a plantation in New Orleans. He was a talented painter and was chosen by the plantation owner to paint a portrait of his daughter.+

 But Daniel fell in love with the daughter of the white plantation owner. When the racist plantation owner discovered that his daughter and the slave were in love, he raised an angry mob and chased Daniel out of the town.1

Armed with pitchforks and a pack of dogs, they chased the poor slave across fields and streams. Finally, they caught up with the exhausted slave near an old barn. The evil men seized Daniel and cut off his right hand with a rusty saw. Then they covered him in honey and threw him into a beehive.3

The unfortunate Candyman was in terrible pain and died from his injuries, but not before he cursed the men who killed him and vowed to return and exact his revenge. They say his spirit would never rest, and now his ghost walks the world for all eternity, appearing when his name is called five times.+

So remember, you can say "Candyman" once, twice, three times, or four. But never say it five times, or you'll be sorry!14

Spring-Heeled Jack is a scary urban legend about a mysterious creature who terrorized London in the 1830s.2

Rumors about a monster named Spring-Heeled Jack began to circulate in London towards the end of 1837. +

Young women were being attacked by a hideous and repulsive creature who sprang out of the shadows and breathed flames from his mouth. He would assault them and scratch them with his sharp claws before disappearing into the night.+

Some witnesses claimed that he had wings like a bat and horns on his head like the devil. They said he had terrible, protruding eyes and a ghoulish laugh. People gathered together and formed vigilante groups, patrolling the streets at night in an effort to catch him.+

The police did not take these reports very seriously until Spring-Heeled Jack began attacking in London.+

One night in February 1838, a young woman named Jane Alsop was spending a quiet evening at home with her family when she heard someone knocking violently on the front door. When she opened the door, Jane saw a tall man standing in the shadows near the front gate. It was a foggy night and she couldn't make out his face.+

"I'm a police officer," he said. "For God's sake, bring me a light, for we have caught Spring-Heeled Jack in the lane!"1

Jane ran to fetch a candle but when she gave it to the man at the gate, he held it up to his face and she realized the terrible mistake she had made. In the dim light, she saw the hideous features of Spring-Heeled Jack himself.+

As Jane screamed, the creature vomited forth a huge amount of flame from his mouth. Then, he grabbed her and tore at her clothes with his sharp claws. She tried to get away, but the man caught her and continued his attack.+

Jane's family heard her screams and they ran out into the street to help, but Spring-Heeled Jack hurried away and disappeared into the night before anyone else could get a good look at him.+

Jane described her inhuman attacker to the police, saying that he wore a tight oilskin suit and a kind of close-fitting helmet on his head.+

A few nights later, an 18-year old girl named Lucy Scales was walking home with her sister. As they passed a dark alley, a tall cloaked figure suddenly jumped out of the shadows and attacked Lucy. He spat blue flames into her face, blinding her. As she lay writhing on the ground, Spring-Heeled Jack calmly turned around and melted back into the shadows.+

When the news of the attacks got out, panic spread over the city of London.+

In October 1837, a girl by the name of Mary Stevens was walking home after visiting her parents. On her way through Clapham Common, a strange figure leaped out at her from a dark alley. He held her in a tight grip, completely immobilizing her, and began to kiss her face. Then, he started ripping at her clothes and scratching her with his claws. She said his hands on her flesh felt as "cold and clammy as those of a corpse". In a panic, Mary screamed, and her attacker quickly fled the scene. In the commotion, several residents launched a search for the mysterious Spring-Heeled Jack, but he could not be found.1

As these stories multiplied, people demanded that the police protect them. The most terrifying thing about the whole mystery was that no one knew for sure when he would strike.+

As time went on, the reports of Spring-Heeled Jack's appearances became less and less and he evolved into a figure of folklore. Authors would write stories about his exploits and the public read them with excitement.2

Origin: China+

There was a male student who often studied in the University Library. He would stay there studying in the evenings until it closed. Then he would walk back to his dorm room. Every night, on the way back to the dormitories, he passed a small park and he always saw a young girl sitting on a swing. Finally, one night he decided to go up to her and started talking with her. From that time on, he would always talk to her for a while before going back to his dorm.+

Later when he told his friends about the girl, they asked him to describe her. They told him that the young girl he described looked almost exactly the same as a teacher's daughter who had died in a traffic accident. They said the teacher's daughter had lost her little finger. The student was very curious and wanted to know whether the girl was missing her little finger. So, the next night, when he spoke to the girl he asked if he could see her hands. The girl thrust out her hand and when the boy saw that her little finger was missing, he ran away in terror.+

Later, he always went by the park in the evenings, but the swing was always empty and he never saw the girl again.1

Origin: Malaysia+

The Penanggalan is a ghost or demon from Malaysian folklore. It is a female vampire that appears as a detached head, flying around on its own with the internal organs trailing behind it. 1

During the day, the Penanggalan looks just like any other beautiful young woman. However, at night, her head detaches from her body and flies through the air, with a full set of organs and intestines trailing behind it. They say its entrails glow with an unearthly light as it glides through the night sky.4

The Penanggalan is a vampiric creature with long tangled hair and penetrating red eyes. It craves fresh blood and flies around at night, looking for victims. The Penanggalan preys on the village people while they sleep, attempting to suck their blood. She especially likes the blood of newborn babies or pregnant women. The Penanggalan will devour newborn infants whole if she is able to get into their bedrooms.+

If she can't get through the window, she will try to use her long, sharp, invisible tongue. It snakes out and oozes up through the floorboards, sticking into the victim and sucking their blood. Her internal organs can also snake out like tentacles to grab victims or remove obstacles from her path.+

While her head is detached and flying around, the Penanggalan's body is very vulnerable. It begins to decompose very quickly, so she has to soak it in vinegar to keep it fresh. At dawn, she will return to her home and immerse her entrails in vinegar. This is to make them shrink, so they will fit back into her body and she can pretend to be a human again.+

If a woman is a Penanggalan in disguise, you can always tell because she will stink of vinegar. The Penanggalan will often try to work as the midwife because this job gives her access to newborn babies. Another way to identify a Penanggalan is that she avoids eye contact and licks her lips when she is delivering a baby.+

You can protect yourself from the Penanggalan by lining your window sills with thorny leaves or branches. Her entrails will become snagged on the thorns when she tries to come in and you can hack her to death with a machete. To prevent her from coming up through the floorboards, some people scatter prickly pineapples under their houses. She is also deathly afraid of sharp items, so pregnant women often sleep with knives or scissors under their pillows.+

If you come across the Penanggalan's unprotected body, you can kill her by pouring broken glass into her neck hole. When the head comes back and gets into the body, it will be cut to ribbons. Another way to put an end to her reign of terror is to turn her headless body around. When her head comes back, it will reattach to the body the wrong way around, thus revealing her true identity to everyone.+

+

Penanggalan Stories:+

According to Malaysian folklore, the Penanggalan was once a woman who obtained her beauty through black magic rituals. She made a pact with a demon in order to gain supernatural powers. However, she fell foul of the demonic force when she broke the pact and was cursed to spend the rest of her life as a blood-sucking disembodied head.+

In another story, the Penanggalan was originally an ugly young woman. They say she had a face that only a mother could love. Men avoided her and refused to have anything with her. She grew bitter and angry, developing a jealous hatred of married women. They became the focus of her rage. She went on the rampage and viciously murdered many innocent pregnant women. The people of her village soon tracked her down and brought her to justice.+

In those days, the village people had their own ways of dishing out punishment. They hung her by the neck from a tall tree and tied her legs to a raging bull. When they let the bull go, her neck was snapped away from her body, leaving her head and internal organs dangling from the tree. The villagers cheered happily at the gruesome sight. Little did they know that they had unleashed a deadly demon. That night, the head went missing and the village was tormented by the Penanggalan for the next seven deadly nights.+

The Choking Dog is a scary urban legend about a woman who owns a Doberman Pinscher. This story is also known as The Choking Doberman.1

There was a woman that lived in a small house in the suburbs of a big city. She wasn't married and lived alone, with only her big dog to keep her company. The dog was a Doberman.+

One evening, the woman came home from work and found her dog choking on something. It was lying on the living room floor and gasping for air. The woman dropped her purse and tried o clear her dog's throat, but she had no luck. Concerned about the animal's welfare, she immediately loaded her pet into the car and drove him to the nearest vet's office.+

The vet examined the Doberman right away and said he would probably have to operate in order to remove the obstruction in the dog's windpipe. He told the woman to go home and he'd call her later to let her know how things went. Meanwhile, the dog was still gasping for air and growing weaker by the minute.+

The flustered woman went straight home. As she was closing the front door behind her, she got a call on her mobile phone. It was the vet and something seemed to be seriously wrong.+

"Listen carefully," he said in an urgent tone, "You need to get out of the house right now. Go to your neighbor's place and wait for the police to arrive. I've already called them. Go now!"+

Shocked and frightened, the woman wasted no time and ran straight out the front door.+

A few minutes later, a police car arrived with its siren blaring. The policemen got out and explained that they had to search the house. They entered through the front door, with their guns drawn. The woman was speechless. She had no idea what was happening.+

She called the vet and asked him what was going on.+

"I managed to clear the obstruction in your dog's throat," he said. "When I found out what he was choking on, I called the police. Your dog was choking on three human fingers."+

After the police searched the place, they found a masked man in the woman's bedroom closet. He was armed with a knife and cowering in pain, clutching his right hand.+

The dog had bitten off three of his fingers.14

The New Pet is a famous urban legend about a woman who goes to Mexico and brings back a stray dog.+

There was once a woman who went to Mexico on vacation. She got bored with hanging around the resort hotel and decided to explore the town. After doing a little shopping and buying a few souvenirs, she happened to see a little dog trotting down a dusty alley between two buildings.+

She was immediately smitten with the cute little animal and followed it. When she caught up to the dog, she picked it up and it started licking her face. The dog didn't have any collar or tag, so she assumed it was a stray. The animal was so adorable that she decided to adopt it.+

It's illegal to transport animals back from Mexico to the United States, so on the journey back home, she hid the little dog under her sweater and pretended that she was pregnant. The guards at the border crossing never suspected a thing.2

Back in the United States, she brought her new pet back to her apartment and gave it a bath. Then she set out a bowl of food for the little dog to eat. She laid out a blanket in the kitchen for the creature to sleep on and then went out to a restaurant to have dinner.+

When she came home a few hours later and walked into the kitchen, she found her new pet chewing a hole through the wall. There was an oozing mucus coming around the animal's eyes and it was foaming from the mouth. Afraid that her new pet might be sick, she wrapped it up in a blanket and let it sleep in her bedroom.1

The next morning, the woman woke up to find the creature gnawing on her ear. She screamed and pushed it away. The woman realized that her new pet was seriously ill and took it to the vet. She sat impatiently in his office, waiting for him to see her.+

As soon as the vet came out, the woman rushed over, carrying her pet in her arms.+

"There is something wrong with my dog," she said.+

He took one look at it and asked, "What did you say this was?" +

"I'm not sure what breed it is," she replied. "I think it's some kind of rare Mexican breed."+

The vet shook his head. "This is no dog," he said. "This is a sewer rat." +

The woman was horrified. "A sewer rat?" she cried.+

"Yes," said the vet. "But the bad news is, it has rabies."20

+

Origin: Canada3

Amusement Park is a scary urban legend about an abandoned theme park in Canada, called Pennyland, that is said to be haunted by the ghost of a serial killer and his victims.2

According to the legend, Pennyland was once of Canada's most popular amusement parks. During the 25 years, it was open, over 200,000 people walked through its gates to enjoy its rides and amusements. However, there was a terrible accident on the ferris wheel and several people were killed. Pennyland was forced to shut down and most of the rides were abandoned and left to fall into disrepair.+

Years later, police were called when a dead body was found on the grounds of the old amusement park. A vagrant had collapsed and died of a drug overdose in the toilets. Following the procedure, the police made a routine search of the grounds. What they found horrified them.+

In the building that housed the old ferris wheel, they discovered two rotting corpses. It was the remains of two young girls. The policemen who came across the bodies were severely traumatized and left the force soon afterward.2

One night, a teenage boy was passing by the abandoned amusement park when he noticed that some of the lights were on. Curious, he decided to investigate. As he drew closer to one of the buildings, a girl suddenly appeared at the window. There were cuts all over her face and she was covered in blood.1

The teenager was about to go inside to help her when a strange man emerged from the doorway. He was carrying a bloody knife. Frightened, the boy began backing away. The crazed man rushed towards him. Suddenly, all the lights were out and the building was plunged into darkness. 1

Scrambling around, looking for something to use to defend himself, the boy picked up a metal pipe. Gripping it tightly, he swung around, ready to fight for his life. Just then, the lights came back on and he was shocked to discover that the man and the girl were gone. All that was left was a bloody handprint on the window.1

Origin: Mexico+

El Cucuy is a scary Mexican urban legend about a creature that kidnaps children who don't behave.7

According to Mexican folklore, El Cucuy is a small hideous, hairy creature with glowing red eyes. He has big ears like a bat and a mouth full of razor-sharp teeth like a barracuda.4

The legend has been passed down over the years by word of mouth, from mother to child. Mexican parents often warn their children, "Behave yourself or El Cucuy will come and take you away."+

When night falls, El Cucuy comes. He hides in your closet or under your bed. He can take the shape of any dark shadow. He watches you silently and waits for his moment to pounce. Then, he will take you away to his lair, deep in the mountains, and devour you.+

"I grew up in a small town in Mexico. My mother used to tell me ghost stories when I was a child, but none of them scared me as much as El Cucuy. One day, I was angry, and I cursed at my mother. She got very quiet, and she looked at me with fury burning in her eyes. Slowly and calmly, she said, "El Cucuy te va a raspar los pies en la noche," which means, "El Cucuy is going to scratch your feet tonight."+

Something about the way she said it really scared me. That night, I went to bed and it took me nearly two hours to fall asleep. The next morning when I woke up, I got out of bed and noticed that my feet were sore. I looked down and saw that both my feet had long red scratches on them. It truly terrified me because I didn't know if El Cucuy was real or if my mother was so crazy that she scratched up my feet while I was asleep to teach me a lesson."+

Origin: Japan5

Harionago or "The Long Haired Woman" is a Japanese urban legend about a ghost who attacks men with her hair. She is also known as Harionna (The Hook Woman, The Needle Woman). In other parts of Japan, people refer to her as Nure-onago (The Smiling Woman) or Warai-onago (The Smiling Girl).13

Harionago is a Japanese ghost who appears in the form of a beautiful woman with extremely long hair. She has the ability to control her hair and it snakes out like writhing tentacles. The tips of her long hair form into sharp hooks and barbs.6

At night, she stalks the lonely roads and backstreets of Japan, searching for young men to attack.  When she spots a young man that takes her fancy, she will smile at him. If the young man dares to return her smile, Harionago will unleash her terrible barbed hair and attack him.1

The sharp hooks at the end of her hair, stick into the man's clothes and flesh, trapping him in her clutches. Once she has him ensnared with her long hair, he cannot move and she uses the hooks to cut him to pieces or tear him apart.+

In many small villages in Japan, there have been numerous reports of attacks on young men by Harionago. One night, a boy from Yamada village happened to be walking home on his own. As he turned down a narrow street, a beautiful girl came walking towards him.+

As she approached, he noticed that she was smiling at him. He thought there was something strange about her, but he was attracted by her beautiful looks and smiled back at her. When he did, her hair fell down in disarray and she pounced on him.+

The boy was shocked and struggled to free himself from her clutches. Her hair rose up like tentacles and the hook snagged on his shirt, ripping it from his back. Somehow, he managed to get away and ran back to his house as fast as he could. He locked the door behind him and stood, shaking and trembling, at the front door, waiting for dawn to arrive.+

In the morning, when he dared to open the door, he found hundreds of deep scratches on the other side.+

So, if you're walking down a street at night and you see a strange woman smiling at you from the shadows, you may want to think twice before you smile back at her.2

Origin: Pakistan4

40 Dead Children is a scary urban legend from Pakistan about the tallest peak in the Chiltan range of Balochistan that is rumored to be haunted by the ghosts of 40 children.+

According to the urban legend, there was a poor couple who couldn't have children, so they sought the help of many clerics and healers. One such cleric's son said he would be able to help them even though many couldn't. He spent many nights praying and the couple was not only blessed with one but 40 children.+

Yet, due to poverty, the couple was unable to take care of 40 children, so the husband decided to leave them on the mountain top to fend for themselves. +

People have claimed that if you go to this peak at night, you can hear children crying out in sadness and begging you to climb up the mountain and rescue them. +

+

The Mall is a scary urban legend about a madman who lurks under cars in the parking lot of busy shopping malls and slashes women's ankles. It is also known as "The Man Under the Car", "The Slasher Under the Car", "The Mall Slasher", and "The Ankle Slasher".9

One evening, a woman was leaving a busy shopping center. Her car was parked in a dark area of the parking lot. Carrying bags full of groceries, she walked to her car and fumbled for her keys. Suddenly, she felt a searing pain in her ankle, and she fell to the ground, writhing in agony.1

Just then, a man crawled out from under her car. He was clutching a bloody knife in his hand. He had cut her Achilles tendon and she lay helpless on the ground, unable to walk.+

He stole her purse, her keys, and her car and then drove off, leaving the poor woman screaming in pain.+

In the late 1970s, this scary urban legend began to spread around America. Fears about the "Mall Slasher" were so acute that the police department had to set up a helpline. In the first week, they received hundreds of calls. Rumors began to spread that criminal gangs were attacking women by cutting their ankles to render them helpless and then cutting off one of their limbs. They said that in order to join the gang, the criminal had to show the leader a severed limb they had taken from a victim.+

However, The Slasher Under the Car is just an urban myth. Police have never come across a case like this and criminal gangs don't do this kind of thing. You don't have to worry about criminals lurking under your car, but you do need to be careful in mall parking lots because there have been a few cases where women were abducted while they were getting into their cars.3

Also, there was a case in 2011, when a man in Virginia was arrested and sentenced to seven years in prison. They called him "The Butt Slasher". He would sneak up behind teenage girls or young women at busy malls and shopping centers and slash their butts with a knife, before disappearing into the crowd. None of the attacks caused serious injuries, but some victims required medical attention and were left with permanent scars.18

The Never-Ending Road is a creepy urban legend about a mysterious road in either Corona, California in the United States or in Alberta, Canada. 6

This legend is also known as "The Lost Wreck" or "The Fatal Wreck".+

Years ago, there was a road that was known by locals as "The Never-Ending Road". Some say it was Lester Road in Corona, California and, others maintain it was Miette Hot Springs Road in Alberta, Canada. It was a long, winding road, unlit and bordered by a thick forest, that led through the mountains.+

According to the legend, many people who drove down the road at night were never seen or heard from again. The legend of the Never-Ending Road became so well-known that a lot of folks were even afraid to drive on it during the daylight hours. Some drivers would even lose their nerve and turn back, terrified that if they continued along the road, they would never return.+

The road took a sharp turn at one point and curved around a large canyon. There were no guard rails on the turn and on the other side of the canyon, the road continued.+

One Summer, a work crew was widening the road when they made a gruesome discovery. One of the workmen pushed a rock over the side of the canyon and heard it hit something metal. When they climbed down to look, the workmen found dozens of crashed cars at the bottom. They had fallen to their doom and the decomposing bodies and skeletal remains of the victims were still strapped into their seats.+

It was discovered that the roads on either side of the canyon lined up so well that, when viewed from the correct angle, especially at night, it created an optical illusion. The canyon was almost invisible and the road seemed to continue on up and over the hill on the other side of the canyon. People who drove down the road at night had no idea that there was a huge drop in front of them until it was too late and they careened off the cliff and plummeted to their deaths.+

They say that local law enforcement hushed up the discovery, wanting to avoid a scandal and the road was quietly closed down, never to be reopened. The corpses of the dead were never able to be recovered and they still lie there to this day, in their twisted metal graves.+

Origin: Mexico8

The Lechuza is a scary Mexican urban legend or myth about an old woman who can turn into a giant black bird.+

According to Mexican folklore, a Lechuza is an old witch (Bruja) who can turn herself into a monstrous black bird. They will prey on people who they think have done them wrong or they will steal children to use in their occult rituals. Some say that the Lechuza has sold her soul to the devil in order to gain her powers.5

Usually, the Lechuza will appear as a large bird, the size of a human being. It can also appear as a creature with the body of a bird but the head of a hideous old woman.+

They usually only come out at dusk or after nightfall. Many people in Mexico have spotted Lechuzas flying high over the tops of houses or have seen them outlined against the moon at night.+

If the Lechuza fixates on you, it will sit outside your door at night, making crying sounds like a baby. If you go outside to investigate, it will swoop down on you and carry you away.1

If you find unexplained scratches on your door or windowsill, it could mean a Lechuza has visited your house during the night.+

"When I was a child, my family lived in a little town near the mountains in Mexico. I remember my mom telling me about an old lady that lived nearby. She was 60 or 70 years old, and my mom said she was suspected of being a witch and could turn into a "Lechuza". +

Apparently, the old woman had done some witchcraft (brujeria) on my grandma. My grandmother's hair and eyebrows were gone. Some people in the town wanted to hurt the "Lechuza" to see if it was really this old lady. One night, when they saw the giant black bird, they took out their guns and started shooting at it. One of them shot it in the leg. They waited and waited but for days the old lady never left her house. When she eventually came out, she couldn't walk and she was hobbling around a cane..."+

"My family is from Chihuahua, Mexico. My older sister claimed she saw a Lechuza a few years ago when she went back to visit. They were swimming at a local pond and they saw an enormous black bird watching them from afar. They started getting freaked out and decided to go home. The Lechuza followed them all the way home while they were driving snd stayed outside their house until dawn. My uncles claimed they shot a Lechuza and the next morning, they found an old lady lying there dead from gunshot wounds... so... either Lechuzas are real... or... my uncles are murderers!"2

The Crying Baby is an urban myth that has been circulating by e-mail since 2003. It told the story of a woman who was home alone one night and heard the sound of a baby crying outside her front door.1

A few years ago, an e-mail did the rounds warning people about a cunning serial killer who used a terrifying trick to lure his victims out of the safety of their homes and into his clutches.+

One night, a middle-aged woman was sitting at home, reading the newspaper. Her husband worked nights which meant that she was often alone in the house.+

It was getting late and she was about to go to bed when she heard a strange noise outside. It sounded like a crying baby and seemed to be coming from the bushes outside her front door. She thought it was very weird, but was tempted to go out and investigate. Just then, her dog jumped to its feet and began barking and growling at the door. The woman got a strange and uneasy feeling. She stopped in her tracks and decided to call the police instead.+

When she told them she had heard the sound of a crying baby, the police said, "We'll be right over. Whatever you do, DO NOT open your door."+

The lady hung up the phone and, minutes later, she heard the sound of sirens as two police cars pulled into her driveway. One policeman banged on her door, while the others searched the bushes outside her house.+

The woman opened her front door and let the policeman in. He was holding a doll in his arms, and she noticed that it had a tape recorder in its belly. The policeman pressed Play on the tape recorder, and they both heard the sound of a baby crying.+

He explained that there was a serial killer on the loose who was targeting women that were alone at night. He was using a cunning trick to fool women into opening their front doors and coming outside. He would hide in the bushes and play a tape of a baby crying.+

The recording of the baby's cries would make the women think there was a child in need of help, and they would come out of their homes. While they were looking for the source of the cries. the killer would emerge from the bushes and murder them.1

He said that in the past few days, they had received several calls from women saying that they heard a crying baby outside their homes when they were alone at night. The serial killer had already murdered two women in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, and if it hadn't been for her dog warning her of the danger, she might have become his next victim.+

While the police never actually came across a real-life case like this, the e-mail was inspired by an episode of America's Most Wanted that theorized that a serial killer in Louisiana may have been using the crying baby lure to fool one of his victims. Years later, an episode of Criminal Minds also mentioned a serial killer using the crying baby lure.6

Origin: China+

Bus 375 is a scary Chinese urban legend about a bus in Beijing that disappeared one cold November night, and it is supposed to be based on a true story. This is also known as The Midnight Bus or The Bus to Fragrant Hills.2

This story happened on November 14, 1995, in Beijing, China. At midnight, Bus 375 pulled out of the Yuan-ming-yuan bus terminus. This was the last bus of the night, and its destination was Xiang-shan (Fragrant Hills).1

On board were the driver and a female conductor. The night was bitterly cold, and a harsh wind was blowing. It stopped at the South Gate next to the Summer Palace, and when the doors opened, four passengers got on. An old lady, a young couple, and a young man.+

The young couple sat up at the front, behind the driver, while the old lady and the boy sat on the other side of the bus, beside the doors. As the bus drove through the night, all they could hear was the drone of the engine. It was a quiet, remote area, and there were no other vehicles on the road.+

After a while, the driver spotted two shadows by the side of the road, waving at the bus. The driver stopped, and when the doors opened, three people got on. There were two men who were supporting a third man between them, holding him up by his shoulders. The man in the middle looked disheveled and his head was bowed, so nobody could see his face. 1

All three were dressed in traditional Chinese robes from the Qing Dynasty and their faces were deathly pale.+

The other passengers on the bus were scared and glanced nervously at each other as the driver pulled off and continued down the road. The female conductor tried to calm everyone down by saying, "Don't be afraid. They could be just actors shooting a costume drama in the vicinity. Maybe they got drunk after work and forgot to change clothes."+

The old woman kept turning around and staring at the three strangers who were seated at the back of the bus. There was an eerie silence. None of the passengers said a word. All they could hear was the wind whistling outside.+

After 3 or 4 stops, the young couple got off the bus. The driver and the female conductor were chatting and laughing. The old lady suddenly jumped to her feet and hit the young man sitting in front of her. She was shouting and making a big fuss, telling everyone that he had stolen her purse.+

The young man stood up and started arguing with her, but the old woman grabbed him by the collar and demanded that the driver let them off at the next stop, so she could bring him to the police station. The young man was speechless.+

When the bus stopped, the old lady dragged the young man out. They watched as the bus drove off into the night and the old lady breathed a sigh of relief.+

"Where's the police station?" Asked the young man.+

"There is no police station," the old lady replied. "I just saved your life!" +

"What? How did you save my life?" The young man asked, puzzled.+

"Those three people were ghosts!" The old lady replied. "Ever since they got on the bus, I had my doubts about them, so I kept looking back at them. It so happened that there was a wind blowing through the window and I saw everything. It lifted their long robes and I saw that they had no legs!"+

The young man stared at the old lady in surprise. He started to sweat. He couldn't say a word.+

The old lady called the police and told them what she had seen.+

The next day, Bus 375 failed to report to the station. It had vanished along with the driver and the female conductor. The police searched the entire city, but couldn't find a trace of it.+

They questioned the old lady and the young man, but they dismissed their story and decided that they were mentally ill.+

That night, The Beijing Evening News and The Beijing News reported on the story. The old woman and the young man were both interviewed live on TV.+

Two days later, the police eventually found the missing bus. It was submerged in the Miyun Reservoir, about 100KM from Fragrant Hills. +

Inside the bus, they discovered three badly decomposed bodies: The bus driver, the female conductor, and an unidentified man.+

There were a number of other mysteries surrounding this case:+

1. The bs did not have enough gas to drive all the way to the Miyun Reservoir, and when the police opened the petrol tank, they found it was filled with blood.+

2. Even though the bodies were found only two days after they disappeared, they were very badly decomposed. Even if it was summer, the process of decomposition could not be this quick. An autopsy confirmed that there had been no intentional meddling with the bodies. How could they decompose so quickly?+

3. The police did a strict inspection of all the security camera tapes on each entrance leading to the Miyun Reservoir, but the bus wasn't seen in any of them. In fact, they found nothing out of the ordinary whatsoever. How could the bus get there without being seen?+

To this day, it remains an unsolved mystery.1

Charlie Noonan is an urban myth about the mysterious disappearance of a man. This tale is not a true story but the image is interesting and grabs your attention.+

Charlie Noonan was an amateur folklorist who traveled throughout the South ad Southwestern United States during the early years of the 20th century, collecting tall tales and stories of the supernatural. According to his wife, Ellie, Charlie was told a story one day by an Oklahoma farmer about a strange woman who lived alone on an isolated property in the panhandle.3

The farmer claimed the woman was not a woman at all, but something else, something that hid its true nature beneath a headscarf and was never seen without a large dog by its side.+

Noonan was apparently intrigued enough to try searching the woman during one of his research road trips. 1

He was never seen again.+

Ellie Noonan was later contacted by a Tulsa pawnbroker who remembered reading about her husband's disappearance in the papers, after finding his name engraved on a camera sold to him by an itinerant. The pawnbroker returned the camera, and Mrs. Noonan had the film inside developed in the hopes of finding a clue as to his whereabouts. This was the only photo on the roll. +

Unfortunately, neither the location of the property nor the name of the farmer who told him the story was recorded in Noonan's notes.+

However, further research reveals that this is just an urban myth. There is no folklorist named Charlie Noonan, and there is no record of any of these strange events. This is just an intriguing story made up by someone on the internet, inspired by the picture above.+

Origin: Malaysia+

The Orang Minyak (or Oily Man) is a supernatural creature from Malaysian folklore who attacks young, unmarried girls at night as they sleep in their beds. Due to a deal made with the devil, his skin is black and covered in shiny black oil.11

The Oily Man is a human being who has studied black magic and made a deal with the devil. At night, he sneaks into the bedrooms of young girls and attacks them while they sleep in their beds. The Oily Man has a bald head, and his eyes are red. He is completely naked, and his entire body is covered in shiny black oil.1

According to the legend, The Orang Minyak was originally a deformed man who lived in a small Malaysian village, Kampung. +

The man's face was disfigured, and he was a hunchback. Because of his physical deformities, everyone in Kampung made fun of him and bullied him mercilessly. The men beat him and spat on him, and the women refused to have anything to do with him.+

The disfigured man fell in love with a woman who lived in the village, but he believed she would never love him back. Driven by anger and frustration, he began studying black magic and occult rituals. He made a deal with the devil to restore himself to a handsome appearance. However, there was a price to pay. He was cursed to transform into an Orang Minyak after night falls and forced to victimize young, unmarried girls as a sacrifice to satan.+

Under cover of darkness, the Oily Man sneaks into a girl's room and stands over her bed, watching her sleep. The girl suddenly wakes up, only to see a dark form staring at her with penetrating eyes. She feels paralyzed, unable to struggle or cry out. He attacks her, and she isn't sure if she is dreaming or if it is really happening.+

Afterward, the Oily Man leaves a black cross on her forehead and escapes into the night. When she wakes up in the morning, she finds black oil stains all over her bedsheets.+

They say that Orang Minyak is almost impossible to catch. The black oil makes him difficult to see in the dark and also makes him very slippery, which helps to evade capture. He is also very strong and agile and can climb walls and jump from one roof to another with ease. Using black magic, he can walk through walls and vanish into thin air. Some say he is even able to become invisible, squeeze through narrow spaces, and bypass locked doors.+

Some girls try to protect themselves from the Oily Man by borrowing sweaty clothes from boys. They will wear the clothes at night while they sleep, hoping to trick the Orang Minyak into thinking they are male, so he will leave them alone.+

Another way to protect yourself from the Oily man is to sprinkle banana heart petals and bera taro leaves around your bedroom. This will trap the Orang Minyak, and you can throw a piece of batik cloth over him to weaken him and sap his powers. Then, if you bite his thumbs, the Orang Minyak will die.3

You can also kill him by sticking him with a branch of a Petai plant. Orang Minyak is afraid of the rain because water will make him visible to others, and it is believed that he is also afraid of mirrors.+

Whenever there is a sighting of an Orang Minyak in Kampung, the local people arm themselves with wooden sticks, machetes, and axes and patrol the area to protect their girls. Others stay indoors, sleep with all of the lights on and pray every night for protection from evil spirits.+

The tale of The Lincolns is a scary story of mutants, horrors, curses, murder, and mysterious deaths. It sounds like an unbelievable story, but it is supposed to have actually happened over 100 years ago, in West Virginia, USA. Is this a true story or an urban legend? Nobody knows for sure.+

In the 1890s, a family of odd-looking people moved into a small midwestern town in West Virginia. They called themselves The Lincolns. The entire family - father, mother, daughter, and two sons - were squat and ugly with pallid, greenish skin, bulging eyes, and wide, bulbous heads. Everyone who saw them thought they looked almost toad-like.1

They were sullen and unfriendly, refusing to make friends with the townsfolk and keeping mostly to themselves. During the day, they stayed indoors, but at night, they would prowl around the town, lurking in the shadows and scaring the townsfolk.+

Around 1900, one of the Lincoln sons attacked the daughter of a prominent local family and ended up killing the poor young girl. The townsfolk were so enraged, and they didn't wait for a trial. They decided to take the law into their own hands. And angry mob dragged the boy out to a lonely field and hung him by the neck from the high branches of a tree until he was dead.+

At the girl's funeral, the Lincoln family turned up seething with rage. The father put a curse on the town and threw a worm at the dead girl's parents, crying "Here is your doom!"+

A little while later the dead girl's father and mother were found dead under mysterious circumstances. Their bodies had been crushed to a pulp, and they were covered with slime. Nobody could understand what had happened to them, but everyone suspected the Lincolns had something to do with it.+

After that, some people claimed they saw the dead Lincoln boy around town. At night, there were many sightings of his ghostly apparition wandering the empty streets. Many people who saw him later went insane. There were rumors that the Lincoln boy wasn't really dead at all.+

A group of townsfolk went to the cemetery one night and were shocked to discover a trail of footprints leaving the Lincoln boy's grave. When they dug it up and opened his coffin, they found that the boy's corpse was gone.+

The next day, the other members of the Lincoln family picked up and moved out of town. Nobody knew where they went.+

For the next few years, however, the area suffered a succession of severe droughts, floods, and tornadoes, almost as if the town had been cursed by the Lincolns.1

Origin: Indonesia +

The Kuntilanak is a female ghost from Indonesian folklore. She is usually described as a woman with pale skin and long, black hair covering her face, dressed in a long white gown. They say that instead of eyes, she had vacant black holes in her eyes. The Kuntilanak also has a hole in the back of the neck.+

The Kuntilanak is the ghost of a pregnant woman who died before her child was born. According to the legend, she stalks women, especially pregnant women, and tries to steal their babies. She makes sounds like a baby crying. If the crying is near, it means she is far away. If the cry is far away, it means she is near. She usually lurks in tall trees, old buildings, and by the edge of a river or lake. Some Indonesian people believe that the sight of a Kuntilanak can drive you insane.+

According to one story, a young Indonesian woman was returning to her college campus late at night. It was dark, and there were only a few cars on the street, the min-bus suddenly stopped. The girl looked out of the window, thinking that another passenger must be getting on. She looked in the front seat and saw that the driver was gone. He had run away. Outside the door of the mini-bus, stood a woman in a white dress with an extremely pale face, and long, black hair. The woman was staring directly at her.+

She was trapped inside the mini-bus and could not escape. The next morning, people found her still inside the mini-bus, cowering on the floor with a terrified look on her face. She was sent to a psychiatric ward and never recovered from the experience.+

They say that the Kuntilanak is afraid of sharp objects and will not attack a woman if she is carrying either a nail, a knife, or scissors in her handbag. She can be killed by driving a nail into the hole in the back of her neck.9

The Buckley Family story is an urban myth about an old photo of two children who murdered their mother one Halloween. It is not a true story, and the picture is not real.1

This is the Buckley family. The children's names were Susan and John. As a Halloween joke, the kids in the neighborhood were going to get a dummy and pretend to chop its head off. The Buckley children thought it would be hilarious to actually kill their mother, so when the kids walked up the door, they got an ax and slaughtered her. Once everyone figured out what they had done, they called the police, but the kids were long gone by then.+

The only picture of them was this photo, taken by a trick or treater. The mother's body was found half-eaten.+

The photograph above has been posted on various sites on the internet with the accompanying text, but it is not true.+

Here is the real story:+

This image was actually called "Midwestern Matricide", and it is the work of Eddie Allen from Haunted Memories. He retouches old photos and gives them a horrifying twist. In this case, he took a normal photo of two children and their mother and made it look like they had murdered her. If you look at the original photograph below, you will see that the mother's head is still on her shoulders, and the daughter isn't holding an ax.+

+


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                            1

Origin: Japan+

Betobeto-san is a popular Japanese ghost who makes the sound of footsteps following you when you are walking alone at night.+

Have you ever had the feeling that someone was following you? Have you heard the sound of footsteps creeping up close behind you? If so, it was probably Betobeto-san. He is an invisible ghost who makes the sound of footsteps following you down a lonely street at night...+

Beto... Beto... Beto... Beto...+

If you hear him, you should politely say, "Betobeto-san, osakini okoshi" which means "Betobeto-san, please pass in front".+

In Japan, he is one of the most popular ghosts because he is not dangerous, and girls think he is cute. In Sakaiminato, there is a statue of Betobeto-san, and people leave coins in his mouth for good luck.+


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

The Catfish is a scary urban legend about a giant fish that lives beneath a dam in the Ohio River. Two divers encounter it when they go down to recover a submerged car.7

Back in the 1950s, the government constructed a dam on the Ohio River. A decade or two after the dam was finished, a man accidentally drove off the road, and his car plunged into the river beside the dam. Emergency units couldn't get there in time and the driver was presumed to have drowned.1

Maintenance workers at the dam reported that one of the inflow pipes in the dam had become blocked. The dam was shut down for a few days, and two divers were sent down to the bottom to recover the man's body and make repairs. +

Only one diver returned. He scrambled out of the water as quickly as he could and started screaming and shouting. He claimed that when they had been trying to open the car door, they saw a huge shadow above them. When he looked up, he saw a giant catfish about the size of the car swimming above them. Nobody believed him, but he refused to go back into the water for fear that he might get swallowed whole.+

As the people on the shore were waiting for the other diver to emerge from the murky waters, they saw a pair of severed human legs surface near the wall of the dam. They watched in horror as a gigantic catfish reared out of the water and swallowed the legs in one gulp. Then, it disappeared back into the depths. It had attacked the second diver and sliced him in half with one bite.+

They say the car is still submerged at the base of the dam because nobody dares to go down and remove it. The catfish had grown to such a monstrous size because of the ideal conditions for catfish at the base of the dam and the abundant food that was pulled in by the flow of the water.+

Origin: Japan2

Teke-Teke (or Tek-Tek) is a scary Japanese urban legend about a girl who fell under a train and was cut in half. She took a long time to die and now her ghost roams through Japan, dragging her top half along using her claw-like hands. Every time she moves, she makes a "teke-teke" sound.4

There is a story about a young boy who was leaving his school one evening when he heard a noise behind him. Looking back, he saw a beautiful girl sitting at a window. The girl had her arms propped up on the window sill and was just staring out at him. H wondered why she was there because it was an all-boys school.+

When she saw him looking back at her, the girl smiled and hugged herself so that she was holding her elbows. Then suddenly, she leaped out of the window and landed on the ground outside. The boy realized with horror that she was missing the lower half of her body.8

She made her way towards him, clawing along the ground and running on her elbows making a teke-teke-teke-teke-teke sound. The boy was filled with terror and revulsion. He tried to run, but he was frozen to the spot. Within seconds, she was upon him, and she took out a scythe and cut him in half, making him into one of her own.+

When kids tell this story, they warn each other about Teke-Teke. They say she carries a sharp saw or scythe, and if she catches you, she'll cut you in half and you'll become just like her. She is said to chase children who play at dusk. She is also known as "bata-bata" (again, the sound of it running on its elbows) or "The Girl That Runs On Her Elbows".+

Origin: China+

There was a young couple who attended United College. They were both medical students. The dormitories in the college were in the same building but they were separated. The girls lived on the upper floors and the boys lived on the lower floors. They had to study in their rooms until very late at night, and they were only allowed to go to each other's rooms during visiting hours, so the girl and the boy rarely got a chance to see each other. There were no mobile phones at the time, so it was hard to keep in contact.+

Every night, the girl would make a cup of oxtail soup for her boyfriend. She would hang it out the window and lower it down to her boyfriend, whose room was directly below her. Every time her boyfriend drank this cup of soup, he got a warm feeling inside.2

One night, the boy received the usual oxtail soup. He ate it and then fell asleep with his books open in front of him. The next day, he went upstairs to visit his girlfriend, but she was nowhere to be found. He asked around the and the other girls broke the sad news to him. +

His girlfriend had died of a sudden illness a few days before. Upon hearing this, the boy was overcome by grief. Then, he thought for a moment. If his girlfriend died, then who had been lowering the oxtail soup down to him?4

The Chupacabra (Goatsucker) is a scary monster that is believed to drain the blood of its victims. There have been sightings of this creature in Puerto Rico, Nicaragua, Chile, and Mexico. Locals call it "El Chupacabra". It has terrorized farms and is responsible for animal mutilations, killing livestock live goats, cattle, and horses.5

According to those who have seen it, the Chupacabra has two small arms with a three-fingered clawed hand, two strong, almost reptilian hind legs, again with three claws and spinal quills down its back, which it uses to fly. This appears to enable it to run quickly and leap over trees. Its head is oval in shape and has an elongated jaw. It appears to have strong coarse hair all over its body.1

The Chupacabra is like some kind of vampire that preys on animals. Farmers have found their animals lying dead on the ground with puncture wounds in their necks and all the blood drained from their bodies.+

Sightings of the Chupacabra continue to be reported in various parts of Puerto Rico and Texas. It had allegedly killed 11 goats in the town of San German and on one occasion a group of townspeople said they chased the creature away as it was attempting to kill three roosters.+

In Guanica, a 44-years-old man was grabbed from behind by an unidentified creature. He managed to fight the creature off and later received treatment for scratches and cuts on his body.+

No pictures or videos have been captured of El Chupacabra yet, but some people have seen it in daylight. When villagers in Campo Rico spotted the creature, they chased it into the woods. The Mayor got together an army with rifles and had a caged goat to use as bait. However, they failed to catch the legendary goatsucker.+

Farmers in Calamain, Chile awoke to find their goats and sheep dead in their pens. Officials quickly called in the National Guard. Hundreds of armed soldiers undertook a massive search of the area, hunting the Chupacabra. Night patrols, however, found nothing.+

Since then, the Chupacabra has been blamed for the deaths of over 2000 animals ranging from other livestock to household pets. There have been sightings of the beast in several American cities, including Miami, New York, San Antonio, Cambridge, and San Francisco.+

The Wild Rose is a scary urban legend about a girl named Elisa Day (or Eliza Day) who was murdered by her boyfriend many years ago.+

Many years ago, in Ireland, there was a young woman named Elisa Day. People called her The Wild Rose because they said she was as beautiful as the wild roses that grew down by the river, all bloody and red.1

One day, a young man came into town, and from the first moment he set eyes on Elisa Day, he knew she was the one. He went to her house, knocked on her door, and introduced himself. He took her in his arms and kissed her ruby red lips.7

On the second day, the young man came back. He brought her a single red rose and told her she was the most beautiful woman he had ever seen. He asked her to meet him down by the river where the wild roses grew so sweet and scarlet and free.+

On the third day, he took her down to the river. She stood on the bank and gazed silently into the water. The man kissed her lips one last time. Then he waited until her back was turned and beat her to death with a rock in his hand. As he killed her, he whispered, "All beauty must die..."28

He placed a rose between her teeth, and sled her body into the river, and she slowly disappeared beneath the clear, calm surface. Her body was never found and over the years, her real name was forgotten. She was just referred to as The Wild Rose.+

Many people claim to have seen her ghost wandering along the banks of the river, where the wild roses grow. Her head is bashed in, and blood is running down her face. They say she clutches a single rose in her hand.1

Origin: Malaysia+

Hantu KumKum is a ghost from Malaysian folklore. She is an old woman who goes from house to house looking for young girls. By drinking their blood, she hopes that it will restore her lost youth and beauty. The word "Hantu" means "ghost".2

Hantu KumKum is a ghost that has terrorized Malaysian homes for decades with her insatiable hunger for the blood of young girls. She is a hideous old woman who wears a long, flowing jilbab (a traditional Malay headscarf) to hide her disfigured face. +

She goes from house to house, knocking on doors and looking for victims. Because of her facial deformities, she can't pronounce the traditional greeting, "As-salam Alaykum" properly. All she can say is "KumKum".+

They say Hantu KumKum was once a beautiful Malaysian woman, but she was never satisfied with her appearance. As she grew older and her looks began to fade, she went in search of a way to restore her beauty.+

She consulted a bomoh (a Malay shaman or witch doctor) who told her that, through black magic and occult rituals, it was possible for her to have eternal beauty. He gave her a potion to drink and told her not to look at her reflection in a mirror for a period of 30 days.+

However, the woman was tormented by curiosity. Each time she touched her face, her skin was softer and she could feel the wrinkles disappearing.+

Everyone she met was telling her how good she looked. By the 29th day, the temptation was becoming too much and the woman broke the rules. She sneaked a peek at her reflection in the mirror.+

The mirror cracked and so did the poor woman's face. Her skin began to blister and her face started to change. She became grotesquely deformed and was hideous to look at.+

In desperation, the horrified woman returned to the bomoh and begged him to do something. He told her there was nothing he could do for her. The only way the process could be reversed was if she drank the blood of young girls.+

Thus began the story of Hantu KumKum. Nobody, not even the KumKum herself, knows how much blood it will take to restore her looks. They say Hantu KumKum is still roaming the earth and, to this very day, she continues to attack young girls in an attempt to regain her lost beauty.+

A few years ago, there were sightings of KumKum in Malaysia and Singapore. It caused quite a scare, and newspaper articles about the ghost were posted on many school notice boards. A lot of worried parents came to collect their daughters after school, fearing that they may fall victim to the blood-sucking ghost.+

One Malaysian girl tells of her own encounter with the Hantu KumKum when she was a child:+

"I can still remember when the KumKum ghost ran amok all over Malaysia. They said she was after young girls. I was only 7 or 8 years old at that time. They said she had no eyebrows and no nose, except for two gaping nostrils where her nose should have been. Her skin was covered in sores and blisters and she had sharp, yellowed teeth.+

One evening, I was on my way home when I suddenly got the strangest feeling that someone was watching me. I heard somebody sweeping the drain in front of my neighbor's house. When I turned around, I saw a woman seeping the drain. She was hunched over and I couldn't see her face as it was covered with a headscarf wich drooped all the way to the ground.+

Then, she reached up and pulled back the scarf. I froze. Her skin was red and blistered and her yellow eyes seemed to stare into my soul. I knew she wasn't human. All of a sudden, I heard my brother calling me from the house. That broke the spell and I ran as fast as I could until I got to the front door.+

That night, after dark, there was a loud banging and scratching at out front door. The door shook violently. Then we all started reciting prayers. The loud scratching noises stopped, then seconds later, the banging and scratching started on our back door. We were scared out of our wits. This continued fro more than an hour. The next morning, when it was safe to go outside, we found deep, bloody scratch marks on the outside of both doors."+

Origin: New Jersey+

The Devil's Tower is a scary urban legend from New Jersey about a mysterious Gothic stone tower that is believed to be haunted. They say that if you walk around it six times, the devil will appear.+

In Alpine, New Jersey, there is a large Gothic stone tower. Locals call it The Devil's Tower. According to the legend, it was built in the early 1900s by a plantation owner named Manuel Rionda. He built a large mansion for his wife and he also built the tower so she could look out over the New York City skyline.3

One night, his wife was looking out of the tower when she saw Manuel with another woman. The wife was so distraught to discover that her husband was cheating on her that she immediately jumped off the tower and fell to her death.+

Manuel was devastated and wracked with guilt and he had the mansion demolished. The tower was supposed to be torn down as well, but the plans had to be scrapped when several workmen mysteriously fell to their deaths. Manuel just moved away and left the tower locked up and abandoned.+

Rumors began to circulate that the tower was haunted and many people reported hearing strange noises as they passed by. Others spotted a shadowy female figure lurking in the tower's windows. They say that if you go there at night, you might catch a glimpse of the ghostly apparition of the wife jumping from the tower or hear her disembodied screams as she plunges to her death.+

As the years went by, locals started calling it  "The Devil's Tower", and they said it was cursed. According to legend, if you walk backward around the tower six times at midnight, the devil will appear. +

The members of a strange and twisted satanic cult became obsessed with The Devil's Tower, and they congregated there at night to hold black masses and worship the devil. They also carried out bloody rituals in which they would sacrifice animals in honor of the devil. During the day, children who lived in the area would find the gory remains of disemboweled cats and dogs.+

The leader of the satanic cult had a very special sacrifice planned for Halloween night. He wanted his followers to murder an innocent young girl and offer her soul up to the devil. The crazed cult members began staking out the local high school, searching for a victim. They set their sights on a teenage girl named Laura, who happened to be the homecoming queen.+

When Halloween arrived, the cult members were waiting outside the high school in a black van. After classes ended, they watched Laura say goodbye to her friends and start walking home alone. Driving very slowly, they followed her in the van, making sure to keep their distance.+

Just before Laura reached her home, the black van suddenly sped up and swerved in front of her, blocking her path. The doors flew open and the cult members jumped out. They grabbed the frightened teenage girl and threw her into the back of the van. After tying her hands and feet with rope, and gagging her with a dirty cloth, the van sped off.+

That night, while trick-or-treaters went from door to door, collecting candy, the police went from door to door asking if anyone had seen Laura. Nobody knew what had happened to her. Her worried parents combed the streets, but they couldn't find any trace of her. It was as if she had disappeared into thin air.+

The next morning, some kids who were playing near The Devil's Tower stumbled across a horrible scene. Inside, the walls were splattered with blood. What remained of Laura's mutilated body lay on a cold stone slab. Her heart had been cut out and her internal organs were scattered around the floor.+

The police searched everywhere for the members of the satanic cult but they were never found. +

Ever since that day, they say that if you go to The Devil's Tower on Halloween night, you will see the frightening apparition of a young girl dressed in a bloody gown emerging from the mist and begging for someone to save her.+

Origin: Mexico+

The Red Car is a scary urban legend from Mexico about a group of witches who travel the roads looking for en. It is also known as "El carro de las brujas" (The carriage/car of the witches).+

They say that, in Mexico, there is a scarlet red car that travels at night on the road between Mexico City and Cuernavaca. Usually, it is only seen by men who wander the lonely streets after dark.+

Inside the red car, there are two or three women. Sometimes there are as many as five, and they are all very beautiful. When they see a man alone by the side of the road, they stop the car and try to entice him to get inside. They use sensual language, gestures, and promise that they will fulfill his dreams.+

If the man accepts their offer and gets into the red car, he is usually found sometime later, lying lifeless by the side of the road, his bruised and battered body covered with cuts and strange arcane symbols. It is so obvious that he has been subjected to some dark occult ritual in which he has been sacrificed to the devil.+

Some say that the scarlet lining of the red car is made from the blood of the victims.+

Origin: Japan1

Kuchisake Onna, also known as The Slit-Mouthed Woman, is a scary urban legend about a disfigured Japanese woman who brandishes large scissors and preys on children. She has an enormous slit mouth, which extends from ear to ear in a horrible, permanent smile.10

The Slit-Mouthed Woman walks the streets of Japan, wearing a surgical mask and hunting for children. If you cross her path, she will stop you and ask you a question. If you give her the wrong answer, there will be horrible consequences.+

Picture the scene, you are walking home from school, and your path takes you down a deserted city street. Suddenly, you hear a faint noise coming from the shadows. You glance over and see a beautiful woman standing there. She has long black hair and is wearing a beige trenchcoat. A surgical mask covers the lower half of her face. +

In Japan, wearing a surgical mask is not uncommon during flu season, to prevent spreading germs. +

She steps out of the shadows and blocks your path. +

"Am I beautiful?" she asks.+

Before you can answer, she tears off her mask, revealing a hideously deformed face. Her huge mouth is sliced from ear to ear and gapes open revealing rows of sharp teeth and a big red disgusting tongue, twisting and twirling inside.+

"Am I beautiful NOW?" she screams.+

Terrified, you struggle to answer her. If you say "No", she pulls out a huge pair of scissors and kills you immediately, chopping off your head. If you say "Yes", she takes her scissors and slices your mouth from ear to ear, making you look just like her. If you try to run away, she will hunt you down and kill you, by slicing you in two.+

The only way to escape from Kuchisake Onna is to give her a non-committal answer. If you say, "You look normal" or "You look average", she will be confused, giving you just enough time to run away.4

There are many rumors about how Kuchisake Onna got her horribly disfigured mouth. Some say that her slit mouth is the result of a plastic surgery that went wrong. Others say that she was injured in a terrible car crash. Some even believe she is an escaped mental patient who was so demented that she cut her own mouth apart.+

According to one legend, years ago, in Japan, there lived a very beautiful woman who was extremely vain and self-absorbed. Her husband was a very jealous and brutal man, and he became convinced that she was cheating on him. In a fit of rage, he took a sword and slit her mouth from ear to ear, screaming, "Who will think you are beautiful now?"+

She became a vengeful spirit and began wandering the streets of Japan, wearing a surgical mask to hide her terrible scars.+

The Slit Mouth Woman's reign of terror began in the spring and summer of 1979 when rumors began to spread throughout Japan about sightings of the Kuchisake Onna hunting down children. The story spread like wildfire and actually created scares in many towns. Police increased their patrols, and schools sent teachers to walk students home in groups.+

In 2004, South Korea was plagued by reports of a red-masked woman who was chasing children.2

In 2007, a coroner found some old records from the late 1970s about a woman who was chasing little children but was hit by a car and died shortly after. Her mouth was ripped from ear to ear.+

The USA has its own version of Kuchisake Onna. There were rumors about a clown who appeared in public bathrooms and accosted children, asking, "Do you want death or a happy smile?" If they chose "happy smile", he took out a knife and slit their mouth from ear to ear.7

The Well to Hell is an urban legend about a team of scientists in Siberia who drilled a hole so deep that it broke through hell. The story first appeared as an article in a Finnish newspaper.1

According to the legend, some years ago, a Russian scientific team were working on a geological drilling project in Siberia, They had managed to drill a hole over 14.5 km depth deep in the crust of the earth when the drill bit suddenly began to rotate wildly.+

According to the story, the geologists were dumbfounded. They couldn't understand what they had come across. Some members of the team thought they may have reached the deep center of the earth and it was hollow. Others believed that they had just come across a deep, underground cave.+

The geologists felt a blast of searing heat gush out of the hole and thought they heard faint sounds emanating from the well. They raised the drill and lowered temperature gauges to measure the heat at the bottom of the hole.+

They got a huge surprise. The temperature they discovered was far higher than they had expected. By their calculations, the temperature at the bottom would have to be about 1, 100 degrees Celsius (over 2, 000 degrees Fahrenheit).+

They were shocked. It just didn't seem possible. Some of the scientists were too afraid to continue with the project.+

The most shocking thing was what they found next. They lowered a special microphone into the hole that was designed to withstand the heat. What they heard turned the remaining scientists into nervous wrecks.+

It was a weak but high-pitched sound. At first, they thought it was coming from their own equipment, but after some adjustments, they realized it was actually coming from the earth's interior.+

They could hardly believe their own ears. +

The scientists heard human voices, screaming n pain. It sounded like thousands, perhaps millions, of suffering souls crying and shrieking in unending torture.+

The horrified scientists had stumbled across a gateway to HELL!+

After this ghastly discovery, about half of the remaining scientists quit their jobs and left. They were just too terrified to go on, fearing that they had accidentally let loose the evil powers of hell upon the earth's surface. They hoped and prayed that whatever was down there would stay down there.+

It's a great story, but unfortunately, it isn't true. In 1989, Russian scientists working in the Kola Peninsula did manage to drill a hole that was 8 miles deep. They encountered some interesting geological formations, but nothing supernatural. The story was made up by a Christian group in Finland and published on the letters page of a newspaper.1

Origin: Malaysia+

Aisha (or Aisha's Curse) is a scary urban legend about a young girl who was horribly abused and murdered by four evil men. According to the legend, she will take revenge on anyone who looks at her picture.3

Aisha was a shy country girl who lived in Malaysia. She was born in a small village, but in 1984, she moved to Kuala Lumpur, the capital city of Malaysia.+

Aisha suffered from a rare disease that gave her Photophobia. It meant that her eyes were extremely sensitive to bright light and it caused her to have severe, pounding headaches. For this reason, Aisha always wore sunglasses and never allowed anyone to take her photograph. The flash of the debilitating headaches.+

One day, the factory where Aisha worked was holding its annual party. Everybody was having fun, and Aisha took her sunglasses off. Someone at the party had a camera and decided to take a picture. As soon as the flash went off, Aisha doubled over in pain and collapsed on the ground. She was suffering from an intense headache and she began to foam at the mouth. The poor girl writhed on the ground until an ambulance arrived and took her to the hospital.+

Aisha spent 3 days in the hospital, lying in a darkened room. The man who had taken her picture came to visit her and apologized for his carelessness.+

After that, Aisha was forced to stop working. The doctor gave her some medication and told her to spend a long time resting. She just sat at home and only went out at night when it was dark to buy food.  Her landlord sympathized with her situation and allowed Aisha to stay in the apartment without paying rent until she was healthy enough to return home.1

One month later, Aisha was fully recovered and it was time for her to make the trip back to the village where she was born. That night, after it was dark, Aisha left the house and walked to the bus station. On the way, a car suddenly pulled up in front of her, and four men got out. They blocked her path and when she tried to go around them, they grabbed her and dragged her into the car.+

The men kidnapped her and took her to an empty house on the outskirts of the city. They tied her hands and feet to a chair. Then, one of the men took out a knife and cut off her clothes. Aisha was crying and begging them to have mercy on her, but the men just laughed at her. They began beating and abusing her horribly.5

One of the men took out a camera to take some photos. Aisha begged him not to take her picture and tried to explain that she had a rare condition that made her extremely sensitive to light. The man just ignored her pleas and started snapping pictures. +

As soon as the blinding flash went off, Aisha was struck by an intense headache. Her head was pounding and she was screaming in pain. The men kept beating her, taking picture after picture. Every time the flash went off, she felt like her head was going to explode. Blood began flowing from her nose, ears, and eyes.2

After suffering for more than four hours, Aisha was in terrible pain and could barely move. She was still tied up. The men carried her out to their car and tossed her into the boot. They drove her out to a bridge and told her they were going to dump her into the river and let her drown. +

Just before they threw her into the icy waters, Aisha screamed out, "Anyone who looks at my pictures without permission, I will punish them in a dream with the same pain that I am experiencing. I swear I will. Though I'm dead, woe to those who see the picture!"4

The next morning, the four men went to the photo shop to get the photos developed. They gave the man behind the counter some money and warned him to keep silent about the contents of the picture. When the men saw the developed photos of Aisha helpless and embarrassed, nude and beaten, they began to shriek with laughter.9

Suddenly the car in which they were traveling swerved and crashed into a tree. One of the branches came through the windshield and smashed straight through the driver's head, killing him instantly.5

A second man was taken to the hospital but died that evening from severe internal bleeding. A third man survived the crash with only minor injuries and, after bandaging his wounds, the doctors allowed him to leave. On the way back to his house, the man tripped and fell into an open manhole. He lay at the bottom of the sewer with a broken leg, unable to climb back up. That night, it rained heavily. The water level rose in the sewer and the man drowned.4

The fourth man didn't have a scratch on him and went straight home. That night, as he lay in bed, he dreamed that Aisha came to him and began beating him about the head with a stick. When he woke up, he had an extremely bad headache. The pain grew so intense that he couldn't take it anymore. He felt like he was losing his mind and started stabbing himself in the head with a fork.7

He began to regret what he had done and felt like he was being cursed by Aisha. He went to the nearest police station and turned himself in, telling them everything he did to Aisha on that night. All the pictures he had taken were handed over to the police. The man was arrested and he was thrown in a cell while police began the search for Aisha's body.+

The man eventually died in prison, He took his own life by banging his head against the wall until his skull was crushed. He was unable to endure the unbearable headaches any longer.+

Two days later, Aish's bloated corpse was found floating in the river. She was taken to the mortuary where they identified her from her fingerprints and performed an autopsy.+

The doctor who carried out the post-mortem examination had to take a picture of Aisha's corpse as evidence. When the flash from the camera went off, he was shocked to see that Aisha's eyelids suddenly closed. Not long afterward, the doctor was found dead due to an overdose of painkillers.7

Anyone who looked at the autopsy photographs reportedly experienced nightmares and severe headaches. Shortly afterward, they were found dead under mysterious circumstances. Eventually, the police destroyed most of the pictures. They tried to keep the case secret from the public but rumors of Aisha's Curse began to circulate around Malaysia.+

Some of the post-mortem photographs that were taken of Aisha were leaked and posted on the internet. They say that anyone who looks at these pictures will encounter the ghost of Aisha in their dreams. When they wake up, they will experience severe and chronic headaches. The image of Aisha's corpse will haunt them no matter where they go. Wherever they look, Aisha's picture will appear in their vision.+

To avoid Aisha's curse, do not search for her pictures online.4

If you accidentally come across the pictures, do no look directly into her eyes.+

Do not send these pictures to anyone. If you do, it will mean certain death for you and for them. 1

DO NOT SEARCH FOR THEM.17

+

Roommates is a scary urban legend about two girls who get scared when they stay alone at college alone during a vacation.+

Two female college roommates were staying in their dorm room during the University's Christmas vacation. All of the other girls on campus had gone home so they were completely alone.+

The roommates were trying to do some study, but they ended up just spending hours browsing the internet on their laptops. +

Late that night, one of the girls felt hungry so she told her roommate she was going downstairs to get some food. She assured her friend she would be back in a few minutes. Then she took the keys to open the kitchen door and walked off down the hallway.+

The other girl sat in her room, using her laptop and waiting for her roommate to return. After a while, she began to feel sleepy so she got into bed.+

As she was about to fall asleep, she heard a gurgling moan coming from down the hallway. She froze, lying in bed, her heart pounding. The sound stopped, but it was replaced by a dragging noise. +

The girl was terrified. She couldn't lock the door because her roommate had taken the keys with her. All she could do was lie there, shivering, as the sound drew nearer and nearer.+

She listened, shaking with fear, as the sound came closer and closer, stopping right outside her door. Then, something began scratching at the door. Frightened beyond belief, the girl jumped out of bed and hid in the closet.+

The trembling girl was afraid to move a muscle. The scratching noise seemed to go on and on. Eventually, she managed to fall asleep, curled up in the closet.+

The next morning, the girl cautiously stepped out of the closet. The scratching sounds had stopped but she was still too frightened to open the door. Looking out of her window, she saw a mailman passing by and shouted to him for help.+

She heard the mailman's footsteps entering through the college dorm and coming upstairs, into the hallway. Suddenly, the footsteps stopped.+

"Is everything OK?" Cried the girl.+

For a few seconds, there was just silence.+

"Yes, everything is OK", shouted the mailman. "Just stay in your room. I'll get the police."+

"What's wrong?" Asked the girl.+

"Nothing!" Came the mailman's reply. "Just stay where you are. Don't come out."1

But the girl was already turning the handle and opening the door. As the door swung open, the girl saw the mailman standing there, his face pale and his eyes wide with fear. Then she looked down and screamed in horror at what she saw. +

Her roommate's dead body was sprawled on the floor, lying in a pool of blood. There was a hatchet buried in her and her fingernails were worn down by bloody stumps from scratching on the door for help.+

+

Origin: Mexico+

The Mexican Bus is a ghost story about a dangerous mountain road in Mexico and an accident that killed everyone who traveled on the bus.+

Today, if you are traveling in Mexico, between the city Toluca and the town of Ixtapan de la Sal, there is a lovely highway that makes the journey quick and easy. However, years ago, anyone making that journey was forced to travel along with a dangerous and winding mountain road, there was steep vertical rock, and on the other side, there was a sheer drop.+

One evening, many years ago, a bus departed from Ixtapan de la Sal, as usual, making the familiar journey to Toluca. It was an overnight trip, so the passenger on the bus took the opportunity to get some much-needed sleep.+

When the bus reached the base of the mountain, it started the slow climb up the slope without any problems. Most of the passengers had made this trip many times, and they noticed nothing out of the ordinary. When the bus reached the highest point on the mountain, it began to rain, and the driver negotiated the dangerous curves as the road descended. Some serious accidents had occurred on this stretch of the road and, many of them had been fatal.+

The bus began its descent in heavy rain, and the road was slick and wet. The passengers became a little nervous when they realized that the bus was picking up speed. It was unusual. Some of them called out to the driver, but he didn't respond. The bus got faster and faster, and the passengers became more and more frightened.+

Suddenly, the driver cried out, "The brakes are failing!"+

The bus was traveling at such a high speed that it was impossible to control. In the blink of an eye, they reached a curve, and the driver swerved. They skidded off the cliff and plunged into the void.3

It tumbled down the rocky slope and smashed into the jagged rocks below. Many of the passengers were killed instantly in the crash. Others lay unconscious and bleeding in the wreckage. Then, the bus caught fire, and within minutes, flames consumed the whole bus. Nobody heard the chilling cries of the surviving passengers, and they all died dreadfully and horribly.+

Later that night, the police located the site of the crash and called an ambulance. Unfortunately, it was of no use. There were no survivors. The bodies of some passengers lay strewn about on the sharp rocks. The bodies of others lay charred inside the smoking wreckage.+

Ever since that day, people have reported seeing the old bus traveling late at night on the road from Ixtapan de la Sal to Toluca. They say that if you hold your hand, the bus will stop for you. The doors will open when you approach it. You will notice that the bus is old but still in good condition. Even if the bus seems full, there will always be one empty seat.+

If you sit down, you will feel a strange emptiness in the pit of your stomach. You realize that something is very wrong. Despite the late hour, nobody on the bus is asleep. All of the men, women, and children are wide awake, staring straight forward, but nobody says a word. There is a heavy silence.+

A few minutes later, the bus conductor will walk down the aisle, checking tickets. You prepare the money to pay for your ticket, but the bus conductor just passes by you.1

You arrive at Toluca smoothly but after midnight. The driver stops the bus before arriving at the terminal. Then, he turns around and tells you that you have to get off. The journey did not finish, and you don't understand why but you obey.+

While everyone else stays seated, you get up and walk down the aisle. As you pass by the driver, you attempt to pay for your ticket. He waves away your money.+

"There is no change," says the driver. +

"Go now and don't look back, or you will never leave this bus."1

Those who obey, who do not look behind, hear the sound of the door closing and the bus engine starting up and driving off. The disobedient, who turns around, will see that the bus is a charred wreck. Inside, the emaciated skeletons that line the seats are staring silently through the windows. The bus will disappear, and you will die in an accident a few days later. It is said that, from that moment on, your ghost will be sitting on the bus.+

If, by chance, you travel to Ixtapan de la Sal one day, do not risk journeying to Toluca at night. There is a chance that you will meet the ghost bus. If you do, make sure you obey the driver's instructions. Otherwise, you'll be condemned to travel on the bus for all eternity.+

The Toll Booth is a scary urban myth about a man who has a terrifying experience when he encounters a gang of youths one night.+

A man got a job working at a toll booth on a motorway. He had to work nights and often sat alone in the booth, waiting for a car to pull up. It was very boring because there weren't many cars traveling on that particular motorway.+

One night, the man was so bored that he almost fell asleep in his chair. Just then, he saw some headlights approaching. When the car pulled up at his toll booth, he could hear loud music blaring from inside. The window rolled down, and he saw a gang of four youths sitting in the car.+

The driver grinned up at him and said, "Hey Grandpa, how much is the toll?"+

"Two dollars," replied the man.+

"Are you kidding me?" Complained the driver. "Every day it is more expensive."+

"Maybe," said the man, "but don't blame me. I only work here."+

The driver reached out and handed him a five-dollar note to pay the toll. The man took the money and put it in his box.+

"Here's your change, sir," he said, trying not to make eye contact with him.+

"What a ripoff!" Said the driver angrily. "And speaking off ripoffs..."+

Suddenly, the man felt a strong hand grab his wrist, and a chill ran down his spine. He looked up just in time to see the driver snapping a handcuff on his wrist. Without another word, the driver floored the accelerator and took off at high speed.+

As the car sped off, the man saw that the handcuff was tied to a rope. The rope was being pulled +

from the car's window.+

The man stood paralyzed by fear. He desperately tried to pull the handcuff off, but it was to no use. He attempted to undo the knot, but it was too tight. He did not know how much rope was inside the car. He expected to be yanked out of the toll booth window and dragged down the motorway at any time. Or have his arms suddenly torn off.+

When all seemed lost, the other end of the rope harmlessly fell out of the car's window.+

The youths had played a prank on him. The rope was never tied to the car. It was just a bad joke, and the thugs wanted to give the man the shock of his life.2

Origin: Japan+

The Red Room is a scary urban legend about a pop-up that appears when you are surfing the internet. They say that if you close it, you will die.2

There was a boy who was addicted to the internet. He heard an urban legend about The Red Room from one of his friends at school. That evening, when the boy got home, he went on the internet to see if he could find out anything more about it.+

All of a sudden, a small window popped up with a red background. Written in black was the message, "Do you like - ?"+

The boy closed the window, but it popped up again. He tried numerous times to close it, but it just kept reappearing. Eventually, the boy noticed that the question had changed. Now, it read: "Do you like the red room?" And in the background, a child-like voice said, "Do you like the red room?"+

Just then, the screen went black, and a list of names appeared in red. At the bottom of the list, the boy saw the name of his friend... The friend who told him about The Red Room.+

All of a sudden, the boy became aware of something behind him, and he lost consciousness.+

The next day, the boy didn't turn up for school. There was a rumor going around that something had happened to him. The next day, his classmates heard the terrible news. The boy had committed suicide, painting his room red with his own blood.+

Love Rollercoaster is an urban legend about a song by the Ohio Players that is said to contain the scream of a murdered woman. 3

The song, Love Rollercoaster, was a big hit for the Ohio Players when it was released in 1975. According to the urban legend, if you listen to the song, around the 2:30 mark, you can hear the blood-curdling scream of a woman being murdered.+

As the story goes, the Ohio Players wanted an eye-catching cover for their album and hired a model to pose for the picture. She was supposed to hold a jar of honey and let it drip into her mouth with a spoon.+

However, during the photo-shoot, they boiled the honey boiled so that it would drip more easily. Unfortunately, they heated it too much, and when the model dripped the honey on herself, she was badly burned. They say she was left permanently disfigured and unable to find work as a model anymore.+

A short time later, while the Ohio Players were recording their song Love Rollercoaster, the model stormed into the studio and threatened to sue them for everything they had. The band's manager allegedly got into a violent argument with the woman and ended up stabbing her to death with a knife in the control room.+

Her dying screams were recorded on the soundtrack.+

Of course, all of this is an urban myth. The model's name was Ester Cordet, and she is still alive. The high-pitched scream was made by one of the band members to add some excitement to the song. Apparently, a DJ made up the rumor about the scream, and the urban legend made the song very popular and the band sold a lot more records, so they never denied that the legend was true in case it hurt their record sales.+

Origin: Indonesia+

Wewe Gombel is an Indonesian ghost who likes to kidnap children who are abandoned or neglected by their parents. In Indonesia, parents warn children not to stay out late at night or Wewe Gombel will get them.1

Wewe Gombel is an evil spirit from Indonesia. She is a wrinkled old lady with a mouth full of fangs and large pendulous breasts that hang down to her knees. Those who have seen her say that they look like giant papaya fruits.8

Long ago, there was a married couple who lived in Indonesia. They loved each other and wanted to have a child together. However, as time went by, the husband came to realize that his wife was unable to have babies. He grew restless and neglected his wife. She was left alone for long periods of time and lived a miserable existence, filled with pain and sorrow.+

One day, she followed her husband and caught him in the arms of another woman. She was so hurt and shamed by his betrayal that she suddenly flew into a violent rage and murdered him. +

When her neighbors discovered her terrible crime, they gathered an angry mob and chased her away from the village. They ostracized the woman and kept harassing her to the point where she was driven into despair and committed suicide.+

After her death, she returned from the grave as an evil spirit they call Wewe Gombel. She began kidnapping children and bringing them back to her lair to keep her company. However, they say she does not harm the kids, and she only abducts those who have been mistreated or neglected by their parents.+

She treats the children lovingly, just like a grandmother would, taking care of them and protecting them. However, she forces them to suckle on her wrinkled breasts, no matter what age they are. Also, she feeds them human poop, which she fools them into eating by making it look like food. Not only that, but she smears mud all over their bodies and makes them think she has dressed them in expensive clothes.9

If you don't eat what Wewe Gombel gives you, she will hold your nose and shove it down your throat.+

Wewe Gombel keeps the children in order to scare their parents and make them realize what they have done. As soon as the neglectful parents are sorry for the way they treated their children, she will return the kids unharmed.4

The Dead Dog in the Suitcase is an urban legend about a young woman who discovers that a golden retriever she was supposed to care for has passed away.+

One summer, a young woman was house-sitting for a family who was away on a vacation. They lived in a large downtown apartment and she was tasked with taking care of their dog, a golden retriever. +

One day, she came to the apartment and found the dog lying dead in the middle of the living room. When she knelt and examined the dog, she found a big bone lodged in his throat. He must have choked to death on the food she left during the night.+

The young woman was horrified and felt very guilty. After all, she had unknowingly been the cause of the dog's death. She didn't want to tell the family and ruin their holiday. At the same time, she had to find some way to dispose of the dog because it was beginning to decompose. She wasn't sure about what to do with a dead dog.+

She called her father, who advised her to bring it to a vet, who would know how to dispose of a dead dog properly. The girl didn't have a car, so she decided to put the dead dog in a suitcase and carry it to the vet's office, which was not far away.+

After walking three blocks with the heavy suitcase, she was very tired and decided to use the subway. She carried the suitcase down the stairs and got on the train. When she reached the station that was closest to the vet's office, she got off the train and began trying to carry the heavy suitcase up the stairs.+

A young man spotted her struggling with the suitcase and asked her if he could help her with it. She accepted his kind offer. As they were both carrying the suitcase up the steps, he asked her what was inside. The young woman felt a little embarrassed. She didn't want to admit that she was carrying around a dead dog in a suitcase, so she told him it was just a laptop and some computer equipment.+

Moments later, when they reached the top of the stairs, the young man suddenly pushed the woman, grabbed the suitcase, and took off running down the street.+

Neither the young man nor the dead dog in the suitcase were ever heard from again.+

Origin: New Mexico1

La Mala Hora is a scary story and urban legend from the folklore of New Mexico. The name means "The Evil Hour, The Bad Time, or The Evil One."+

La Mala Hora is said to be a wicked spirit or an evil demon that wanders the lonely country roads after midnight and terrorizes those who travel alone. It usually lurks in the darkness at a crossroads, waiting for an unwary traveler to cross its path. According to some, it is more feared than the devil.+

It first appears as a large, black lump, constantly moving and changing shape. It can also change size rapidly, growing larger and smaller. It is said to look like a ghostly black shroud or a large black cotton ball.+

Anyone unfortunate enough to set eyes on this demon runs the risk of being driven insane. It tries to hypnotize and paralyze anyone who happens to encounter it at night. When it attacks, it suddenly rushes toward the unwary, envelopes him, and suffocates him. The following morning, the poor wretch is found dead at the side of the road.+

At other times, it transforms into a wicked woman, a female personification of evil. She appears wearing black clothing, her hair long and unkempt. She is like a spirit or wind floating along without touching the ground with her feet. People in New Mexico say that she seldom appears in human form, but when she does, it's considered to be a death omen. If you encounter her at a crossroads, it usually means that you or somebody you know is going to die.+

When pressed for more detailed information about this demon, the people of New Mexico will refuse to talk about it and just reply, "Es cosa mala!" ("It is an evil thing!")+

In one story, there was a woman whose husband was away on business. One night, she decided to go and stay with her friend in Santa Fe. It was just after midnight when she left her house and drove down the lonely, deserted highway. After a while, she approached a small crossroads, when suddenly a dark shape appeared in front of her car. The woman screamed in fright and slammed on the brakes, screeching to a halt.+

When she looked up again, the dark shape had disappeared. For a second, the woman breathed a sigh of relief. Then, she turned to her right and saw something that almost gave her a heart attack. Right beside her window, looking in at her was an old lady. She had the twisted face of an old demon, glowing red eyes, and short pointed teeth. The demonic lady began clawing at the window, trying to break the glass.+

Terrified, the woman put her foot down on the accelerator, and the car took off down the road. For a few terrible moments, the demonic lady ran alongside the car, still clawing at the window. Then, the car sped up, and she fell behind. The woman looked in her rearview mirror. The last thing she saw was the demon growing taller and taller until it was as large as a tree.+

When the woman reached her friend's house, she ran inside and locked the door behind her. The woman explained what she had seen at the crossroads, and her friend gasped in horror."It must have been La Mala Hora," said her friend. "The Evil One. They say she only appears at crossroads when someone is about to die..."+

The woman was overcome by a feeling of dread and impending doom. She couldn't sleep and wink that night. She waited until morning then drove home. She made sure not to drive by the crossroads again, fearing that the demonic lady would appear once more.+

When the woman reached home, she found a police car waiting in her driveway. The officers approached her, asked her name, and broke the terrible news to her. Her husband had been mugged on the way back to his hotel and the night before. He had been shot in the head and was killed instantly. It all happened just after midnight.+

The Wine Barrel is an urban myth about something horrible found floating in a cask of alcohol. There are quite a few variations in this story.+

There was a married couple in Scotland who inherited an old castle when the husband's grandfather died. Shortly after they moved in, they decided to renovate the old place and hired some builders to work on it.+

While the builders were cleaning out the basement, they discovered a large barrel of wine amid the clutter. They tried moving it but found that the barrel was too heavy for them to lift. One of them had the bright idea that they could make the barrel lighter by drinking some wine.+

The wine had a very peculiar taste. After drinking as much as they could, the workers tapped the barrel and filled some bottles to take home with them. Then, they carried the barrel upstairs and told the owners about their discovery.+

A few days later, the married couple decided to throw a housewarming party and invited all of their friends. All of the guests drank glasses of wine that were filled from the barrel. By the end of the party, the wine was almost finished. A few guests stayed behind to help the couple clean up.+

As they were moving the empty barrel of wine to take it downstairs, they noticed that it was still very heavy. The husband decided to investigate, so he went off to fetch a hacksaw from his toolbox. When he cut off the top of the barrel and looked inside, he was horrified.+

Curled up in the bottom was the dead body of an old man.+

They found out later that it was the corpse of the husband's great uncle. He had died many years ago in Jamaica, and his wife had arranged for his body to be shipped back to Scotland. Because of the long journey, the body was preserved in wine to prevent it from decomposing.+

+

The Monkey Barrel+

There was a group of workers who were transporting a shipment of goods to a university. Among the goods in the back of their van, they noticed a large barrel. One of them was wondering what was inside, so he lifted the lid. Taking a sniff, he was sure it was rum. The workers, unable to resist temptation, decided to have a drink.+

Later that day, when they delivered the barrels to the university, they handed them over to a professor of natural history. The professor opened the barrel in front of the workers. And to their amazement, there was a corpse of a large monkey inside. It had been preserved in alcohol to keep it fresh before it was displayed in a museum.+

Upon seeing this, the workers immediately began to vomit, and none of them ever touched a drink of alcohol again.+

+

The Beer Vat+

There was a brewery in the United States that imported cheap beer from a foreign country. This beer was transported in large tanker ships. When the ships reached port, the tanks were drained and the beer was then bottled and sent out to stores.+

During one shipment, the tanks were being drained, when the pipes suddenly became clogged. Workers investigated and found an old boot caught in the pipe. They later discovered the dead body of a sailor floating in the beer. They realized that he had been murdered. His hands had been cut off so he couldn't swim or escape when he was thrown into the tank.+

However, the discovery was made too late to stop the beer from being bottled and transported to stores. When this scandal came to light, the brewery went out of business.+

+

The Jar of Honey+

In 1200 AD, an Arabic historian named Abd el-Latif recorded a strange method of embalming that he discovered on one of his expeditions. According to his story, a group of treasure hunters was excavating a site near the pyramids in Egypt when they unearthed a large, unopened jar that was full of honey.+

During a lunch break, they opened the jar and dipped their bread into it. They all declared it a delicious lunch until one of them discovered a human hair floating in the honey. A quick investigation revealed the preserved corpse of a young child curled up at the bottom of the jar.+

+

True Story or Urban Myth+

Of course, all of these stories are just urban myths. They never actually happened. However, centuries ago, before the invention of refrigeration, dead bodies that were being transported over long distances were sometimes packed in alcohol to preserve them.+

When Admiral Horatio Nelson was killed in the battle of Waterloo, his corpse was placed in a barrel of rum to keep it from decomposing on the long journey back to England. The barrel was strapped to the ship's mast and kept under guard to stop the sailors on the ship from drinking the alcohol inside. Now that's the true story.+

Origin: Mexico and other Latin American countries1

La Llorona, or in English "the Weeping Woman," is an urban legend from Mexico and other Latin American countries about a female ghost who roams water areas such as rivers, mourning over her drowned children. 1

This story has been passed from generation to generation, warning and terrifying children about La Llorona.+

There are a lot of versions to this story.+

In the most famous version, there was a young, beautiful woman named Maria. Maria was also kind in, and every guy in her village dreamed of her, but she ended up marrying a rich man with whom she fell in love. He gave her tons of gifts and attention.1

She lived a happy life with him and until she gave birth to two children. After that, things began to change.+

Her husband turned to alcohol and began having multiple affairs.+

He would often leave Maria and the children alone for months. He didn't care for them anymore.+

Lastly, he decided to leave Maria for good and married another woman.+

Her now-ex-husband would only come and visit his two children. This caused great hate in Maria for her children. +

One Evening, Maria decided to take her children on a walk by the riverbank, there Maria saw her ex-husband with his new wife passing by. +

After seeing them both happily together, Maria couldn't hold back her anger and hate anymore. In a fit of blind rage and urge for revenge, Maria mercilessly drowned her two children in the river. Once she saw her children's dead bodies floating in the river, she realized her mistake. Maria was overcome by guilt. She tried to save her children, but their bodies were too far away, and it was too late.+

She mourned and wailed for her dead children for days and days. Maria couldn't eat, she couldn't sleep. She just wailed in a white gown by the riverbank where she had killed her children until finally, she died there as well.+

However, she was unable to enter the afterlife without her children.+

And so, she was cursed to roam the earth until she had found her dead children. +

Not long after, her restless spirit was seen by the nearby rivers in the dark. Locals, afraid of her, stopped going out after dark.+

In another version, the children are of an affair the man had with Maria. As the wife of the man found out, she decided to forgive her husband and accept the children as hers. However, Maria was having none of it, so she decided to drown the children in the river so that nobody could take them away from her.+

It doesn't matter in which version of the legend you believe. Important is that La Llorona roams at night in waterfront areas in search of her dead children.+

She is often described as a tall, thin ghost in a white gown with natural beauty and long dark hair.+

Her wails are horrible and loud. They say that when you hear her, you should make it for a run in the opposite direction.1

And if by any chance you encounter La Llorona, she will drag you into a watery grave. If she comes across a child, she attempts to take that child and drown them as well, in hopes that she will get her children back in return.+

The tale of La Llorona is told by parents to make their children behave and be home on time.+

The Kidney Thieves is an urban legend about a college student who meets an attractive girl at a party. This story is also known as "The Kidney Heist," "The Organ Thieves," and The Stolen Kidneys."3

There was a young man who was going to college. He went to Las Vegas with his buddies for Spring Break. They were all having a good time, going from bar to bar and gulping down drink after drink. They stopped at one bar where a band was playing music, and pretty soon, the friends were all laughing, singing, and shouting.+

The young man had just finished another drink when a beautiful young woman came up to him and started chatting. He was surprised and flattered at the same time. The woman seemed to be attracted to him, so when she invited him to another party, he readily agreed.+

Leaving his friends in the bar, the young man followed her to an apartment on the outskirts of the city. When they went inside, there was already a party in full swing. They continued to drink and even danced a little.+

Then the girl began rummaging around in her bag and took out a small pouch. Inside, there were two pills. She took one of the pills and popped it in her mouth. Then, with a slime, she offered the other one to him.2

Although the young man would usually never do drugs, he decided to try it out, just this once. He thanked her, took the pill, and swallowed it. That was the last thing he remembered.+

The next morning, he woke up in an unfamiliar hotel room. Looking around, he realized that he was lying completely naked, submerged up to his neck in a bathtub filled with ice. Groggy and disoriented, he frantically tried to remember how he had ended up there. He was confused, scared, and in a lot of pain.+

That's when he spotted a crumpled note in his hand. It read: "If you don't want to die, call 911."+

There was a cell phone sitting on a small table beside the bathtub. He picked it up and dialed the number. His fingers numb and clumsy from the ice.+

When the emergency services operator answered, the young man explained that he didn't know where he was or how he got there, but he was in a lot of pain. When he mentioned the bathtub filled with ice and the note, the operator seemed oddly familiar with his situation.+

She said, "Sir, can you do the following for me? Slowly and carefully get out of the bath and examine yourself in the mirror."+

The man grabbed the towel rack and pulled himself up out of the ice. Looking over at the mirror, he saw that there were two nine-inch slits in his lower back.+

When he described the injuries, the operator said, "I want you to get back into the bath, sir. The paramedics are on their way. Do not move until they arrive."+

"What happened to me?" Asked the young man nervously.+

"I don't want you to panic," said the operator. "but last night, you were drugged. Someone removed your kidneys. There's a ring of organ thieves operating in this city. They harvest kidneys and sell them on the black market."+

They say that the young man is currently in the hospital on a life support machine, awaiting a kidney donor.2

Origin: Indonesia+

The Pocong is an Indonesian ghost that appears wrapped in its death shroud and hopping through the countryside at night. In Malaysia, this ghost is known as Hantu Bungkus (The Wrapped Ghost).1

Imagine you are out driving late at night and suddenly, you have to step on the brakes as a dead body, wrapped in white linen and tied with rope, comes hopping across the road in front of you.+

That is the Pocong.+

The Pocong's face is pale green, withered, and rotting. There are two dark, hollow holes where its eyes should be. It is usually found in villages, wandering through the night, jumping up and down as though in search of something or someone. The Hantu Pocong's leap can range up to 40 or 50 meters. It has also been known to roll along the ground as well.+

In the Indonesian language, "Pocong" is a cloth shroud that is used to wrap the dead body before the burial. In Indonesian burials, the corpse is wrapped in the shroud, and then it is tied in three places: over the head, around the neck, and under the feet.+

According to the legend, the deceased person's soul stays on earth for 40 days after they die. After 40 days have passed, the ties have to be released to allow the soul to escape. If the ties aren't released, the dead body will turn into a ghost and jump out of the grave, becoming a Pocong. Because its feet are tied together, the Pocong can't walk and hops along the road instead.+

If you encounter the Pocong, it won't harm you, but it will follow you wherever you go. It will only attack someone who blocks its path. So, if you ever stumble across a Pocong, don't stand in its way or you'll regret it.+

There are only two ways to escape from the Pocong. You can lie on the ground and pretend to be dead or you can try and evade it by running down a long, winding road until it loses sight of you. Only when the knots are untied will the ghost stop haunting you.+

There was a little girl who lived in the kampong. After school, she had to attend religious classes, and each time she went, she had to pass through a small forest. The trees were closely packed and never let any light shine through. The place was always creepy and deserted and she hated having to pass through the area.+

One night, she finished her religious classes and was passing through the forest as usual. As she walked, she was scared and kept saying prayers under her breath. All of a sudden, she heard some bumping sounds behind her. She kept saying her prayers, but the bumping sounds followed her. When she walked slowly, the bumping followed softly. When she walked fast, the bumping sound grew louder.+

Just as she was reaching home, the girl plucked up enough courage to glance behind her. What she saw filled her with horror. It was like a newborn baby, but it was all wrapped up in a white shroud of death.+

Terrified, she turned and ran home as fast as her legs would carry her. On the way, she heard the bump bump bump following her. Desperate to get away, she started dodging through trees and jumping over ditches. Eventually, she ran down a long path, turning left and right until she managed to lose the ghost.+

When she finally got home, she hurriedly washed her legs and face.+

The next day, she told her mother what she had seen. Her mother said that it was a Pocong and told her daughter that she should have hugged it. Many people believe that if you are brave enough to wrap your arms around a Pocong, you will become very wealthy. Then, you should untie the knot over its head and set the soul of the dead person free.4

Origin: Mexico+

There once lived a beautiful girl in a small town in Mexico. Since she was little, her only dream was to have a wonderful wedding. She had planned everything perfectly, even before meeting her significant other. Her perfect wedding was all she dreamed about.2

She wanted to have a simple dress with a big tail. She wanted to wear flowers on her head that would adorn her beautiful braid.+

The banquet would be in her house's backyard, surrounded by dozens of fruit trees.+

As she grew up, her obsession with meeting her significant other grew even more. So every failure in love felt like a bullet to the heart for her. That was until she met "the one," and from the first day, she knew that it was him. She fell head over heels for him, and just six months later, they were a couple.+

He was very liked in the town, and he came from a wealthy, hard-working, and respected family.+

They were in a long and happy relationship together, and finally, the dreams of the young woman were becoming a reality. One summer afternoon, her boyfriend proposed to her.+

The months that followed were filled with preparations. She took out all the notebooks that contained her wishes and ideas for her wedding. With care and dedication, she prepared every detail of that long-awaited day. The decorations, the guests, the food, everything was prepared. That included her dress as well, which the town's tailor was going to make.+

Everything was going as planned, and she felt like the happiest girl in the world.+

However, just a few hours before the great ceremony, a neighbor went to see the young woman. The neighbor told her that her boyfriend was cheating on her with her best friend.+

At that moment, the young woman was trying on her wedding dress for one last time and became mad with jealousy. +

She went out of the house, still wearing her wedding dress. She headed directly to where her future husband was supposedly cheating on her. +

And then, with her own eyes, she saw everything. She saw that it was all true. Her future husband was cheating on her with her best friend. The very same friend who had helped her prepare the wedding.+

Filled with rage, the young woman grabbed a stick she found in the lounge and began beating them both. +

It felt like she was possessed or something, and all she wanted was revenge.+

Bloody and ashamed, her victims couldn't defend themselves, especially when she grabbed a knife and started stabbing them both. She first stabbed her best friend and then her former fiancé.+

The wedding dress that she had designed with so much care was now completely soaked with blood. +

All she wanted to do was cry. She believed that her life had no value anymore. +

Then, the townsfolk began treating her like an outcast. They would constantly scold her, and everyone excluded her from society. +

The young woman knew that she would be jailed sooner or later for what she did, but she didn't want that. So instead, she decided to take her own life. +

Her neighbors, instead of pitying her, celebrated her death by organizing a party. They hated her.And for that reason, she could never rest in peace. Her soul was filled with resentment and a thirst for revenge. That prevented her from crossing into the afterlife, or at least that is what the townsfolk believed.2

After her death, whenever a young man and a young woman became a couple in the town, strange things would happen. +

The young woman would feel as if someone is touching her or would hear the voices of a woman, telling her that she can't trust her boyfriend.+

And in most cases, the woman would end up becoming crazy and committing horrible acts.+

The townsfolk believed that the young woman had cast a love curse on the town. After her boyfriend's betrayal, she couldn't let anyone be happy. It resulted in the town being plunged into absolute sadness.+

Every night, you can hear the young girl's ghost moving chairs and sewing fabric remnants as if she is still preparing for her wedding. +

The very same wedding that led her to hate love with all her will.+

Origin: Ohio2

Mooney's Mansion is a scary urban legend about a haunted house in Columbus, Ohio, where a brutal mass murder is believed to have taken place years ago.3

Back in the 1950s, Dr. Mooney lived with his wife and three children in one of the old homes in Columbus, Ohio. The family was very wealthy, and the Mooneys seemed to have the perfect marriage. People who knew them said the couple was very much in love, and when they got married, Dr. Mooney had even erected a statue of his beautiful wife in their backyard.+

However, as fate would have it, the family's happiness would not last very long. Dr. Mooney may have been rich, but a series of bad investments on the stock market resulted in him losing all of the family's money. His bank account was completely wiped out, and the unfortunate man sank into a deep depression.+

They say that Mooney's wife and children were embarrassed by his battle with depression. They tried to ignore the problem and refused to bring him to a psychiatrist, fearing that their neighbors would find out.+

Left untreated, Dr. Mooney gradually descended into madness and insanity. One night, the demented man finally snapped and flew into a psychotic rage. He took an ax and murdered his wife and children as they slept in their beds.5

But Mooney's insane act was not yet complete. He chopped off his wife's head and kicked it like a football out of the bedroom door, down the stairs, out through the front door, and down the hill to the Calumet Bridge.+

Still seething like a lunatic, Mooney returned to the house, grabbed his wife's hacked-up body, and took her out to the backyard, where he buried her underneath the statue. Then he took the bodies of his three children and brought them down to the Calumet Bridge, where he hung them off the side. They say that Mooney's youngest daughter was still clutching her teddy bear when Mooney tied a rope around her neck and tossed her over the bridge.+

The next morning, a husband and wife were out driving in the area. As they neared the bridge, they spotted a teddy bear lying in the middle of the street, and beside the teddy bear lay a woman's severed head. They screamed as they recognized the face of Mrs. Mooney.+

Trembling with fear, they looked up and saw the corpses of three young children hanging from the bridge. But that's not all. The body of Dr. Mooney was hanging right there beside them. It appeared that when his rage subsided and, he realized what he had done, the crazed father had taken his own life. +

Today, people say that if you go under the bridge on Walhalla Road at night, and you look in the water to the right of the road, you will see the reflection of the ghostly hanging children.+

The old Mooney Mansion is supposed to be haunted too, and the husband's ghost is said to inhabit the upstairs bedroom in which the murder took place. If you pass by, you will see a cold blue glow visible through the upstairs windows of Mooney's Mansion.+

According to legend, the vicious ax murder is re-enacted nightly, and if you go into Mooney's Mansion at midnight, climb the staircase and knock on the bedroom door, you will see a shadowy figure kicking a phantom severed head down the stairs and out into the streets.1

Also, as the story goes, the statue of the wife still stands in the backyard of Mooney's Mansion. If you go there at midnight on Halloween night, they say you will see the life-sized statue of Mooney's wife bleeding from all the places where she received blows from the ax.+

According to one story, a man was out walking one night on Walhalla road when he heard something moving in the bushes by the side of the road. Whatever it was, it kept rustling and following him as he walked down the street. +

Eventually, he turned around and called out, "Come out and face me!" To his horror, he saw the severed head of a woman rolling out of the bushes. The head tumbled past him and rolled off down the road. The man was so freaked out that he ran all the way home. That was the last time he ever walked home alone in the dark.+

The legend of Mooney's Mansion is probably the most famous ghost story in Columbus, Ohio. However, no one in Columbus actually knows exactly where the haunted house is located. Some say Walhalla road, and others say Calumet, south of the bridge. Either way, the popularity of the legend persists to such an extent that if you are caught snooping around Walhalla road or Calumet Bridge at night, you can be arrested.+

Origin: Mexico+

La Bruja is a creepypasta story about a Mexican witch who kidnaps children.+

My mother told me this story once, and my grandmother told me that she lived through it. In the early 1960s, there was a small town in Mexico where multiple babies just happened to be born around the same time.+

It is said that there was a woman who haunted the town. +

She was not a ghost. She was one of the 200 people that lived in the town at the time. People say that she was a witch, a worshipper of the devil. And many people said that she would go out into the fields in the middle of the night when everyone was asleep. Some local farmers claimed that they would see her whenever they would go outside to check on their animals because their animals would make a lot of noise whenever she passed by. They could never tell who it was because it was always pitch-black, and they couldn't see a thing. It was a poor town with a couple of streetlights.+

People weren't so worried about her for a while because they saw that she did not harm them until something terrible happened.+

One night, a married couple slept with their baby between them. They were so poor that they couldn't afford a mattress and had a carpet as their bed. The parents did not sleep too close to their baby because they were afraid they would accidentally roll over and hurt their child. The mother and father were deep into their sleep until the mother heard the baby cry terribly. It shrieked a blood-curling scream, loud enough to wake up my grandmother and grandfather, who lived next to them. The baby cried, and the mother woke up and tried to put the baby back to sleep. Whenever she went to sleep again, she heard the baby cry once more. She woke up again and did the same as before. This went on about two more times. The mother became angry and impatient with her baby because she was tired. The father was asleep and would not wake up no matter how many times his baby cried. The fifth time the baby cried, his mother ignored it.+

The baby cried for another couple of minutes. The mother continued to ignore her baby until she subconsciously heard someone walking outside. +

She heard the door squeak open slowly. Then it shut loudly. +

The door was made of thick metal. The loud sound terrified her and finally woke her and her husband up. When she looked for her baby, she saw that he was quiet and thought that he was sleeping. The mother asked her husband why he wouldn't wake up before, he said that he never heard anything. When the mother went to hold her baby, she saw that he was cold. She kissed her baby to try to wake him up, but he wouldn't. The baby was dead.+

When she took off his blanket, she saw that his stomach and arms had scratch marks. Someone was hurting her child while he was sleeping.+

Then the husband cried, "La bruja! La bruja lo mató! Mató a mi hijo!" (The witch! The witch killed him! She killed my son!).+

The mother swore that she heard a woman giggling.+

After that, many parents held their children close to them whenever they slept. Sometimes children would cry in the middle of the night out of nowhere, and their mothers would begin to pray. The children, who could speak, said that they would feel someone grabbing them. The witch would leave after.+

It wasn't until years later that two children died, a brother and a sister; except, it was in a river in the town. One man swore that he saw a woman pushing the boy and girl's head into the water and laughing when she did so. He yelled at her to leave them alone and ran to stop her. +

But when he almost reached her, she was gone and the boy and girl's bodies were floating on the water.+

People began to suspect women who could be the witch. But coincidentally, many people left the town around that time to move to other places. She could have been one of them.+

Origin: Malaysia+

The Langsuir is the ghost of a woman who died while giving birth to a dead baby. She is similar to the Pontianak, but there are some differences. She appears as a hideous woman with glowing red eyes, a rotting green face, and long sharp nails. She has long black hair that hangs down to her ankles and is usually wearing a green or white dress.+

The Langsuir is jealous of pregnant women, so she attacks them and tries to kill them or cause their babies to be born dead. She has a hole in the back of her neck through which she can suck the blood of her victims. She can also possess her victims and suck out their blood from the inside.+

The Langsuir lives near the coast and when she can't find human victims, she resorts to sucking the blood out of fish.+

To prevent a pregnant woman's corpse from becoming a Langsuir, you have to place needles in both her hands, glass beads in her mouth, and an egg under each armpit.+

It is possible to tame a Langsuir by cutting off her long nails and stuffing her long hair into the hole at the back of her neck.+

The Smith Sisters is a scary urban legend about two young girls, that were murdered anonymously while they slept in their bedroom.+

There was a boy named John Smith, who lived in Plainfield, Wisconsin. He was very fond of scary e-mails and popups. Every day, he would find new ones and send them to everyone he knew. He even started making some himself and sending them to strangers. He loved to scare people on the internet.4

One day in November 2007, he opened up his Inbox and found a message that appeared to be from two young girls. They called themselves "The Smith Sisters" and told him they were his older sisters, which confused him because he was an only child. They also said that, years ago, they had lived in his house.+

He replied saying, he didn't have any sisters and told them to get lost and leave him alone. The next day, he received a chilling message with some photo attachments. The first photo was of two young girls.+


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

The caption on it said, Smith Sisters Murdered Anonymously.+

In the e-mail, the girls said that they were indeed his older sisters. They told him that in 1993 they had lived in his house. His bedroom had once been their bedroom. They told him everything about growing up and about their lives and how happy they had been until one horrible night.+

He opened up the other attachment. It was a scan of an old newspaper article.+

"In 1993, two sisters were brutally murdered in the small-town community of Plainfield, Wisconsin. Lisa Smith, 19, and her sister Sarah Smith, 15, were attacked in their parents' home on the night of November 17th, around 1:30 AM. 5

The Smith Sisters were lying in bed when a crazed killer broke into the house. No one heard them scream. In the morning, their parents found the dead bodies of the Smith Sisters hidden in the bedroom closet. They had been skinned alive. The killer was long gone, and no trace of him could be found. They had been murdered anonymously. +

Police conducted an extensive investigation, but to no avail. The motives for the attack were never discovered, nor was the killer ever found. The only lead authorities had was a series of strange e-mails found on Lisa's computer. The case was closed in October of 2000."+

In the rest of the e-mail, the sisters said that they were angry that the case was closed and people forgot about them.+

They were angry that their parents wanted to forget about them too. +

They were angry that their parents decided to start over and had a new baby, a little boy named John.+

John Smith sent an angry reply saying he didn't believe what they were saying. He didn't believe the Smith Sisters were really related to him, and he didn't believe the newspaper article was real. He told them to go to hell.+

Five minutes later, he got another e-mail from them. It said, "If you don't believe us, look in the bedroom closet." +

That was the last e-mail found on John's computer. Police were unable to trace who had sent the messages to him.+

On the floor of the closet, the police found a faint message carved in the wood. It simply read, "Sarah and Lisa - 1993". Underneath that was another carving that read, "John - 2007".+

No one knows what John did next. In the morning, John's parents woke up to find their son missing. Then, they checked his bedroom closet and got the shock of their lives. There they found the dead body of their son. He had been skinned alive.+

No one knows what really happened on that night. Police were only able to piece together parts of the story based on what they found on John's computer.+

The parents were devastated. How could this happen to a family? First, their daughters were murdered. And now, years later, their son is murdered.+

It seemed too weird to be just a coincidence. Two sisters are murdered and then years later, their brother is murdered in the same way, in the same place. And the only evidence left behind is a few scary e-mails... Makes you wonder.+

Origin: Indonesia+

A Toyol is a mythical creature from Malaysian folklore. It is said to be the ghost of a baby that died before it was born. In Indonesia, it is called the Tuyul.1

The name literally means "mischievous thief." The Tuyul is similar to a creature from Filipino mythology called the Tiyanak and the legendary Guman Thong from Thailand.+

A Tuyul is a dead baby that has been brought back to life by a Bomoh (a shaman) or someone familiar with black magic. You can create a Tuyul by digging up a dead baby and using black magic rituals and incantations to re-animate it.+

The Tuyul looks like a mummified baby, with green or gray skin, a big, bulbous head, pointed ears, piercing red eyes, and sharp teeth. Some say it resembles a goblin. It is usually kept in a glass jar and hidden away in a dark place until it is needed.+

When you own a Tuyul, it is like making a deal with the devil. The Tuyul has the temper of a small child and must be kept happy, entertained, and well-fed. You must make offerings to the creature, like toys, milky candy, sweets, and biscuits.+

You also have to nurse it by picking your thumb and allowing it to suck your blood. If you don't feed it, the Tuyul will forcefully suck blood from your toes or the toes of your family members while they sleep.3

People who create a Tuyul use it to steal from their neighbors. In return for food and protection, the Tuyul will lurk around the village at night, running errands for its master... errands the summoner would rather not be seen doing himself. Typical "errands" would include petty thefts or vandalism, which the Tuyul can get away with because of its tiny size.+

To protect yourself from a Tuyul, you can leave marbles around your house or hand garlic over your door. This will distract the Tuyul, and it will start playing with these items until, like a child, it forgets what it was supposed to do. To keep your money safe from a Tuyul, place it on top of some needles or under a mirror. Tuyuls are terrified of needles and are scared of seeing their own reflection.+

Once you obtain a Tuyul, not only are you stuck with it for the rest of your life but all your descendants will also be condemned to own it. What happens at the end of the contract is not very clear. There are only two ways to get rid of it. You can bury it in a graveyard and lay the spirit to rest, or you can throw it into the sea.+

In one Malaysian story, there was a young man named Bachuk. He was very lazy and couldn't hold down a steady job. He was also addicted to gambling, and any money he had was squandered in the casino. He lived with his wife and sister and had a hard time providing for them because of his laziness and gambling.+

One day, he was searching through his dead grandfather's possession when he came across a dusty old suitcase. Upon opening it, he found it contained what looked like a withered corpse of a baby. Suddenly, to his horror, the baby opened its red eyes and began speaking to him. He realized that it was a Tuyul.+

"Thank you for releasing me," said the Tuyul. "But there are... conditions. I can obey your wishes and give you power. But... I must eat..."+

The young man sent the evil imp out to creep around the village at night, stealing the possessions of his neighbors. As time went on, Bachuk became rich, and nobody suspected where his money came from.+

However, the Tuyul began making more and more demands. Bachuk realized that it wanted a new mother. The Tuyul demanded that he be allowed to breastfeed from Bachuk's sister, sucking blood instead of milk.+

Bachuk sent his wife and sister away to keep them safe, and when the Tuyul discovered this deception, it flew into a rage. The Tuyul attacked Bachuk and sucked every drop of blood from his body until he was nothing more than a withered and desiccated corpse.+

In 2006, a fisherman in Malaysia found a glass jar snagged in his net. Inside the jar was a small black figure that looked like a baby and had red eyes. To his horror, he was convinced he had stumbled upon a Tuyul.+

The fisherman gave the bottle to his local Bomoh, and the Bomoh turned it over to a museum. The museum theorized it was some sort of fetish figure that had been used in a healing ritual and had been cast into the water as a part of that ritual.+

Not knowing what else to do with it, they put it on display for a while and drew record crowds from Malay visitors anxious for a glimpse of the real supernatural. Eventually, the thing in the jar was returned to the sea... but not before hundreds of people had come to see it.+

Origin: Japan2

The Cow Head story (or "Gozu") is a Japanese urban legend about a scary story that is considered the scariest horror story ever written. It is supposed to be so terrifying that you will die of fright after hearing it. 2

According to a legend, a horrific short story called "Cow Head" was discovered in Japan in the 17th century. The actual origin of the story is still shrouded in mystery.+

Several written accounts from this era make references to the awful story. Yet, they only mention its title and describe it as a tale too terrible to tell. +

Rumors state that upon hearing the dreadful tale, listeners were overcome with a terror so great that they trembled violently for days until they finally died from fright.+

The Cow Head story was deemed too dangerous, and most existing copies of it were burned years ago. The few copies that survived were cut into sections and distributed across the country. Today, it is believed that only fragments of the original story remain in existence.+

Most of the actual details of the story remain unknown to this day. The unfortunate people who read the story never lived long enough to repeat it.+

One recent rumor tells of an elementary school teacher who inexplicably came into possession of some fragments of the original "Cow Head" story. According to the rumor, the teacher was taking his class on a school trip. He was in the habit of entertaining the students on the bus with ghost stories. The students, who tended to become unruly on long trips, grew remarkably subdued as they listened to the teacher's horrific tales. Many of them seemed truly frightened.+

After some time, the teacher announced he would tell them the legendary, forbidden tale called "Cow Head." Before he could finish the first sentence of the story, however, the children began to panic. "Stop!" they cried. "Don't tell us!" One child turned pale and covered his ears, and the others began to scream. But the teacher refused to stop. They say his eyes went blank, and he proceeded with the story as if some unseen force had taken over his mind.+

Almost an hour later, the teacher regained his senses and found that the bus had crashed into a ditch. The students had fainted and were frothing at the mouth. The bus driver lay slumped over the wheel, sweating and shivering. It is unclear what happened next, except that the teacher never told the "Cow Head" story again.+

You won't find the Cow Head story on the internet. However, as rumors go, the story starts somehow like this: +

"There is a little deserted village in the middle of nowhere and archaeologists are digging to find out why nobody lives there. They unearth a weird skeleton with the head of a cow and the body of a man. They do research and find out that years before, there was a famine. (The story then flashes back to the time of the famine). Everybody in the village is starving. They eat all the cows and horses. Then they start on the pets, dogs, and cats, etc. Then there's nothing left, and people are dying from lack of food. One day, a strange figure wanders into the village. He has the head of a cow and the body of a man. (He is the "Cow Head" or "Gozu"). The starving villagers attack him, brutally kill him, ripping him limb from limb and eat him. That is when the village becomes cursed, and all hell breaks loose..."15

Origin: Mexico+

The Severed Hands is a scary true ghost story about a haunted alley in Mexico where people are afraid to go because it is said to be haunted by two skeletal hands. It's called "El Callejón de las Manitas" or "The Alley of the Hands".+

Back in 1780, a Franciscan priest came to the city of San Luis Potosi in Mexico. He found work as a Latin teacher in one of the best schools of the time and rented a house in one of the most desolate parts of the city, called Alfalfa.+

To help him with his duties, he hired two teenage boys who lived in the area. One day, he went on a journey to visit several villages in the surrounding area and brought the boys with him. He was collecting donations for the church.+

When they came home, the priest gave the boys orders to unsaddle the horses and put them into their stalls with hay and water. The two boys went about their work, and when they finished, they were hungry, so they went home for dinner. Meanwhile, the priest was very tired, and after saying his prayers, he went to bed early.+

When it was night, the boys returned to the priest's house. When they went inside, they were horrified by what they found. The priest was lying on the floor in a pool of blood. He had been murdered.+

The boys fled in terror and ran through the streets, shouting for help. People gathered at the house, and someone had the presence of mind to alert the soldiers and doctors in the nearby military hospital. They confirmed that what the boys were saying was true. The priest had been brutally murdered.+

The city authorities immediately took on the task of investigating what happened to the poor man. They searched every corner of the city and surrounding towns, looking for suspects. They arrested several people, but without any evidence against them, they were released.+

One official at the police station was suspicious of the two boys and had them arrested. He placed them n separate rooms at the Military Hospital and began a harsh interrogation. Under such intense pressure, the boys started blaming each other.+

The younger boy said that the older one had killed the priest to steal the money he had collected from the villages. The authorities took the boys back to the priest's house, where they recovered the money and the murder weapon, a bloody dagger.+

The boys were put on trial and found guilty. The judge sentenced them to be executed. They were hung by the neck until they were dead, and then, their hands were cut off.+

The severed hands of the two teenage boys were hung on the wall on the gloomy alley outside the priest's house as a warning to others. Ever since then, the sad and lonely alleyway has been known as The Alley of the Hands. People were afraid to pass through it. Whenever they had to go down this alley, they made the sign of the cross and said a prayer. They didn't stop praying until they came out on the other side.+

After a while, the severed hands were taken down and buried. But a few days later, they were back hanging on the wall. Whenever anyone tried to remove them, they would just keep reappearing on the wall. This went on for years until the district was renovated. The alley was demolished and turned into a wide street.+

However, they say that if you go to the place where the gloomy alley once stood, on some nights in November, you will see the skeletal hands floating above you. You also might catch a glimpse of the ghost of the priest disappearing around the corner.+

The Bedroom Light is a scary urban legend that is sometimes known as "Aren't you glad you didn't turn on the light?"2

Two girls were the best of friends in school. When they went to college, they decided to live together and became roommates.+

One night, they were staying up late, trying to do some last-minute studying for a midterm exam that was scheduled for the next day.+

One of the girls was quite lazy, so she decided to give up studying and went to bed early. The other girl was a hard worker, so she stayed up late because she wanted to do well in the exam.+

During the night, the girl who stayed up remembered that she had left one of the books she needed in her bedroom. She didn't want to wake her roommate by turning on the lights. So she sneaked into the bedroom and rummaged around in the dark, looking for the book she needed.+

She heard some heavy breathing, and she whispered her roommate's name, asking if she was awake.+

There was no answer.+

Then, the girl heard something moving around in the dark, and she whispered, "Can I turn on the bedroom light?" +

There was no answer.+

The girl cleared her throat and asked again, "Can I turn on the bedroom light? I need to find something."+

Her roommate didn't respond.+

The girl sighed in frustration and continued to search for the book in the darkened bedroom. Eventually, she found the one she was looking for. The girl took the book and felt her way in the darkness towards the door.+

She stayed up all night studying and, in the morning, raced down to the exam hall to take her test. But she noticed that her roommate never showed up for the exam.+

The girl was worried about her friend. So when she got home, she rushed upstairs and knocked on her roommate's door.+

There was no answer.+

The girl was getting quite anxious at this point, so she opened the door and turned on the bedroom light. She was met with the most horrible sight she had ever laid eyes on.+

Her roommate lay motionless, sprawled on top of her bed in a pool of blood. She had been brutally murdered.+

Then the girl turned around and saw something that chilled her to the bone. Written on the wall behind her in smeared blood were the words, "Aren't You Glad You Didn't Turn On The Light?"2

Origin: Japan3

The Red Room is a scary Japanese urban legend about a pop-up that appears when you are surfing the internet. They say that if you close it, you will die.+

There was a boy who was addicted to the internet. He heard an urban legend bout The Red Room from one of his friends at school. That evening, when the boy got home, he went on the internet to see if he could find out anything more about it.+

All of a sudden, a small window popped up with a red background. Written in black was the message, "Do you like -?"+

The boy closed the window, but it popped up again. +

He tried numerous times to close it, but it just kept reappearing. Eventually, the boy noticed that the question had changed. Now, it read: "Do you like the red room?" and in the background, a child-like voice said, "Do you like the red room?"+

Just then, the screen went black, and a list of names appeared in red. At the bottom of the list, the boy saw the name of his friend... The friend who told him about The Red Room.+

All of a sudden, the boy became aware of something behind him, and he lost consciousness.+

The next day, the boy didn't turn up for school. There was a rumor going around that something had happened to him. The next day, his classmates heard the horrible news. The boy had committed suicide, painting his room red with his own blood.+

Origin: Malaysia+

A Polong is an evil spirit that is controlled by a Malaysian witch doctor (or "Bomoh"). If you are its master, you can use it to torment your enemies with madness, sickness, and eventually death.+

To summon a Polong, you put the blood of a murdered person into a bottle and use incantations and magic spells. After two weeks, you will hear a chirping noise or the sound of crying coming from the bottle. Then you cut your finger and allow the blood to drain into the bottle and feed the demon.+

This binds the Polong to you, telling it that you are its master and it is your servant.+

Nobody knows exactly what a Polong looks like. Some say it appears in the bottle as a naked woman around an inch tall. Others say that when it is let out of the bottle, it looks like an egg-shaped fiery ball.+

The Stare is a creepy story about a girl who takes the subway one night.+

A girl was sitting on the subway late one night. She noticed that the woman sitting across from her was staring intensely at her. The woman was sitting between two old men. The girl kept looking away, but the woman wouldn't break eye contact with her. The stare was beginning to freak the girl out.+

At the next stop, a new passenger got on. It was a tall man in a grey trenchcoat. He sat down next to the girl.+

The woman paid no attention to the man in the trenchcoat. She just kept staring at the girl, who was getting more and more creeped out a time went on. The two old men didn't even glance in her direction. She pretended not to notice, but each time she glanced at the strange woman, the stare continued.+

When the train was pulling into the next stop, the man in the trenchcoat got up to leave. Suddenly, he grabbed the girl's arm tightly, and as the doors opened, he dragged her off the train.+

The subway doors shut, and the train pulled off, leaving the girl alone on the platform with the man in the trenchcoat. She started screaming for help.+

"Calm down," said the man. "I just saved your life. I didn't mean to scare you, but I had to get you off that train. The woman sitting opposite you was dead, and the two men beside her were propping her up."1

Origin: Indonesia+

A Sundel Bolong is a female ghost that is similar to the Kuntilanak, with a pale face, long black hair, and long white dress.+

The only difference is that she has a large gaping hole in her back through which her internal organs can be seen.+

This is because the Sundel Bolong died while being abused and gave birth to a baby in the grave. +

She will appear as a beautiful woman walking alone on the road at night and will cover the hole in her back to hide her true nature.+

She usually preys on men but also pregnant women and steals newborn babies.+

In one version, it is said that the Sundel Bolong was a beautiful woman forced into prostitution. She was killed by a client stabbing her multiple times in the back.+

In another version, she became pregnant outside of marriage and died during childbirth. And apparently, her baby was then born out of her back, therefore the big hole in her back...2

The Sundel Bolong is also seen as a seductive woman. She lures men, and when they approach her, she shows them the bloody hole in her back where they can see her organs. This is enough to make the men lose their consciousness. +

When the men black out, the Sundel Bolong eats their organs.+

If a man rejects the Sundel Bolong, she is said to castrate him.2

Children, especially newborn babies, are taken by her to replace her lost child.2

Origin: San Antonio+

The Ghost Tracks is an urban legend from San Antonio about a railroad crossing that is said to be haunted by the ghosts of children who died there in a tragic accident when their school bus was hit by a train.1

Back in the 1940s, in San Antonio, Texas, a school bus full of children was making its way down the road and towards the intersection when it stalled on the railroad tracks. A speeding train smashed into the bus, killing 10 of the children and the bus driver.+

Since that dreadful accident many years ago, any car stopped near the railroads will be pushed by unseen hands across the tracks to safety. They say, that the spirits of the children push the cars across the tracks to prevent another accident and save the people from a tragic fate like theirs.1

As the story goes, if you park your car directly over the tracks and shift into neutral, the ghosts of the children will push it uphill, out of the way of an oncoming train. And if you cover your bumper with baby powder or flour, you can reportedly see the children's handprints on your car.+

Numerous accounts have been reported that cars do in fat inexplicably move on their own and mysterious prints are seen on vehicles.2

Others allege they have heard the voices and laughter of children while at the site. +

However, there is no record of such an accident in the newspaper archives anywhere in Texas. The road is slightly inclined, which could explain the cars moving by themselves.+

Origin: Japan+

Tomino's Hell is a Japanese urban legend about a poem that kills anyone who recites it out loud.+

In this world, there are things that you should never say out loud, and the Japanese poem "Tomino's Hell" is one of them. According to the legend, if you read this poem out loud, disaster will strike. At best, you will feel very ill or injure yourself. At worst, you could die.+

This is a rough English translation:+

Tomino's Hell+

The older sister vomits blood, the younger sister spits fire.+

Cute Tomino spits treasured jewels.+

Tomino died alone and fell into hell.+

Hell, darkness, with no flowers.+

Is it Tomino's older sister that whips?+

The number of red welts is worrisome.+

Whipping and beating and pounding,+

The path to eternal hell is only one way.+

Beg for guidance into the darkness of hell,+

From the golden sheep, from the nightingale.+

How much is left in the leather bag, +

Prepare for the endless journey into hell.+

Spring comes and into the woods and valleys,+

Seven turns in the dark valley of hell.+

In the cage is a nightingale, for the woods and the rain.+

Voicing your love for your sister.+

The echo of your cry howls through hell,+

and a blood-red flower blooms.+

Through the seven mountains and valleys of hell,+

Cute Tomino travels alone.+

To welcome you to hell,+

The glimmering spikes of the needled mountain+

Stick fresh punctures in the flesh,+

As a sign to cute Tomino.+

I don't know if it is safe to read the English translation out loud or not. But if I was you, I wouldn't do it, just to be safe.+

One person said: "I once read Tomino's Hell on the air for an online radio show called Radio Urban Legends. At first everything was normal, but gradually my body, it became difficult to read. I read half of it and then broke down and threw it away. Two days later I got injured and I was left with seven stitches. I do not want to think that this was because of the poem."+

Origin: Philippines1

The Tikbalang or "demonic horse" is a creature from Philippine folklore.+

It is a tall, bony humanoid creature that has the head and hooves of a horse. The Tikbalang also has extremely long limbs.+

The Tikbalang is said to lurk in the mountains and forests at night, looking for women to sexually assault and bring new Tikbalangs to the world.11

According to the legend, when a fetus is aborted, it comes to limbo. There the fetus is transformed into a Tikbalang.3

The Tikbalang can come off as a playful and mischievous demon to some. Yet, it can also come off as a dangerous psychopath that loves to hurt humans.+

The Tikbalangs can turn humans insane and make them disoriented, as well as introduce hallucinations to them. In many versions of the legend, the demon can present a riddle to its prey. If the prey answers correctly, then the Tikbalang will reward them with a pot filled with gold, and they are free to go. If the answer is incorrect, then the prey will remain lost in the forest.+

There are also ways to avoid a Tikbalang. If you feel the presence of a Tikbalang, you can put your shirt on backward. Or ask the creature for permission to cross the forest or not make any noise to avoid disturbing the Tikbalang.+

You can also enslave a Tikbalang. This will take three hairs from his head. If you enslave a Tikbalang, it will remain a loyal servant and will guide you out of the forest.+

The Luxury Hotel is a creepy story about a vanishing lady and a daughter who may or may not be insane.+

A mother and daughter were traveling together to Europe. When they arrived in Paris, they booked into a luxury hotel. The mother was feeling quite poorly and decided to go to bed early. The daughter was a little worried and sent for the hotel doctor, who examined the mother and wrote out a prescription. The daughter, then sent out into the city to find a pharmacy and buy the medicine for her mother.+

What should have been a simple errand ended up taking the daughter almost four hours, mainly because she spoke little to no French. She searched the entire city and eventually managed to find a pharmacy that was still open. Finally, the frustrated daughter arrived back at the hotel with the medicine, only to discover that her mother's room was completely empty. It was as if her mother had just vanished into thin air.+

In fact, the hotel room looked completely different. The carpet, the wallpaper, and the curtains all had different patterns. The bed was made and looked a if it had never been slept in. All of their luggage was nowhere to be found.+

When the confused daughter stopped a cleaning lady in the corridor and asked where her mother was, she was met with a blank stare. In fact, all of the hotel staff denied ever seeing the mother and daughter before. The hotel manager even said he had no record of them ever checking in to the hotel.+

At this point, the daughter became frantic, and she fled to the embassy, where she was greeted by sympathetic officials who wouldn't believe her story.+

Instead, they doubted that her mother ever existed and decided that the daughter must be crazy. +

Trapped in a nightmare, the young girl ended up being sent to a mental hospital, where she died years later, completely insane.+

+

Origin: Japan+

The Licca Chan Doll is a Japanese urban legend about a cute doll that is rumored to be cursed.+

According to the legend, if you throw the doll away, she will come back to get horrifying revenge.+

The Licca Chan doll is very popular in Japan. It is the Japanese equivalent of the Barbie doll. In fact, it was so popular that the company that manufactures the dolls decided to set up a phone line to promote their product.+

Kids were able to call up and speak to Licca Chan. Actually, they just listened to a recorded message. But rumors began to spread that some kids had heard Licca Chan saying creepy things like, "I'm coming to your house to kill you."+

This gave rise to the following urban legend:+

One day, a young girl was cleaning her room. Going through her possessions, she found a Licca Chan doll that she had cherished when she was a child. However, she had gotten too old to play with dolls, so she took it outside and threw it in the trash can.+

Sometime later, the girl and her parents moved to a new city. One day, she came home from school as usual. Her parents were still at work. As soon as she came through the front door, the phone in the hallway began to ring.+

When she picked it up, she heard a little voice say, "Hello, this is Licca Chan. I'm at the rubbish dump. I was abandoned, but I'm coming home."+

The young girl hung up the phone, thinking someone was playing a joke on her. A little later, the phone rang again.+

When she picked it up, the same voice said, "Hello, this is Licca Chan. I'm at the train station. Soon we'll be together again."+

She hung up the phone and began to feel a little uneasy. After a while, the phone rang again.+

When she picked it up, the same voice said, "Hello, this is Licca Chan. I'm coming down your street. Do you miss me?"+

The girl hung up again. This time, she was scared. She wondered when her parents would get home. Of course, a few minutes later, the phone rang yet again.+

The girl heard the voice saying, "Hello, this is Licca Chan. I'm outside your house. Open the door."+

Now the girl was terrified, and she kept saying to herself, "Surely it's just a joke..." She went over to the window and peered through the curtains, but there was nothing outside. The girl was relieved.+

The phone rang one last time, and when she picked it up, she heard, "Hello, this is Licca Chan, and I'm right behind you."5

Three-Legged Licca Chan+

According to the legend, the company that makes Licca Chan dolls faulted the manufacturing process. They accidentally produced a batch of dolls with three legs. The dolls had already been shipped out to stores before the error was discovered.+

Although the company hurriedly recalled all the three-legged dolls, some were not recovered and were sold to the public.+

One evening, a young woman was taking a walk in the park. She needed to go to the bathroom, so he walked into the public toilet and entered a cubicle. As she was sitting down on the toilet, she noticed something lying on the floor by her feet.+

It was a Licca-Chan doll.+

She wondered what it was doing in such a place. Had somebody thrown it away? She felt sorry for the doll and casually picked it up. She was shocked at what she saw.+

The Licca Chan doll had three legs.+

Two of the legs were normal and flesh-colored, but the third leg was deformed and hairy, and the color was a creepy purple.+

She was so startled at the sight that she accidentally dropped the doll. It lay face-down on the floor of the bathroom.+

Then, as the young woman watched in horror, the doll's head slowly turned around to face her.+

It opened its tiny mouth and said, "My name is Licca Chan, and I'm cursed. I'm cursed. I'm cursed..." +

The woman was terrified and ran away from there as fast as she could. But wherever she went, the voice followed her and continued to whisper in her ear.+

"My name is Licca Chan, and I'm cursed. I'm cursed. I'm cursed..." +

The woman's phone kept ringing, and the Licca Chan doll would be on the other end saying, "My name is Licca Chan, and I'm cursed. I'm cursed. I'm cursed..."+

Finally, the young woman could not bear it any longer, and it drove her insane. She ruptured her eardrums just so she wouldn't have to hear the voice again.+

There are other stories associated with the Three-Legged Licca Chan dolls.+

Sometimes one appears in the toilet of a school and is found by a young schoolgirl. It says, "My name is Licca Chan. Let's play a game of hide and seek." Before the schoolgirl has a chance to answer, the doll takes out a knife and stabs her, saying, "You're it!"2

In another story, the doll's third leg is made of human flesh, and it says, "My name is Licca Chan, and I'm looking for the owner of this leg."+

A different version involves a girl finding the Licca Chan doll in the toilet bowl. She is disgusted by the gross purple leg and tries to flush it down the toilet. A few days later, the girl gets into an accident, and her leg has to be amputated. As she lies in the hospital recovering, she looks down at her stump and discovers, to her horror, that a weird purple leg is growing there. Eventually, the leg takes over her entire body and kills her.+

Yet, another tale has the three-legged Licca Chan appearing by your bedside while you sleep at night. She holds a butcher knife in her hand and waits for you to notice her. When you do, she attacks you and cuts off your legs with the knife.4

Buried alive is a creepy story about an old couple who lived together in a little house on the edge of town. They had been married for so long that they knew everything about each other. They knew each other so well that they even finished each other's sentences.+

One day, the old woman fell ill, and her husband spent every day by her bedside, trying to nurse her back to health. Unfortunately, the old woman passed away, and her husband was devastated by the loss. She was his one true love.+

Soon afterward, the doctor arrived and pronounced her dead. Because it was the middle of summer, they had a small funeral service and buried her the next day. The old man was so grief-stricken that, as his wife's coffin was being lowered into the grave, he tried to jump in after her.+

The people at the funeral had to hold him back until the grave was filled in.+

Lonely and miserable, the old man returned to his empty house. +

That night, he was awakened by a strange scratching sound. It grew louder and louder, but he couldn't figure out where it was coming from. When he turned over in bed, he was met with a terrifying sight.+

He saw a figure of a woman standing outside his bedroom window. With horror, he realized it was his wife. Her eyes were sunken and hollow. Her mouth was open wide in a silent scream, and her fingers were clawing at the window pane. When he ran to the window and opened it, the figure vanished into thin air.+

He phoned the doctor immediately and begged to have his wife's body exhumed from the grave. The doctor refused to allow the coffin to be dug up, telling the old man that he was just suffering from stress after his wife's death. But the old man continued to see the same ghostly apparition outside his window every night.+

Finally, the old man couldn't stand it anymore. He got out of bed, got dressed, grabbed a shovel, and headed for the graveyard. He came to his wife's grave and began digging and digging. When he eventually unearthed his wife's coffin and pried open the lid, he recoiled in horror. His wife's mouth was wide open, frozen in a silent scream, there were scratch marks all over the inside of the coffin lid and her fingers were worn down to the bone.+

Origin: Mexico+

Monterrey House is a scary urban legend about a haunted house in Mexico and the horrible murders that occurred there.+

There is a haunted house in Monterrey, Mexico. Locals call it "La Casa de Aramberri" (The House of Aramberri). It has been visited many times by paranormal investigators. They say that the souls of two women who were brutally murdered there can never rest in peace.+

Today, the House of Aramberri is very neglected, but many years ago, it was the home of the wealthiest family in Monterrey. In 1933, a man lived there with his wife, Florinda, and their daughter Antonieta. Little did the happy family know that the house would soon become the scene of a horrible and vicious crime that was caused by human greed.+

One morning, the father went to work, leaving his wife and daughter alone in the house. Soon afterward, three men broke in and attacked the two women. The burglars thought there was a large chest full of silver coins that were hidden in the house, and they demanded to know the location. These men tortured the wife and daughter in the dining room and eventually killed them.+

When the bodies were found, they say it was one of the most horrific, bloody, and cruel crimes ever seen in the area. The housewife and her daughter had been almost decapitated. Their heads were hanging on by a thread. The people of Monterrey were shaken and appalled by the brutal murder.+

The police were faced with a very tough investigation because there was no sign that the front doors had been forced, and as there were no witnesses to the crime apart from the family pet.+

However, the family pet was a parrot, and it proved to be instrumental in capturing the murderers. While the police were examining the house, the pet parrot began screeching in Spanish, "No me mates, Gabriel! No me mates, Gabriel!" which means, "Don't kill me, Gabriel! Don't kill me, Gabriel!"+

They realized that the parrot was repeating the last words of its owner. The police then questioned the father and found out that his nephew's name was Gabriel. They arrested the nephew, and under questioning, he confessed to killing the two women. He told the police that he had planned the robbery with two brothers who owned a nearby butcher's shop.+

The three murderers were arrested by the police, who gave them a special brand of justice that was sometimes applied in Mexico many years ago. They called it the "The Law of Flight" or "The Law of Escape". The police drove the three criminals out into the desert, then allowed them to escape, and shot them in the back as they fled. Their bodies were transported back to Monterrey and put on display to the public.+

Ever since that time, this Monterrey house has been plagued by many supernatural events. Many people reported seeing the ghosts of the two murdered women lurking in the dining room. Others said that, at night, they could often hear the terrible cries of the mother and daughter pleading with their murderers and screaming, "Don't kill me, Gabriel! Don't kill me, Gabriel!" +

The main bedroom of the house contains a portrait of the mother and, they say that her face changes and becomes disfigured. According to the witnesses, a terrible tension can be felt in the house and, until you leave, you will be followed by the strong smell of sulfur.+

According to the legend, those who have heard the screams of the two unfortunate women who lost their lives in this place say their souls will never rest in peace.+

The story of the House of Aramberri has become famous throughout Mexico over the years, and recently, the case got even more attention when a couple of reporters visited the house. They were looking for evidence of a haunting, and, when they left, the reporters were involved in a car accident. When recordings they had made were later reviewed, they could clearly hear distant cries and hollow moans on the tape.+

The house had to be closed to the public because teenagers would often break in and trespass, hoping to witness some supernatural event. The authorities erected a big wire fence across the front of the house but, the interior is still visible from the street. Locals say that if you walk past the house at night, you can hear the cries of the souls that are in pain, and sometimes, if you look in the windows, you can catch a glimpse of the shadowy figures of the ghostly tenants who may never leave.+

Origin: Japan+

Sadako Yamamura is the ghost girl from The Ring movies who appears in a cursed videotape. Her story was based on a real girl named Sadako who, was a psychic and lived in Japan in the early 1900s. Her psychic ability was that she was able to project words and images onto film.2

When Sadako was a young girl, she was sad and depressed. She rarely spoke and never played with other children.+

 She spent all of her time alone.+

Sadako's mother was a psychic, and she conducted several experiments with a psychic researcher named Dr. Fukurai. When the doctor published the results of his experiments, other scientists accused Sadako's mother of being a fraud and said that she faked her psychic abilities.+

Sadako's mother was so distraught by all the criticism that she committed suicide.+

Sadako was devasted by her mother's death and lived with her father on a remote island. As Sadako grew older, she developed psychic powers of her own. When her father learned of her psychic powers, he brought her to Dr. Fukurai in Tokyo.+

The doctor forced Sadako to participate in many experiments that involved using her mind to make words and images appear on photographic film. In Japan, they call this "Nensha", which means Thought-photography or thoughtographs. Sadako produced a number of these thoughtographs, and nobody could explain how it was done.+

Dr. Fukurai wanted to publish another book, but remembering what happened to her mother, Sadako refused. She told him she was going to leave and would never return.+

Nobody knows for sure what happened after that. Some people believe that the doctor murdered Sadako. They say he lured her out to the woods near the hospital and strangled her. Then, he threw her body down a nearby well and sealed it with large rocks to keep her hidden forever.+

However, Sadako was not really dead. When she woke up, she was trapped in the well and couldn't get out. She attempted to escape by scaling the walls but failed every time, breaking off her nails and fingertips in the process.+

The poor girl survived in the well for seven days before she finally died with her heart full of hate. With her last breath, she vowed to have her revenge on the world.+

Sadako's rage and terror and how she died combined with her psychic powers created a horrible curse or grudge. This resulted in a series of inexplicable images being projected into a mysterious unmarked videotape.+

Sadako appears in the videotape as a shadowy young woman dressed in a white gown. Her face is covered by long black hair. They say that if you watch the video, you will die in seven days.+

The only way to avoid the curse is to make a copy of the videotape and give it to somebody else.+

Origin: Virginia6

The Bunny Man is a scary legend about an escaped mental patient who haunts a bridge in Clifton, Virginia.1

After the civil war, Fairfax Couty, Virginia, became more populated, and eventually, an insane asylum was built there. No one wanted to live near the asylum, and because of public outrage, the institution was shut down.+

The administration transferred the patients, and in 1904 the process was completed. During the transfer, some of the patients escaped. They hid in the surrounding woods and forest. These individuals were lost, delusional, and dangerous. Most of them were found except Marcus Lawster and Douglas Griffen. The local authorities found a trail they believed belonged to them, littered with half-eaten mutilated bunnies.+

The trail led deep into the woods to a tunnel bridge crossing a wide creek. There they found Marcus hanging from the tunnel entrance. There was a note attached to his foot that said, "You'll never find me, no matter how hard you try! Signed, The Bunny Man."+

That tunnel has been called Bunny Man Bridge ever since.2

The legend says that if you walk down the tunnel at around midnight, the Bunny Man will grab you and hang you from the entrance of the bridge.+

Strange deaths and phenomena have been connected with the Bunny Man Bridge. There was a young man from Clifton, Virginia, who came upon the bridge while traveling. Later, he killed his parents and dragged their bodies into the woods to hang them from the bridge. He then killed himself.+

In 1943, three teenagers (two men and a young woman) were at the Bunny Man Bridge for Halloween night. The three youths were found dead, hung from the bridge with their bodies slashed open. All with notes attached to their feet saying the same thing, "You'll never catch the Bunny Man!"+

In 2001, after hearing the tale, six local students and a guide searched the area. They found mutilated bunny parts during their search. The group left the forest after they heard noises and saw figures moving around in the woods.+

Origin: India & Pakistan4

Pichal Peri is an urban legend from India and Pakistan.+

The female demonic figure impersonates and disguises as beautiful brides, luring men into a deathly and horrifying trap.+

The name Pichal Peri roughly translates into Back-footed - this is because Pichal Peri's feet point backward.+

They say that if you shout "Pichal Peri" while being close to the woods, she will appear in front of you. However, the outcome of the said encounter is unknown - some say she comes and goes without causing any harm, others say she attacks the callers.+

There are two variations of Pichal Peri:+

In the first variation, as mentioned above, the Pichal Peri appears as a beautiful bride asking men for help. The men help her, but as soon as anyone sees her feet, she disappears without causing harm.+

In the second variation, Pichal Peri turns into a demonic witch, who is twenty feet tall with a long face, has dirty nails, a hunchback, wears bloodied clothes, has large circular eyes, and black hair that covers her face.+

Villagers, especially elders, believe that locals and tourists often go missing when they go to the woods alone at the wrong time - they are never found.+

The villagers blame Pichal Peri for the disappearances.+

They believe that some of the mountain peaks are extremely haunted by these demonic beings, and that is why many mountain climbers go missing.+

Libertyville in Nothern Illions is famous for a scary urban legend about a creepy-looking gate on a deserted country road and the horrifying events that occurred there.+

If you drive about a mile north of Libertyville, down the desolate and secluded River Road, you'll come to a place where the road makes a sharp right turn. If you look very closely, set back from the road, you will find a menacing-looking iron gate.+

According to local legend, in the 1920s, the Libertyville gate was the entrance to an exclusive girls' finishing school. It was a quiet and polished place where young girls from Chicago's well-to-do families were able to receive a proper education.+

All went well until one terrible night in the 1950s when the school principal snapped and killed four of the young girls in his care. As the legend goes, the mild-mannered principal inexplicably lost his mind one night, and in a fit of madness, murdered the girls. Then, for unknown reasons, he chopped off their heads, carried them down to the gate, and placed them on top of the spikes.+

Their bodies were never found, and the principal was arrested and charged for his crime. The authorities tried to hush up the whole incident, but parents refused to send their children to the school, and it had to close down.+

As time went on, the horrible murders were forgotten. The girls' school was demolished, and by the 1950s, the property was being used as a sleep-away camp for boys.+

All was well until one horrible night in 1963 - that is when a camp counselor discovered that four young boys were missing from their tent. In the dark, the counselors searched the grounds for the missing children, but they couldn't find a trace of them. As it grew lighter, they approached the gate and discovered the remains of the missing boys. Their severed heads had been stuck on the spikes of the iron gate. Their bodies were never found, and their killer was never identified.+

The police suspected that one of the camp counselors had committed the crime, but there was never enough evidence to prove it. After the scandal, the camp was forced to close down, and the property has lain vacant ever since.+

It is said that the gate is haunted by the children who died there. People passing by the gate at night claim to have heard the sounds of children crying and screaming. Others claim to have seen blood running down the wrought iron supports of the gate.+

They say that if you go to the gate at midnight on the anniversary of the murders, you will see the phantom heads of the girls and the boys appear on the rusted spikes. Their eyes will be staring straight at you, and their mouths will be moving, stretching wide open as if they are silently screaming.+

But, if you and our friends ever decide to go and visit the gate at night, just be careful. They say that the area can have a strange effect on people's minds. You just may notice one of your friends starting to act in a very bizarre manner, and the next morning it could be your head that is found on the top of the rusty spikes of the Libertyville gate.3

Origin: Japan+

The Face Powder Hag (or Oshiroibaba) is a demon from Japanese mythology. She tries to trick pretty young girls into using her special white face powder, claiming it will make them more beautiful.1

Oshiroibaba (or The Face Powder Hag) is an old woman who walks through the snow wearing an oversized hat, leaning on a cane, and carrying a vial of white powder. Her wrinkled face is caked in layers of white makeup.+

She appears on cold nights, asking pretty young girls if they would like to try some of her special face powder. She says that if they use it to powder to their faces, it will make them look more beautiful.+

However, as soon as the white powder touches their face, the girls experience a horrible burning sensation. Their skin starts peeling, and their flesh starts to rot and fall from their faces, leaving nothing but a skull. Oshiroibaba steals the flesh and uses it for her own purposes.3

Origin: Cordoba, Spain+

The Gold Coins is a ghost story from Spain about a haunted house and a young girl who discovers some hidden treasure in the middle of the night.+

The story of the gold coins is an urban legend that can be heard all over the city of Cordoba in Spain. Over the years, it has passed from person to person by word of mouth. According to the legend, in the center of Cordoba, there is an old, dilapidated house that is said to be haunted. The house is very big and has many rooms. All of the floors are covered in black tiles.+

Many years ago, it was owned by one of the most important and wealthy families in the city. The family consisted of a man, his wife, and their eight-year-old daughter. They also had a team of servants and maids who lived with them.+

One night, when the little girl was lying in bed, unable to sleep, she heard some noises in the corridor outside her room. Being a very curious child, she slowly opened the door of her bedroom and looked out into the long, dark corridor.+

At the end of the hallway, she could make out a small figure, crouching down. As her eyes adjusted to the darkness, she was surprised to see a young boy, the same age as herself. He was carrying a lighted candle in his hand and he was lifting one of the small stone slabs on the tiled floor. She watched as the young boy took something from his pocket and placed it beneath the tile. After he replaced the tile, the boy suddenly vanished into thin air.3

The girl couldn't believe what she was seeing. She looked back down the corridor and noticed that one of the maids had been peeking out of her own bedroom door and had witnessed the same strange scene. The maid grabbed a candle and came hurrying over to the little girl. They both knew what they had seen. The young boy was a ghost.+

Together, they cautiously approached the place where the boy has been crouching. They lifted the tile and discovered that there was a large hole underneath it. Peering down into the hole, by the dim light of the candle, they noticed something glittering.+

The maid held up the slab as she lowered the little girl into the hole. The child could not believe what she found. It was a pile of gold coins. Shaking with excitement, she gathered up the coins and handed them to the maid. Then, the maid grabbed her by the hand and pulled her out of the hole. They replaced the tile and it fit back perfectly, looking like it had never been moved.+

The maid could hardly believe her luck and the child could barely contain her excitement. Both of them decided that they should keep the discovery of the gold coins a secret. The maid warned the little girl not to mention anything about their find to her parents or the other servants.+

The next night, at the same time, the girl and the maid were peeking out of their bedroom doors, eagerly waiting for the ghostly little boy to appear. They watched as the spectral figure made its way down the corridor, lifted a tile, and placed some gold coins into the hole beneath. After he disappeared, the maid lowered the girl into the hole under the slab so that she could retrieve the gold coins.+

Night after night, they repeated the same process. It seemed as if the treasure would never end. Each time, by the light of the candle, the girl got down into the small, narrow hole under the tile and gave the coins to the maid, who put them inside a big sack.+

One night, the candle was almost finished and the maid lowered the girl into the hole. The light started to flicker. The maid told the little girl to hurry up. She had to get out of the hole before the candle went out because they already had enough money.+

She pulled the little girl out of the hole, but at the last moment, one of the coins fell from the child's hands. Without thinking, the little girl jumped back into the hole again. The maid tried to catch her, but in doing so, she let go of the tile and it slammed down, covering the hole.1

Suddenly, the candle went out.+

The maid began to panic. In the darkness, she tried to make her way down the corridor to her bedroom to fetch another candle. It was pitch black and she couldn't see a thing. She had to feel her way along the wall until she reached her bedroom door. Searching desperately in the dark, she couldn't find any candles.+

With a lot of difficulties, the maid felt her way down the darkened corridor until she came to the kitchen. She rummaged through the drawers and eventually came across another candle. She lit it quickly and returned to the corridor.+

To her horror, the maid couldn't remember which tile the little girl was under. In the dim light, she searched, prying at each tile, but the corridor was so long and so wide and there were so many tiles that she was unable to find the right one. Finally, she gave up, and clutching her bag of gold coins, she went back to bed.+

In the morning, the little girl's parents woke up to find that their daughter had disappeared. They questioned the servants, but each one said they had no idea where the little girl could be. A complete search of the house was organized but it turned up to be nothing. The distraught parents were baffled by their daughter's mysterious disappearance. The maid decided to not say anything about what happened last night.+

A few days later, the mother was crying in her bedroom, when she heard a voice calling out. She recognized the voice immediately. It was the voice of her daughter. The little girl was crying out for someone to help her.+

"Please, help me! Let me out of here, please!"+

The mother searched the house again. Sometimes the screams seemed to be coming from one part of the house, but when she got there, the screams sounded like they were coming from somewhere else. Try as they might, the parents could not pinpoint the source of the screams.+

The after dug up the floors, demolished the walls and punched holes in the ceilings, all in an effort to figure out where the girl's cries for help were coming from. After almost destroying the interior of the house, the parents were forced to admit defeat.+

For months, they lived in the building, listening to the incessant cries of their beloved daughter, unable to do anything to find her. All of this took its toll on their mental health and physical health. Eventually, the mother lost her mind and ended her life. The father, devastated by grief, moved away and died of a heart attack a few years later.+

The people of Cordoba say that this is a true story and the house is still standing today. According to the legend, if you go there at night, they say you can still hear the screams of the little girl, pleading for help. The house has become famous all over Spain and sometimes teenagers visit the place at night to test their courage and see if they can find any gold coins. Others go there to explore the huge building in an attempt to discover where the remains of the little girl are located. As yet, nobody has been brave enough to spend the night there.+

The house is now boarded up and the neighbors often call the police because of the strange cries and screams that come from within. They say that when the police arrive to investigate, the only thing they find is an old candle, sitting on an old stone tile in the middle of the floor.+

Origin: Peru+

The Yellow House is a scary true ghost story about a haunted house named "La Casa Matusita" in Liam, Peru. This is the most famous urban legend in Peru.+

There is a strange, bright yellow house in Lima, Peru that is said to be cursed. The name of the house is "La Casa Matusita" and according to legend, a group of people met a grisly end on the 2nd floor of the old building.+

Many years ago, an old man lived in the yellow house. He didn't have a wife or children and lived with his servants, a butler, and a cook. The man occupied the 2nd floor of the yellow house and his servants lived on the ground floor.+

The man was ill-tempered and treated his servants very badly, constantly mistreating them. The servants were filled with hatred for the old man and vowed to someday get their revenge. They came up with a plan to publicly embarrass their employer.+

One day, the old man was holding a dinner party. When his guests arrived and were seated in the dining room, the servants decided to take their revenge. They had obtained illegal hallucinogenic drugs (LSD) and put them in the food they were serving to the man and his guests.+

Then the servants walked out, quietly locking the dining room door behind them, They retired to the kitchen to await the results of their plan. After about 15 minutes, they heard angry voices and the sound of plates smashing. They chuckled to themselves. This was followed by violent yells and blood-freezing screams. The servants began to get worried.+

After the noises had died down, the butler and the cook opened the door of the dining room and were horrified by the gruesome scene they discovered inside. The walls and ceiling were splattered with blood. On the floor lay mangled bodies with body parts - eyes, hands, internal organs, severed heads. The faces of the guests were twisted masks of hate and terror.1

Each and every guest at the dinner party, including the old man, had met a brutal and terrifying end. Driven insane by the hallucinogenic drugs, the guests had murdered each other in the most appealing ways imaginable.+

The sight of so much savagery caused the servants to lose their minds. Horrified by the massacre they had caused and fearing they would be executed by the law, the servants took their own lives.+

Ever since then, the yellow house in Peru had a reputation for being haunted. Most people were afraid to go near the place. It is said that the house began to fall to ruin until it was purchased years later by a property developer.+

Later, a Japanese family moved into the house. They were completely unaware of the history of the old building and of its fearsome reputation. The night they moved in, the husband took a knife and murdered his entire family before killing himself.3

After that, the house lay vacant for many years until a local priest was asked to perform an exorcism there. The owners wanted the house to be cleansed so that it could be sold. The priest entered the first floor with no problem. It was when he set foot on the second, that he had a panic attack that resulted in his death.+

Another of the best-known cases is that of Humberto Vera Vilchez. In the 1960s, a television host made a bet live on air, saying that he would be able to spend seven nights alone inside the house. He managed to stay one night, and the next morning, he was found lying outside on the pavement. He had lost his mind and had to be confined to a mental asylum. he was never heard from again.+

It is said that from time to time, ghostly screams and yells can be heard coming from La Casa Matusita. Some people have even seen ghostly figures lurking in the 2nd-floor windows. Today, the 1st floor of the yellow house is rented out to a business. The 2nd floor is kept unoccupied and securely locked. According to legend, if a group of people goes to stay the night on the 2nd floor of the yellow house, they will go insane during the night and slaughter each other, re-enacting the terrible events that happened there years before.+

The Speed Bumps is a scary urban myth about a road in New Jersey that is haunted by 13 dead witches.+

According to the legend, there is a certain road in Watchung, New Jersey known as 13 Bumps Road. It is a long and winding road and when you drive up it, there are 13 large bumps in the middle of the road. They say that, centuries ago, 13 witches were killed and buried on the road.+

As the story goes, in the mid-1700s, there were 13 sisters who plagued the local town of Feltville, which is now part of the Watchung Reservation. The sisters formed a coven of 13 witches and cast spells on early settlers of the mountain range. They were responsible for killing many of the children of the settlers.+

Supposedly, the settlers took matters into their hands one day and killed all 13 witches by hanging them from trees somewhere in the mountains. Then they proceeded to burn the witches and buried their remains on the dirt road.1

Many years later, when the road was paved, 13 bumps emerged out of the ground. The townsfolk dug up the road, leveled off the bumps, and paved it over. One week after the paving of the road, the 13 bumps in the middle of the road had returned.+

Every time they try to remove the bumps, they just reappear. They say that the witches wanted to remind the townsfolk of what they had done.+

Legend has it that if you count the bumps as you drive along the road and you only count 12, then you're supposed to get the hell out of there because there is a witch following your car.+

You're supposed to drive over the bumps and count them, then say "thirteen witches" out loud. If you look behind you, the witches would be chasing you.+

This road has become a major attraction for teenagers who go out on dates and drive over the thirteen bumps. They tell the story of the witches and the 13 bumps and freak each other out.+

Resurrection Mary is a famous ghost story about Archer Avenue in Chicago, Illinois. According to the legend, there have been numerous sightings of a ghostly young woman near Resurrection Cemetary wearing a long, white, flowing gown.+

Back in the 1930s, a young woman named Mary attended a dance and had an argument with her boyfriend. Mary ran out into the night and hitchhiked down Archer Avenue on that cold winter night. She was hit by a car and killed on impact. The driver fled the scene of the accident.+

Mary was buried in Resurrection Cemetary, and ever since then, her ghost had been spotted walking down Archer Avenue and also at the ballroom where she danced that fateful night.+

People who see Resurrection Mary say she is a young blond-haired, blue-eyed girl, dressed in a long white ball gown and dancing shoes. Some drivers have actually stopped and let her into their cars. They say her skin is cold and clammy to the touch. She always asks them to let her out at the cemetery gates and then suddenly disappears into thin air.+

In 1976, a passerby called the police after noticing a woman who appeared to be locked inside the Resurrection Cemetary. When the police arrived, the woman was nowhere to be seen but there was physical evidence that the bars on the gate were bent apart. Not only that, her ghostly handprints were embedded in the bars.+

Origin: Peru+

El Tunchi or "The Whistling Sound" is a scary legend from Peru about an evil spirit that haunts the rainforest.+

The Whistling Sound is a well-known legend in the Peruvian rainforest. Stories about the evil spirit they call "El Tunchi" have been passed from generation to generation in Peru. They say it is the ghost of a troubled man who wandered off, became lost and disoriented, and died in the rainforest.+

His evil spirit now roams through the forest, whistling at those unlucky enough to cross his path. His whistling sound is so high-pitched and as it goes on, it gets louder and louder until it is almost unbearable. "Fiu fiu fiu fiu fiu fiu fiu."+

The natives who know the story say that if you hear the whistling sound, you must beware. Make the sign of a cross and say a prayer. Cover your ears if you must, but never acknowledge that you hear anything. If you do, the sound will only get louder as El Tunchi draws nearer and nearer. Whatever you do, you must never answer El Tunchi's whistle. If you whistle back, El Tunchi will come for you and kill you in the most hideous way imaginable.2

Legend has it that there was a young Catholic nun, named Sister Bernadette, who had just taken her vows in Spain. She was sent to Peru as a missionary and joined a group of nuns who had been living and doing charity work in a small village in the rainforest.+

Soon afterward, the nuns took a trip by boat to visit a remote village in the rainforest. That night, the nuns gathered in the center of the village to say the rosary before going to bed. This was a tradition they observed every night.+

During the second Hail Mary, the young Sister Bernadette interrupted the prayers.+

"What is that whistling sound?" She asked.+

The older nuns did not answer her and continued with their prayers.+

"Can't you hear it?" She asked again. "It's a high-pitched whistling sound."+

"There is no whistling sound," replied one of the older nuns nervously.+

"You must hear it," insisted Sister Bernadette. "It's almost like the sound of a fingernail scraping against a blackboard, but it's somehow different... like the whistle of some strange creature."+

"You don't hear it and neither do we," hissed another nun.+

The old nuns eyes each other nervously and remained silent. Sister Bernadette was surprised by their bizarre behavior.+

"What? You must be able to hear it! It's getting louder! It's awful!" She cried, and with that, she began whistling, answering the strange sound.+

The moment the young nun answered the whistling sound, it abruptly ceased. Sister Bernadette continued whistling, despite the protests of the other nuns. The older nuns blessed themselves, making the sign of the cross, and said a prayer.+

The nuns all went to bed as usual. That same night, while they were all asleep, they heard a piercing scream coming from the room in which Siter Bernadette was staying. The older nuns rushed to help her, but when they opened the door, they recoiled in horror.+

The room was covered from floor to ceiling in blood, and Sister Bernadette was nowhere to be found. Days later, her body was discovered deep within the rainforest, hanging from a tree. Her throat had been torn out and her arms and legs were broken and twisted at odd angles. Most distressing of all was the look of unimaginable horror that remained frozen on her face.+

Officially, she was listed as having been killed by a wild animal, but the old nuns knew what had happened to her. The local villagers had told them all about El Tunchi and the terrible fate that awaited anyone who answered its strange whistling call.+

The Little Witch of Pilot's Knob is a strange and scary legend surrounding a young girl who was buried in a concrete grave in Marion, Kentucky.1

Years ago, back in 1916, a woman named Mary Louise Ford and her five-year-old daughter, Mary Ellen Ford, were living in Pilot's Knob. Both mother and daughter were accused of being witches and the superstitious villagers were too terrified to wait and bring them to trial. Instead, they dragged the mother and the daughter out of their house and burned them alive at the stake.+

They buried the mother's body somewhere else, but they were afraid that the little witch would come back from the dead in search of revenge. So the fearful villagers made sure they took precautions to protect themselves. They buried her right there in Pilot's Knod in a steel-reinforced coffin. After they lowered it into her grave, they filled it in with concrete. Then, they put gravel all over the top and built a metal fence all around the grave site. The fence was made from interconnected white crosses, which the villagers believed would keep the ghost of the little witch trapped inside.+

According to legend, the little witch's ghost paces back and forth behind the fence. They say that she is still searching for her mother who was buried elsewhere, but she cannot escape the confines of the fence.+

Some people have seen the tiny child's footprints in the gravel over her grave. Locals believe that if you visit the little witch's grave alone and get too close, her hands will come up from the grave, grab hold of you, and drag you down into the concrete.+

Those who have seen her say she wears a white dress that is scorched at the bottom and her long, blond hair smolders at the ends.4

People who live in the area advise visitors not to go near the grave site. "I never go there," said one local, "No one does. There is a lot of stuff that goes on up there." Other locals will tell you that you need to "turn around and not go into that cemetery."+

Origin: Virginia+

The Great Dismal Swamp in Virginia has a rich legacy of ghost sightings dating back some 100 years.+

The Great Dismal Swamp is vast and ancient, sprawling across the borders of Virginia and North Caroline. Tall, twisted cypress trees rise eerily from the murky waters. Spanish moss clings to their branches and their tangled, exposed roots. Wild creatures roam through the undergrowth and the cries of birds echo in the distance. Desolate wilderness extends as far as the eye can see and the entire area is bathed in a strange green glow.+

At the very of Dismal Swamp, lies a moss-green tarn called Lake Drummond. It was named after William Drummond, who went exploring in the swamp with a group of hunters. The only one who came back from the doomed expedition was Drummond. He staggered out of the undergrowth, his clothes ragged and his body nearly dead from starvation and his mind nearly insane from fear. He kept babbling incoherently about strange forces at work in the swamp.+

The famous ghost story of the Great Dismal Swamp begins with two young lovers. A boy and a girl were about to be married but on the eve of the wedding, the girl went out walking in Dismal Swamp. She was never seen again.+

After a few weeks, people believed she must be dead and gave up searching for her. But the boy never gave up on hope. Maddened by grief, he became convinced that the girl was not dead but lost in Dismal Swamp.+

He heard stories from local men who had spotted a ghostly girl dressed in white wandering through the swamp. The boy went out every night, exploring the depths of the swamp, searching for his lost love.+

One night, the boy didn't return. Even though the people in the area searched for him for weeks, his body was never found.+

Through the years, many hunters and fishermen claim to have seen the ghostly young girl paddling a white canoe through the swamp at night, lighting her way with a fire-fly lamp.+

But oft from the Indian hunter camp,+

The lover and maid so true,+

Are seen at the hour of midnight damp,+

To cross the lake by firefly lamp,+

And paddle their white canoe.+

One night, a man went down to the swamp and was astonished to see two people walking ahead of him toward the lake. He noticed that they were wearing very odd clothing. The woman was wearing a long dress and the man was carrying a fishing pole. When he walked up to them, they vanished into thin air.+

Another man was paddling his canoe at night when he suddenly saw a lady dressed in a long white flowing gown standing by the water's edge. When he passed by her, she just stared at him. When he looked back over his shoulder, she had vanished and in her place was an eerie white mist.+

The Hatchet Lady is a scary urban legend about a ghostly woman that haunts lovers' lanes and preys on kissing couples. Some say she appears in Red Rocks in Denver, Colorado. Others claim she is in Moon Point Cemetery in Illinois, Arbor Hill in Albany, New York, or Buie Park in Stamford, Texas.1

Back in the 1880s, there was a beautiful young woman who was engaged to be married to a local man. The night before the wedding, she caught him cheating on her with another woman. She flew into a furious rage and grabbed a hatchet. She brutally attacked him, swinging the hatchet until all of her rage was spent and she had hacked him to pieces.+

Ever since then, they say The Hatchet Lady haunts lovers' lanes. If a young couple happens to be out after midnight, the Hatchet Lady becomes infuriated and is likely to appear. They say she is an old woman with black eyes and she carries a hatchet in her hand that is covered in blood.+

One night, a teenage boy decided to play a prank on his girlfriend. It was supposed to be a joke. He got one of his friends to dress as The Hatchet Lady, with a wig, a black cloak, and a hatchet covered in red paint. The teenager was going to take his girlfriend and another young couple and drive out to where the Hatchet Lady was supposed to appear. The plan was that when they got there, the boy's friend was supposed to jump out of the bushes in the creepy costume and scare everyone.1

The two young couples showed up and parked the car in a deserted lovers' lane. It was after midnight and they waited for something to happen. The teenage boy shouted out The Hatchet Lady's name nine times. Just then, a shadowy figure emerged from the trees. As it came closer, they saw that it was an old woman with black eyes and she was holding a hatchet.+

The boy was laughing because his girlfriend and the others were scared out of their wits. His window was down and his arm was leaning on it. All of a sudden, the woman swung her hatchet and hacked off his arm. Everybody in the car was splattered with blood.+

They managed to get away and doctors at the local hospital managed to save the boy's life. They say his girlfriend went insane and spent some time in a mental hospital. The other couple in the back seat was extremely traumatized. As it turned out, the friend who was supposed to play the prank on them was found dead in the bushes. They say he had been dead for hours before any of this happened.1

Origin: Ohio1

The Mongoloid House is located on Salem Road in Marion County, Ohio. It is an old, broken-down house with a barn beside it. They say it's haunted. According to the urban legend, a Civil War veteran who lived there killed his wife, set the house on fire, and then hung himself.+

Everyone in Marion County, Ohio has heard the legend of the Mongoloid House. Today, the house is abandoned and there is graffiti on the walls saying "Leave while you can!" and "This is hell!" According to the legend, the house was the site of a number of gruesome murders and it is now said to be haunted.+

As the story goes, the first occupants of the house were a Civil War veteran and his wife. The couple couldn't have kids, but when the wife suddenly got pregnant, the husband was suspicious. She ended up giving birth to two children, a boy, and a girl. However, the children were deformed.+

The husband refused to believe that the children were his and became convinced that his wife had been cheating on him. One terrible night, the couple had a fight and the man flew into a rage. He killed his wife with a shotgun, then he set the house on fire and hung himself from the rafters.+

Somehow, the children escaped from the blaze and they continued to live in the burned-out shell of a house, surrounded by the charred corpses of their parents. As the years passed, the children grew up and had children of their own. With each successive generation, the children that were born became more and more deformed.+

They say that back in the 1960s, the family who lived on the property was peculiar-looking, with hunched backs, high foreheads, big heads, stocky builds, and close-set eyes. Some people claimed that the family was mentally challenged or handicapped.+

Teenagers would often drive by the house and antagonize the family by honking their horns or harassing them by shining flashlights on the house. The people in the house would come running out and throw rocks at the cars and beat on them with baseball bats.+

The family would often be seen hanging from trees like monkeys or jumping out of ditches at passersby. Some say they would fire shotguns into the air as a warning or even shoot at cars. Others claimed they had paths through fields and would use them to cut through and come out in front of your car, blocking you. If you got out of your car, they would chase you down and kill you.+

Today, the Mongoloid house is abandoned and nobody knows what happened to that family. They say that if you visit the barn, you might hear strange noises and smell the stench of sulfur in the second story. The house is also said to be haunted, and if you go into the basement of the house for more than two to five minutes, you start to feel invisible hands touching you.+

Origin: Argentina+

The Death Cab is a spooky urban legend from Argentina about a taxi that is said to lurk outside the cemeteries, waiting for an unwitting victim to step inside so it can take them on a chilling journey to their doom.+

In Argentina, there is an urban legend that has spread by word of mouth. People take taxis every day. It's something you do almost without thinking. If it is late or it is raining, you might hail a cab to take you to your destination.+

However, in Argentina, they say that you should never hail a cab outside a cemetery. If you do, you may unknowingly be stepping into the dreaded "Taxi de los muertos" - The Death Cab.+

Legend has it that this supernatural taxi of death lurks outside cemeteries, waiting for an unwitting victim to get inside. As the story goes, a young Argentinian woman named Claudia was on her way home one night. She had left work quite late and it was raining heavily. She was too tired to walk all the way to her apartment, so she decided to take a taxi home instead.1

As she walked down the lonely street that led past the cemetery, she suddenly saw a taxi coming towards her. She held out her hand and hailed the cab. When it stopped, she climbed in and gave the driver her address.+

Sitting in the back seat, wiping the rain from her brow, she suddenly began to feel very cold - much colder than she had ever felt before. Looking around, she noticed that the windows were covered with ice. It was then that she realized they were going the wrong way.1

She was about to say something to the driver when she caught sight of his hands on the steering wheel. His skin was pale and leathery and his fingers were almost skeletal. She couldn't see his face in the rearview mirror.+

"We're going the wrong way," she blurted out.+

The driver didn't answer. He just kept on driving as if he hadn't heard her.+

When she raised her hand to touch his shoulder, the driver slowly turned his head. Claudia screamed in horror. His face looked like a corpse. The skin was withered and clung tightly to the bones.+

She tried to open the back door and jump out, but the door handle came off in her hands. She tried to put the window down but the button didn't work. She saw a young couple walking down the street, so she shouted to them and banged on the window, trying to attract their attention. They didn't hear her.+

The taxi continued on its way, seemingly unstoppable.+

Claudia became frantic. Desperate to escape, she attacked the driver and tried to scratch his face with her nails. His rotten skin came off in her hands, revealing the gleaming skull underneath.3

The taxi began to speed up, going faster and faster along the rain-soaked city streets. Claudia looked behind her and on the back window she saw a sign that read:+

"Prepare to die!"1

Claudia was never seen again.+

No one knows for certain whether or not this urban legend is true. The only ones who know for sure are the people who have been kidnapped by the death cab and they can never tell us what happened to them. But just in case, take care, and if you are walking by a cemetery, never ever call a cab.+

The Little Boy is a creepy true story about a young boy named Larry, who was lost when his father's truck crashed in the desert and he was trapped inside. Nobody knows if it was real or just a hoax. 1

One hot, sweltering summer, many years ago, people who lived in New Mexico began picking up strange messages on their CB radios. The messages were from a little boy who said his name was Larry and he was asking for help. He said that his father had been taking him to hunt rabbits. They were in the desert, miles from nowhere when the red and white pickup truck they were driving ran off the road. The truck flipped over and they were trapped inside. His father was lying on top of him and wasn't moving.1

The messages were reported to the local authorities and the police launched a search for the little boy in the foothills of New Mexico. Even though some people thought it was a hoax, the police took it seriously. This child might have been somewhere in the desert.+

However, Larry had no idea where he was. He was struggling to answer questions and became confused easily. Some people thought that perhaps he had a head injury. He said his legs and knees had been hurt in the crash.+

By the second day, Larry was not transmitting regularly. Other people joined in the conversation on their CB radios. Some of them were concerned citizens who honestly wanted to help. Others were hecklers who wanted to make fun of Larry.+

Some of them tried to ask questions that might pinpoint where exactly in the desert the truck had crashed. They asked Larry what he remembered and what had he seen before the truck flipped over. Others would just scream and call him fake.+

By the third day, Larry's voice was growing weaker. He said his father hadn't moved at all and searchers were sure the man must have died. Hecklers taunted him, shouting, "DIE! DIE! DIE!" Shortly afterward, Larry's transmissions faded away and he was never heard from again.1

The police didn't have much to go on and the case remained unsolved. A family who had a son named Larry was reported missing, but eventually, they were found in a different city, alive and well. The police never came across an overturned truck in the desert that seemed to fit the description. However, there was nobody inside.+

In the end, the police called off the search. Was it all a hoax? Or are the skeletal remains of a little boy named Larry still lying undiscovered somewhere in the New Mexico desert today? Perhaps we will never know.+

+

A/N: Hello! I hope you all are doing well! I received a lot of private messages from you asking me to continue writing, some even asking me if I was alright - since I didn't write for a very long time. I'm doing great - your girl got into Uni and is studying midwifery! I'm writing my first exams soon, so I've been a bit stressed. I decided to give you some more urban legends before I disappear again to study for my exams. +

Thank you so much for all the love, worry, and positive feedback, I am really thankful to ya'll <3+

Love ya,+

Simran+

Bloody Bill is a scary legend about a Confederate soldier named William Anderson who was killed during the American Civil War. They say that if you chant his name ten times, the ghost of Bloody Bill will return to seek his revenge.+

Years ago, in the 1860s, there was a man named William Anderson who lived in Missouri. He had a wife and two sons and was considered a good family man. Even though he didn't make much money, he always tried to buy his family whatever they wanted.1

When the Civil War broke out, Bill decided it was his duty to go and fight as a Confederate soldier. He kissed his wife and sons goodbye and they cried bitterly as they watched him ride off across the plains.1

When the Confederate army was pushed out of Missouri, he became a guerilla soldier, fighting on the side of the South against the Union soldiers. Before long, his skills in guerilla warfare made him one of the most feared fighters in the South, frequently leading raids behind enemy lines.+

However, Bill's life was soon to take a turn for the worse. His mother was killed by a lightning strike and his brother was killed by Native American Indians. Despite all of this, Bill remained stoic, but he was unaware that even more tragedy was to strike his family.2

Union soldiers decided to put an end to Bill's raids into their territory. They arrested his father and his uncle and executed them. Then, they arrested his three sisters and imprisoned them in a three-story building in Kansas. One night, the building collapsed, killing everyone inside. Bill's sisters were crushed to death in the rubble.+

After learning about the horrible deaths of his sisters, they say that something snapped inside Bill Anderson. He was driven out of his mind by grief and became obsessed with exacting a violent revenge. Many people say that the loss of his entire family turned Bill into a sadistic and psychopathic killer.2

Bill went on a rampage, traveling all over Missouri and leaving a bloody trail of torture and death in his wake. He became notorious for the brutality and savagery of his tactics. He slaughtered huge numbers of Union soldiers and showed no mercy or remorse. He was often described as the "bloodiest man in America's deadliest war".+

His exploits earned him the nickname "Bloody Bill". After killing a man he would then proceed to shoot out their eyes, cut off their ears, and scalp them of their hair. They say that after every battle, Bill's face would be completely covered in blood and he greatly enjoyed inflicting fear and suffering on his victims. However, he always made a point of sparing the lives of women and young girls.5

Union soldiers were determined to put an end to Bill's murder spree. They hired a scout to track him down and set up an ambush. Bloody Bill and his band of raiders were taken by surprise and didn't stand a chance. One of the Union soldiers shot Bloody Bill in the side of the head, knocking him off his horse. As he lay dying in the dirt, they swarmed around him. Before Bill had a chance to scream, he was stabbed to death.+

The soldiers picked up Bloody Bill's body and slung it over the back of a horse. Then, the soldiers took Bill's body to his house, where his family was eagerly waiting for him. The soldiers cut off Bill's head and threw it in front of his wife and sons. His family screamed in horror and pain of losing their husband and father. As if that wasn't enough, the soldiers also cut off Bill's finger and stole his wedding ring.1

After witnessing all that, Bill's wife went insane, she couldn't live with the loss of her husband. Days after, she hung her two sons from the rafters and then killed herself as well.2

According to the legend, Bloody Bill's house still stands today and his restless soul still wanders around, determined to seek revenge. They say that if you chant his name ten times in the dark and go to sleep, Bloody Bill will appear at the foot of your bed and wait for you to wake up. They say that he stands tall, face rotting and covered in blood. His eyes glow red like the devil's. And once you unfortunately wake up, Bloody Bill will hunt you down and kill you the same way he was killed.3

+

A/N: Dear readers, for the 150th part of this book, I will share a personal urban legend I heard when I was nine.3

It's also kind of like story time, sooo enjoy!+

When I was nine, my class went on a class trip to a little village near Lleida, Spain (I was born in Spain and grew up there till I turned ten). We were excited to be there, especially since my parents never let me go on a class trip - it was my first time.+

We stayed at a little farm, and spent the first day playing around, feeding the animals, looking at the stars at night - it was awesome.+

On the second day, we went on a little hiking trip. I despised it - I hated walking back then, let's say I was pretty lazy as a kid. So it was my class, two of our teachers, a lady from the farm, and a local to guide us.+

We walked and walked until we were all tired and decided to sit down in front of a little waterfall. Besides the waterfall, there was an old wooden banner with a picture of an old water mill, and in front of that water mill stood a little girl, smiling for the photo.+

For some reason, that picture made my stomach turn, however, I didn't pay much attention to it. I was more keen on eating my Nutella Sandwich.4

That's when our guide decided to open his mouth and tell us a story. Literally - that's what he did.+

"Once upon a time," he started.  Not all of us were paying attention to him.+

"Right where the fields are, there was a little village. The people in the village lived in harmony - helping each other out, and looking for each other. However, the village hid a dark secret," he paused, eerly smiling at us.3

I remember squinting my eyes at him.+

"There was a cave everyone in the village feared. That cave was said to be haunted, made by the devil. Anyone who went into that cave never came back. It is said, that due to helplessness, the villagers took desperate measures. They decided to let travelers stay the night in the cave, and whoever came back alive with an answer to the mystery, would get rewarded."+

I made a face at that.  Sounded pretty sadistic.1

"So whenever a traveler wanted to stay the night at their village, the villagers made the traveler sleep in the cave. And as predicted, none of the travelers ever returned. One day, three horsemen decided to stay the night in the village. The villagers kept the same rules, "You will have to stay the first night in the cave," said the head of the village. The three horsemen agreed, not thinking much of it. They were on their way to the cave when a little boy stopped them, "The cave is cursed," informed the little boy. "Anyone who goes inside disappears." 1

The horsemen smiled at each other, "We don't fear anything, little one. We promise you we will find the truth about that cave," one of the horsemen smiled, ruffling the little boy's hair.1

The horsemen entered the cave and made a plan - one would keep watch while the other two slept, and after three hours, they would switch. And that's exactly what they did. Three hours passed and nothing had happened until then. It was time to switch. The second horseman to keep watch decided to light up a fire, so he could see clearly. That is when he noticed something, up on the ceiling of the cave, hundreds of pig-sized spiders wandered around. Some of them were slowly creeping down towards the sleeping horsemen.11

The man keeping the watch quickly woke up his friends and they all ran out of the cave. The horsemen realized that anyone who spent the night in the cave got eaten by spiders and that's why they never returned. The horsemen decided to burn the cave and so kill every spider inside.1

Everyone in town was happy - they had finally gotten their answers. The horsemen got their reward and everyone lived happily ever after." He ended the story.1

Silence.+

"That's all?" Asked one of my classmates. The guide nodded his head.+

"Sounds like he just made that story from scratch..." mumbled my friend from beside me, making me giggle.+

We got up and started making our way back to the little farm we were staying at. However, I took a moment to look closely at the photo of the little girl. That's when the guide spoke from behind me, "That's Rosa. She disappeared twenty years ago. We searched for her everywhere, but we couldn't find her. She was last seen entering the cave."+

I shot my head at him. +

"This photo is all we have left of her." He sighed, and hearing that gave me goosebumps. I knew that he wasn't bluffing, I could see that on his face. +

"Come on, kiddo, don't want the spiders getting us too, right?" And with that, we joined the group.+

I don't remember so much, that's why the story sounds weird, but the part with that little girl stayed with me. I still remember her face clearly.+

+

The Black Dog of Meriden, Connecticut is a small, ghostly dog who leaves no footprints and makes no sound, even when it appears to be barking or howling. According to legend, if you see the Black Dog once it means joy, twice it means sorrow, but if you see it a third time, it means death.2

According to Meriden's local legend, the Black Dog can be seen barking, but it makes no sound. Where it trods the ground it raises no dust, in snow, it makes no footprints. Ghostlike, the dog appears as if out of nowhere, and takes its leave just as mysteriously, as it roams over a large area around the hills.+

In the early 1900s, a geologist by the name of Pynchon was surveying a mountain in Meridan called West Peak. He saw the black dog was following him, keeping its distance, but still staying in view When Pynchon turned to go home, the dog disappeared into the trees.1

The second time he saw the dog was a few years later while hiking in the same spot with friends. One of the friends he was climbing with said he had seen the same dog twice before. As they approached the peak, the dog was already ahead of them.+

Pynchon heard a terrible scream and turned in horror to see his friend had lost his footing and had fallen hundreds of feet to his death on the rocks below.1

When Pynchon got back to Meriden, loclas told him about the legend of the Black Dog but he refused to believe it. The locals told him never to go back to the mountain because if he saw the dog again, it would mean his death.3

A few years went by, and Pynchon decided to climb the same mountain. He left his lodgings bright and early one morning and never returned. His dead body was later found at the bottom of a ravine. People say the night he died, he must have seen the Black Dog a third time and fallen to his death.+

Over the years, several lives have been lost on the Meriden mountain, including the one of an experienced Alpine climber in 1972. Although all the fatalities are listed as accidental, the old timers know they were brought about by the Black Dog of Meriden. So, if you are hiking there, be careful! 4

Bloody Bill is a scary legend about a Confederate soldier named William Anderson who was killed during the American Civil War. They say that if you chant his name ten times, the ghost of Bloody Bill will return to seek his revenge.+

Years ago, in the 1860s, there was a man named William Anderson who lived in Missouri. He had a wife and two sons and was considered a good family man. Even though he didn't make much money, he always tried to buy his family whatever they wanted.1

When the Civil War broke out, Bill decided it was his duty to go and fight as a Confederate soldier. He kissed his wife and sons goodbye and they cried bitterly as they watched him ride off across the plains.1

When the Confederate army was pushed out of Missouri, he became a guerilla soldier, fighting on the side of the South against the Union soldiers. Before long, his skills in guerilla warfare made him one of the most feared fighters in the South, frequently leading raids behind enemy lines.+

However, Bill's life was soon to take a turn for the worse. His mother was killed by a lightning strike and his brother was killed by Native American Indians. Despite all of this, Bill remained stoic, but he was unaware that even more tragedy was to strike his family.2

Union soldiers decided to put an end to Bill's raids into their territory. They arrested his father and his uncle and executed them. Then, they arrested his three sisters and imprisoned them in a three-story building in Kansas. One night, the building collapsed, killing everyone inside. Bill's sisters were crushed to death in the rubble.+

After learning about the horrible deaths of his sisters, they say that something snapped inside Bill Anderson. He was driven out of his mind by grief and became obsessed with exacting a violent revenge. Many people say that the loss of his entire family turned Bill into a sadistic and psychopathic killer.2

Bill went on a rampage, traveling all over Missouri and leaving a bloody trail of torture and death in his wake. He became notorious for the brutality and savagery of his tactics. He slaughtered huge numbers of Union soldiers and showed no mercy or remorse. He was often described as the "bloodiest man in America's deadliest war".+

His exploits earned him the nickname "Bloody Bill". After killing a man he would then proceed to shoot out their eyes, cut off their ears, and scalp them of their hair. They say that after every battle, Bill's face would be completely covered in blood and he greatly enjoyed inflicting fear and suffering on his victims. However, he always made a point of sparing the lives of women and young girls.5

Union soldiers were determined to put an end to Bill's murder spree. They hired a scout to track him down and set up an ambush. Bloody Bill and his band of raiders were taken by surprise and didn't stand a chance. One of the Union soldiers shot Bloody Bill in the side of the head, knocking him off his horse. As he lay dying in the dirt, they swarmed around him. Before Bill had a chance to scream, he was stabbed to death.+

The soldiers picked up Bloody Bill's body and slung it over the back of a horse. Then, the soldiers took Bill's body to his house, where his family was eagerly waiting for him. The soldiers cut off Bill's head and threw it in front of his wife and sons. His family screamed in horror and pain of losing their husband and father. As if that wasn't enough, the soldiers also cut off Bill's finger and stole his wedding ring.1

After witnessing all that, Bill's wife went insane, she couldn't live with the loss of her husband. Days after, she hung her two sons from the rafters and then killed herself as well.2

According to the legend, Bloody Bill's house still stands today and his restless soul still wanders around, determined to seek revenge. They say that if you chant his name ten times in the dark and go to sleep, Bloody Bill will appear at the foot of your bed and wait for you to wake up. They say that he stands tall, face rotting and covered in blood. His eyes glow red like the devil's. And once you unfortunately wake up, Bloody Bill will hunt you down and kill you the same way he was killed.3

+

A/N: Dear readers, for the 150th part of this book, I will share a personal urban legend I heard when I was nine.3

It's also kind of like story time, sooo enjoy!+

When I was nine, my class went on a class trip to a little village near Lleida, Spain (I was born in Spain and grew up there till I turned ten). We were excited to be there, especially since my parents never let me go on a class trip - it was my first time.+

We stayed at a little farm, and spent the first day playing around, feeding the animals, looking at the stars at night - it was awesome.+

On the second day, we went on a little hiking trip. I despised it - I hated walking back then, let's say I was pretty lazy as a kid. So it was my class, two of our teachers, a lady from the farm, and a local to guide us.+

We walked and walked until we were all tired and decided to sit down in front of a little waterfall. Besides the waterfall, there was an old wooden banner with a picture of an old water mill, and in front of that water mill stood a little girl, smiling for the photo.+

For some reason, that picture made my stomach turn, however, I didn't pay much attention to it. I was more keen on eating my Nutella Sandwich.4

That's when our guide decided to open his mouth and tell us a story. Literally - that's what he did.+

"Once upon a time," he started.  Not all of us were paying attention to him.+

"Right where the fields are, there was a little village. The people in the village lived in harmony - helping each other out, and looking for each other. However, the village hid a dark secret," he paused, eerly smiling at us.3

I remember squinting my eyes at him.+

"There was a cave everyone in the village feared. That cave was said to be haunted, made by the devil. Anyone who went into that cave never came back. It is said, that due to helplessness, the villagers took desperate measures. They decided to let travelers stay the night in the cave, and whoever came back alive with an answer to the mystery, would get rewarded."+

I made a face at that.  Sounded pretty sadistic.1

"So whenever a traveler wanted to stay the night at their village, the villagers made the traveler sleep in the cave. And as predicted, none of the travelers ever returned. One day, three horsemen decided to stay the night in the village. The villagers kept the same rules, "You will have to stay the first night in the cave," said the head of the village. The three horsemen agreed, not thinking much of it. They were on their way to the cave when a little boy stopped them, "The cave is cursed," informed the little boy. "Anyone who goes inside disappears." 1

The horsemen smiled at each other, "We don't fear anything, little one. We promise you we will find the truth about that cave," one of the horsemen smiled, ruffling the little boy's hair.1

The horsemen entered the cave and made a plan - one would keep watch while the other two slept, and after three hours, they would switch. And that's exactly what they did. Three hours passed and nothing had happened until then. It was time to switch. The second horseman to keep watch decided to light up a fire, so he could see clearly. That is when he noticed something, up on the ceiling of the cave, hundreds of pig-sized spiders wandered around. Some of them were slowly creeping down towards the sleeping horsemen.11

The man keeping the watch quickly woke up his friends and they all ran out of the cave. The horsemen realized that anyone who spent the night in the cave got eaten by spiders and that's why they never returned. The horsemen decided to burn the cave and so kill every spider inside.1

Everyone in town was happy - they had finally gotten their answers. The horsemen got their reward and everyone lived happily ever after." He ended the story.1

Silence.+

"That's all?" Asked one of my classmates. The guide nodded his head.+

"Sounds like he just made that story from scratch..." mumbled my friend from beside me, making me giggle.+

We got up and started making our way back to the little farm we were staying at. However, I took a moment to look closely at the photo of the little girl. That's when the guide spoke from behind me, "That's Rosa. She disappeared twenty years ago. We searched for her everywhere, but we couldn't find her. She was last seen entering the cave."+

I shot my head at him. +

"This photo is all we have left of her." He sighed, and hearing that gave me goosebumps. I knew that he wasn't bluffing, I could see that on his face. +

"Come on, kiddo, don't want the spiders getting us too, right?" And with that, we joined the group.+

I don't remember so much, that's why the story sounds weird, but the part with that little girl stayed with me. I still remember her face clearly.+

+

The Black Dog of Meriden, Connecticut is a small, ghostly dog who leaves no footprints and makes no sound, even when it appears to be barking or howling. According to legend, if you see the Black Dog once it means joy, twice it means sorrow, but if you see it a third time, it means death.2

According to Meriden's local legend, the Black Dog can be seen barking, but it makes no sound. Where it trods the ground it raises no dust, in snow, it makes no footprints. Ghostlike, the dog appears as if out of nowhere, and takes its leave just as mysteriously, as it roams over a large area around the hills.+

In the early 1900s, a geologist by the name of Pynchon was surveying a mountain in Meridan called West Peak. He saw the black dog was following him, keeping its distance, but still staying in view When Pynchon turned to go home, the dog disappeared into the trees.1

The second time he saw the dog was a few years later while hiking in the same spot with friends. One of the friends he was climbing with said he had seen the same dog twice before. As they approached the peak, the dog was already ahead of them.+

Pynchon heard a terrible scream and turned in horror to see his friend had lost his footing and had fallen hundreds of feet to his death on the rocks below.1

When Pynchon got back to Meriden, loclas told him about the legend of the Black Dog but he refused to believe it. The locals told him never to go back to the mountain because if he saw the dog again, it would mean his death.3

A few years went by, and Pynchon decided to climb the same mountain. He left his lodgings bright and early one morning and never returned. His dead body was later found at the bottom of a ravine. People say the night he died, he must have seen the Black Dog a third time and fallen to his death.+

Over the years, several lives have been lost on the Meriden mountain, including the one of an experienced Alpine climber in 1972. Although all the fatalities are listed as accidental, the old timers know they were brought about by the Black Dog of Meriden. So, if you are hiking there, be careful! 4





