*Stalkers POV*258

I watched her from a distance as she ran.280

Her long dark hair blowing out behind her in the wind. Her cheeks were flushed, her blood pumping faster after the couple of miles she'd just run. Her sports bra matched the black leggings she wore, hugging every curve of her body. Her toned arms and waist uncovered. 24

I couldn't help but smile, God, my girl was so beautiful.176

I leaned back against the tree, the rough bark makes the slightest noise against my jacket. I knew I would remain unseen here. 20

There was a small amount of dew on the grass, the early morning sunlight catching the steam that arose as the air began to warm up. California wasn't my favorite place, the weather hotter then I liked but she made it worth it. The early mornings made it tolerable as well, the brisk cold before the sun fully came out. I wasn't normally out this early but she liked to run around this time, maybe she preferred the mornings here as well.32

She came to a stop and caught her breath, waiting for the other girls to catch up. She did this run almost every day alone but today she had her friends with her, one of which didn't stop running and tackled her. 11

I straightened, my eyes remained on her, worried the slight fall might have hurt her.44

"I hate you, you beat my best time by a couple minutes!" her friend laughed as Bella shoved her off, smiling as she got back off the ground. She brushed the dirt off her hip and leaned over, stretching her sore muscles. 8

If she thought she was sore now... God the things I had planned for her. 572

She stood panting, running a hand through her tangled hair as she cooled down. It was cold enough I could see her breathe in the air, the white clouds disappearing as fast as they'd appeared, 6

Putting hands back into my pockets, I relaxed. The sunlight gave her dark hair a golden glow, bouncing off her skin. She looked like an angel, so delicate and serene, and I couldn't ever bring myself to look away. 27

After a couple other girls caught up, they began to jog back down the path, but Bella waited for a second, telling them she would catch up. She pulled the hair tie off her wrist and pulled her hair into a pony tail, blowing a couple pieces away from her face. She paused as she finished, her hands falling to her side again. 5

She looked around at the trees and bushes, her eyes darting between openings in the greenery. Her eyes stopping on the foliage I was standing behind.5

"I know you're there" her voice broke through the silence, her eyes continuing to search for movement. I smiled to myself but didn't give her a response.109

I wanted my girl to see me eventually but not yet.52

"Or I'm just crazy and I'm talking to myself" she muttered, shaking her head. 55

Off in the distance one of her friends called her name and she looked away from where I was hidden, not wanting to be left behind.1

As she turned and began to run back the way she had come, the sunlight glistened for a split second on something as it fell from around her neck. 1

I waited till she was gone before I stepped out into the clearing, bending down to pick up the object. I knew what it was before it had fallen, the clasp worn out from years of use. 1

I held the silver necklace with a small music note in my palm, the tarnished metal standing out against my skin. 7

Smiling, I slipped it into my pocket and walked away.4

I would have to fix this and return it to her. Although, she didn't seem to like when I left her gifts, but I knew she would appreciate this one. 36

I would be seeing my girl soon.24

Bella's POV+

"BELLA" yelled Alice, her voice fading as she ran down stairs "we have to leave in like, two seconds" 50

I sighed and pulled my hair away from my face, getting up from where I had been sitting on the floor. Alice knew I wasn't great with time, hence the yelling. I swear I hadn't always been this forgetful but recently I could barely remember what day it was. 7

"I'm coming" I muttered as I opened my desk draw, searching through its contents. I was taking so long because I was looking for my necklace, the one with the music note that my dad had given me, back when he was still alive. Fuck, that sounded depressing but I guess it was true, it was the only thing I had left from him. It was a little bit of a basic necklace, something one could find for ten dollars in a tourist shop, but it meant everything to me. 27

Tonight was the winter dance at our school and since I had chosen, for their sake, not to have a date, Alice was going dateless as well.58

I gave up looking for my necklace and tried to reassure myself that it was in my purse or something, I put on the final coat of nude lipgloss and came out of my bathroom.1

"So," I asked, turning in a circle, "what do you think?"+

She squealed and clapped her hands together "you look totes amaze"346

I rolled my eyes and laughed, she glared at me before we both began walking downstairs.2

I blew a piece of  hair out of my face as I walked downstairs; my hair a natural dark brown but last week I'd nearly died parts of it hot pink, coming to my rescue, Alice had said I would have looked exactly like Aria from Pretty Little Liars then so now it just its dark boring brown color. 25

I grabbed my purse from the kitchen table and Alice opened the front door.+

I stopped and began to look through my purse. +

"Damn, I forgot my phone upstairs, be right back," I turned and walked back up the stairs.+

Alice rolled her eyes, "it's okay, I planned on you forgetting something"5

I walked into my room and turned in a circle. +

Where had I left my phone?+

Oh yeah! it was on the .... bed.+

On my bed sat my phone and a piece of white note paper that hadn't been there when we'd left. Next to the piece of paper sat my necklace. 100

Where had that come from?20

I stepped forward and unfolded the note.+

"Don't forget this love, and stay safe tonight. You know how I feel about other men being too close to you" 202

I sucked in a breath.+

No, no, no.2

I closed my eyes and tried to breathe deeply, but the thoughts broke my barrier down.+

He'd left me so many notes.2

For a while now the notes would appear, in my locker, on my bed and in my car. I kept everything locked as much as I could remember too but it didn't seem to matter. They were the reason I didn't date or get close to guys, hell even most girls.29

But it wasn't just the notes, he left flowers, chocolates and other random gifts, all of which I instantly threw away except for one. 74

I'd gotten a sweatshirt once, it was a tan white beige color, and no writing on it except a small white heart on the right right of the chest. It was oversized which was my favorite and in that moment I just said fuck it. I didn't regret keeping it but I never wore it outside, for fear of being seen by him. 38

I still hadn't seen his face, I hadn't even caught a glimpse of him once. Whenever I had dated a boy which rarely occurred. They would get in weird accidents which I knew had something to do with him.60

"Bella, you coming?" Yelled Alice again.3

I quickly put on the necklace and threw the note away.Grabbing my phone I ran downstairs, wanting to get out if this house.3

Alice drove tonight, which meant she got to pick the music but even with her horrible taste in metal I didn't hear any of it. He had been in my house, again.104

I swallowed and thought about the dance, the crazy, stupid teenager event where I could just forget about all this. I didn't know why I was even going, I didn't have many friends but I did love dancing. 30

Before I knew it we were there, I guess when you are lost in a freakout the time goes by really fast.1

I stepped out of the car and looked around.+

The school parking lot was filled with people all dressed in shiny tuxes and sparkly dresses while a few of the kids just wore jeans and t-shirts, looking as if this was the last place they wanted to be.29

Problem by Ariana Grande was blasting from loudspeakers and everyone was either dancing or making by the wall, typical high school dance.103

I watched as Alice was absorbed into the crowd of dancers, this was her natural habitat, crowds jumping, sweaty and carefree, but only in the middle of the floor. A few people swayed along to the music on the outskirts of the gym, not wanting to be seen dancing. 9

I stood alone, swaying slightly to the music, trying not to get noticed by any guys.+

It didn't work.11

"Hey Babe, you wanna dance? or maybe we should just skip that and go back to my house and you can get to...Know me better" Said a guy who looked like he'd come right out of a surfer magazine, with sandy blond hair and tanned skin.78

I recognized him slightly, I think he had graduated last year but was still "dating" one of the girls in my grade. And honestly he looked a little bit wasted. 7

I looked at him in disgust as he grabbed my arm and leaned in closer.34

His grip was rough on my skin and I couldn't seem to break away from him. 8

"Get your hands off of me, for your own safety" I said trying to back away from him.37

He pushed me back, pinning me again against the wall. I could feel his hot breath on my neck, the smell of too much cologne and sweat from all the dancing bodies dripping off him.11

"please stop-" but before I could get put another word a gunshot rang out.473

My ears were ringing and my vision blurred slightly, I slouched against the wall, my knees feeling weaker then before.+

There was silence, then everyone began to scream.24

I backed away from him, tripping over all the other stunned bystanders who wanted to get away from him as fast as possible. 1

Blood was dripping out of his chest as he sagged to the ground. He body looking rigid but I still saw his eyes blinking slowly as a couple of security officers ran over to him. 38

In shock, I looked up to where the shot had come from.+

Above the gym, a maze of catwalks crossed the ceiling and for an instant, I saw the outline of a man in the flash of the lights before they went out.32

It was him.3

I knew it.111

My stalker.173

Stalkers POV 28

My anger slowly faded as I watched her back away from that man.+

Quickly, I pulled the plug taking the gym into darkness but not before I saw her look up and catch a glimpse of me.1

God damn it she'd looked so beautiful tonight, her soft skin bathed in the blue lights, her hair flowing behind her, so damn soft I wanted to wrap my fist in it and pull her closer to me. 31

She knew exactly what she was doing, she knew I would be watching even if she pretended she didn't. My baby girl can dream all she wants but I'll still be here.66

My obsession had grown too fast, my eyes instantly drawing to her as she's passed me a couple years ago, her body against brushing against my shoulder. I couldn't stop, her voice, her scent, they were intoxicating. I wanted nothing then to watch, I'll come out eventually but theres no way to know her unless I watch. 41

I felt a cold pass over me as I watched him approach her let's see what you do Bella? will he be punished or will you?34

A smile had come to my face when she shook her head, spitting my eyes and aiming my gun, I knew it was coming but just this once maybe I would be proved wrong. +

Nope. 11

I left the building, the screams growing softer behind me, I knew it would take a while for things to get sorted out in the gym but all that chaos wasn't my fault, that guy had deserved that bullet.40

I knew men like that, they thought they had every right to a woman's body, despite what she said. I could read it in his eyes. As soon as he had put a hand on her I had pulled the trigger. Only I had a right to touch her, despite what she said. She wanted me, she just didn't realize it yet. 310

I breathed in a cold breath and leaned against a building for a moment, I knew I was far enough away but still, one could never be too cautious. +

My phone began to ring and to my surprise, it was an unknown number. If a number was unknown it meant that someone had gotten my number somehow, and that was basically impossible, my number was nowhere, no one could find it even if they needed to.10

"Speak", I said into the phone, holding it up to my ear, as I began walked away from the school again.  I couldn't be caught up in this whole shooting thing, that was the last thing I needed on my record. 15

"Caden, it's Bruce, we need your help ..... again"210

Ok now I was mad, how dare he interrupt my night of shooting down yet another one of the many guys interested in Bella!151

I laughed slightly at that thought, my head was very obviously a little fucked up. "Oh really, from what I remember when I left you said, and I quote 'go ahead we don't need your help anymore"18

I swear I could hear him gulp, he was probably sweating with fear since it had probably taken him a while to get up the courage to call me, so I continued talking.+

"I have been busy these past years anyway so if you want someone to die, kill them yourself, I have been too busy to do your dirty work, I left for a reason so fucking deal with that"8

With that, I ended the call.33

I needed to calm down before I hurt people that didn't deserve it, believe it or not, I wasn't a heartless killer, but I will kill anyone that tries to hurt my precious Bella.167

she was mine and only mine and soon she would learn to love me too.104

I closed my eye and took a deep breath, imagining her beautiful face, her toned body, her smile that made any man want to melt.13

I smiled to myself as I opened my eyes, I unlocked my car and slid into the driver's seat.6

I needed to see my beautiful Bella now.89

Bella's POV +

When the police arrived people began to look at me, their stares were so heated it made me want to duck my head and hide.4

Were they all silently accusing me of killing that man? or maybe they all just wanted to stay away from me because they thought I was bad luck?5

I had that kind of reputation, it just seemed to them that any guy was near me seemed to be hurt in some way. 7

It wasn't my fault, but somewhere in my head I knew all the people hurt were my fault, and it only got worse. I knew what my stalker wanted and I knew how to end all of this but I didn't want to do it. I didn't want to be with a man who I had never seen, never heard and who was a fucking psychopath. 12

"Miss could you please come with us to headquarters, we would like to ask you a few questions, seeing as you were standing next to the victim. We just need to clarify some things from your point of view" 3

I looked up at the police officer, my stomach turning knots "um will it take long? my curfew is twenty minutes away"That was a shitty response, they didn't care about my curfew. 4

He nodded "as long as your parents are home then why don't we go to your house; we just need a few questions answered tonight so we can clear this all up for our report. I know your mom Jenna a bit from her work with food drives" 13

So on the ride home, I was stuck in the back of a police car, I starred out the window, my stomach still feeling sick with dread. This was all his fault, why the hell had he done this?? My other thought was, oh shit, Jenna will have a heart attack when she sees a cop car pull up, +

The police car pulled up in front of my house, I opened the car door and hurriedly ran to my house. I hurriedly opened it, Jenna stood up from where she had been sitting at the table.2

"what's going on?" She asked looking very confused, and slightly scared when she saw the cops and the cop car behind me.3

The first policeman stepped forward "Well ma'am, a boy was just shot at the school dance and he had been standing right next to her so we just wanted to know what she noticed. She did state she would prefer to be questioned here rather then the station since you would be present"2

While he spoke he was gazing at Jenna, with a silly expression of a schoolboy in love.76

I raised an eyebrow at her, still a little shaken from the events that had happened but slightly amused at the hints of red that has creeped into her cheeks.10

"I'll be fine down here if you want to go upstairs Jenna" I said softly "I think you might know Mr.-" I glanced at his name tag "Richardson"8

"Ohhhh" she said, a small smile coming over her face "your Michaels brother! I saw you at the drive last month, thanks so much for the extra security help"4

He nodded and gave a small smile "wasn't a problem Ma'm"4

Jenna blushed "Ok, I'll just be in my bedroom, you can sit in the dining room, as long as Bella's okay with it"+

I nodded and, she hurried upstairs and the two policemen took a seat at the table.+

"So did you notice anyone arguing with or staring longer then normal at this boy during the time he stood beside you?" asked the second one.+

I shook my head, no.5

"Did he talk to you at all?"1

And the questions carried on until I started to yawn.+

"Sorry we've kept you miss Ross, I'll let you get some sleep now"+

They walked to the door, but the first one stopped in the doorway and turned around.+

"Oh and if your mom - "+

I interrupted him "she's not my mom she just looks after me"10

"Oh well, if she ever wants to see me again my names Gary "281

Ok, that was just disgusting.55

I shut the door and leaned against it, trying to get my heart to calm down.1

I was too tired for this, sighing, I wandered up the stairs to my room.+

I was almost too scared to look around my room as I opened my door. Every night he left me a note, and I was not in the mood to deal with this killer who was obsessed with me.3

I opened my eyes but no such luck, a piece of white paper sat on my bed.10

I went over and picked it up.+

It read:+

"next time you go out don't look so damn hot, every boy in that room had their eyes on you. You are mine, don't forget that"107

Fuck this.+

I sat down hard on my bed.+

I was so confused.+

He was so possessive, then he was so sweet but in the messages that were sweet, they were generally hidden threats.83

I couldn't tell the police or anyone else about him because then he would kill them and maybe me, hell, I didn't know what he would do to get what he wanted.30

I fell back on my covers and even though I was tired I decided to get up and take a shower, maybe that would clear my head.8

I went into the bathroom and taking off my clothes I threw them into the laundry basket and grabbed a pair of leggings and a T-shirt, I placed them on the counter and turned on the hot water.1

I opened Spotify and began playing volatile times by IAMX, it was a weird song but it relaxed me as I stepped into the shower.16

About half an hour later, and yes I take long showers, I stepped out and wrapped a towel around myself.225

I looked around as I felt a draft from the windowI shivered and slammed it shut.11

I turned to the counter only to find my clothes were gone and in their place a piece of paper.153

It only had a phone number on it.67

I stared at the number.... crap.28

Vote +

Comment+

Thanks for all the love❤️❤️❤️1

Caden's POV9

I stood outside her house as she was talking to the policeman.+

How dare they question her.62

How had Jenna been okay with that situation? She just seemed to trust the cops enough to let them question her alone, which seemed a little crazy to me. 25

True, this whole situation had kind of been her fault in a twisted way, but she was mine and I was still proving that to her. She would realize there wasn't another option, it was only me. I loved her more than anything, she would want for nothing. 43

I wasn't going to let anyone harm her, and I knew exactly what guys like that wanted.12

She'd just looked too god damn sexy in those clothes and without me, she was fair game to any man.1

I had just needed to protect what was mine.68

I walked around to the side of the house to where her window was; I knew every door and every window into this house like the back of my hand, I mean, how else was I supposed to watch her?24

Her room was on the second floor but it was surrounded by trees which were very easy to climb.I needed to talk to her, to hear her voice addressing me and not just talking to her friends, I'd left her a note today, warning her and watched in the shadows as she read it. She'd listened, because what happened tonight was all due to another man.4

She knew the rules; she'd backed away from that guy.8

I just had to tell everyone else that she was taken.2

I wanted to play with her, take her mind off of what she'd seen tonight.6

I watched as she took off her clothes and got into the shower, her creamy skin and perfect body disappearing from my sight as the glass fogged up from the stream created by the hot water. I opened the window and crawled inside. I shook my head, she really should be keeping that window locked so men like me couldn't climb in and watch her.120

I smiled as I leaned against the counter, watching her silhouette, hearing her singing problem quietly to herself as she closed her eyes to rinse out the shampoo in her hair.50

Her way of dealing with anything was music, and I didn't matter if she was playing it so loud she couldn't think of singing quietly to herself. +

I shouldn't have had her witness what had happened tonight, my poor Bella. 9

I took a piece of paper out go my pocket and scribbled my phone number on it. She was a brave girl and knowing her, I knew she would either call or text me.+

This way I wouldn't have to waste paper, I was making the fucking earth a happier place. knowing my perfect Bella, I knew she could appreciate I made the effort to not waste paper for her.314

I took the clean clothes she had on the counter and breathed in their smell. they smelled of jasmine and vanilla, exactly like one of her perfumes. Fuck I loved that smell.114

I put them in the bag I had with me and smiled to myself one more time as I watched her. She would definitely get these back at some point, but right now I needed to get her attention more then normal, get her mind off the dance.13

My beautiful Bella.8

I climbed out the window and left it open; I wanted her to know I had been here, that I had been watching her. I wanted her to know how much power I had in her life.101

I walked back to my house which was only a block away, I had gotten it to be close to her, and I had a couple others but none which such a vantage point to her house. The streets were dark and gloomy, with only the dull glow of the street lights that flickered every now and then. I opened the door to my house my eyes scanning every inch of the room instantly, my instincts kicking in. A while back it wasn't uncommon to come back to my house and several men angry and ready to end my life. 38

They were never very good at their job. 3

I sighed, sometimes I missed seeing the look in their eyes when I held the knife close to their skin, the shape blade drawing droplets of blood. They knew it was over, they always knew but they begged anyway. Offering me cars, boats, girlfriends, anything in exchange for their miserable little lives. I had tried to move away from that life, my focus on Bella. I couldn't put her in any danger unless it was absolutely necessary, like tonight. 15

I waited, my eyes never leaving my phone, I could have texted her, true but God the anticipation felt good. I wanted her to crave me, I wanted her to think about me as she fell asleep, wondering if I was watching. I needed her to text me, I needed her to want me.24

I sat at my computer, not focusing on any particular task, just waiting and staring blankly at the screen until around midnight my phone pinged.+

I smiled in satisfaction, the release of endorphins as I won, as I got what I wanted. 2

It was her.+

Who are u? 27

should u tell her? I wanted to but also without her knowing any details I was perfect, I was a stranger without the flaws she could spot so easily. I keep as soon as she knew the way my thoughts worked she would figure out how fucked up I was. 13

The only one you can trust 9

I replied back+

I don't know you, leave me alone 1

I knew she would be shy at first but she would come around eventually. 70

You are mine my love, I'm unable to leave you alone2

Please just tell me your name +

I smiled, I liked when she begged.117

Caden, it's Caden my beautiful Bella 37

Bella's POV+

After turning his note over and over in my hands, I finally texted him.3

I didn't care that it was dangerous and I didn't care what happened but I needed this cryptic back and forth banter to stop.+

What sort of game was he playing?+

After our weird texting conversation, I knew something about him I didn't know before.+

His name is Caden.5

I went to sleep with more questions than ever before but one stayed on my mind longer than the others, what would he look like?23

Why was he so overly obsessed with me.?28

Why me?16

I sighed and turned off the light, letting sleep take me.2

Waking up the next morning was torture, I was tired and felt like curling up and crying after last night.+

I managed to get dressed and get downstairs so I could get my coffee before school but I just.... really Fucking didn't want to go.11

I grabbed my phone and called Alice, who I knew would be down to skip school with me.4

"Hey girly, what's up?" She asked, the music playing in the background nearly drowning out her voice.+

"You wanna go to the beach today man? I can't handle going to school"38

I could almost imagine her raising an eyebrow in surprise "really ? The good girl Bella skipping school?? So scandalous!"1

I rolled my eyes "pick me up in 20?" 2

She laughed "got it" +

I grabbed the sweatshirt I kept from him, since it was the most comfortable, and a left over piece of pizza before leaving the house. I sat down in Alice's car, she drive a bright blue Jeep and honestly no other car fit her so well.12

Bella's POVThe next morning I was woken by alarm clock playing S my D by blood on the dance floor.45

My logic for setting this terrible song as my alarm was simple, I really hated this song so I knew that if I set it as my alarm I would have to get up to stop it and this would wake me up.61

Still half asleep, I threw on a pair of black jeans, black converse high tops, and a white t-shirt, way too big for me.7

After yesterday, I want ever going to try and skip school again, I knew a fucking omen when I saw one.19

I left my hair down and brushed on a small bit of mascara, too lazy to do my usual makeup routine.5

Running downstairs I grabbed my phone and at the same time I accidentally knocked over a picture of me and my parents, I forgot about the fact that I was late and sat down on the floor. +

I stared a the picture in my hands.+

We had all been smiling at the camera, it had been a sunny day out but I only had bad memories about this trip. All of the people in this picture were dead. My parents had died when I was pretty young, my dad had been an army general and had made some enemies, that's what the police has said anyway. My mother had hung on for as long as she could without him but in the end, she took her own life. If it wasn't for him, I would be dead with them now......11

My parents truly had been soul mates, and they couldn't live without each other.My old best friend was in this picture as well, but he was dead now too. His parents were somewhere in the background but I couldn't find them. 47

I swallowed and stood up, trying to get a hold of myself, I put the picture back where it was, this one incident slowing my day down and setting me in a mellow mood. I ran out the door and got into my small crappy car, speeding off to school. I was already late enough. As if I needed more tardies for being late, I was the fucking queen of them.8

Normally I wouldn't have cared that I was late but the principle had already threatened to expel me twice and Jenna would kill me if I was actually expelled.15

The teachers would really expel me for this, they were all crazy, or at least I thought they were.3

I got to school just as the bell was ringing, and to my joy, everyone was still talking about the dance.3

Apparently, that kid was in a coma and in critical condition with almost no way to bring him back.6

His friends were glaring at me and I felt so guilty because it had been partially my fault, I just looked down and hurried past them.29

My first class was math, which for me, meant doodle time. This class had taught me how to be an artist more than it had taught me how to calculate anything. 125

My main problem was the teacher, who wanted to think of herself as some kind of free spirit math teacher. Not that this had any factor in my problems with this class but her outfits always confused us. Today she wore a floral cardigan with a tank top, long shorts and hiking shoes. Her hair was piled on top of her head and had a few small braids hanging down. 18

She smiled at everyone who walked in, but it wasn't a nice smile, it was a smile that said how little she thought of us. 3

I sat down in my seat and got out my notebook, hiding my phone behind it 12

Halfway into the lesson my phone pinged.+

My dumbass had forgot to silence it. +

I tried to slouch down in my seat further to not be noticed but the teacher, Mrs. Red, turned around with a glare on her face.1

"Well" she exclaimed, happy at a chance to yell at me once again "if it isn't Miss rule breaker, all phones must be turned off during class, you know how much they interrupt our learning process, unless this is an emergency, why don't you read the text you just received for the whole class to hear since it was obviously so important to get out attention??"52

I hated that rule she had, she had even printed out a sign that said "if you interrupt us with a text, we all get to know why!" Which said right under a sign that said "math is tea for your mind"3

Yeah she was a little high strung.2

My face went white, well whiter than it already was.16

"you can't legally do that" I said softly, I know it wouldn't work but I could try, +

she shook her head "yes but I can fail you, dear, so speak loudly when you read, we all want to hear the gossip"33

I looked down at my phone hesitantly.+

I had that ringtone for one person only, Caden.I reached down and grabbed my phone, scared to read what it said.2

"um," I stammered, "It says 'hope you had a good morning, knowing you are in math class right now and knowing that you forget to turn your phone off, you might have to read this out loud, sorry"67

my voice faltered.1

"keep reading sunshine," the teacher said with a smirk on her face.47

"spread the word around that you have a boyfriend" I finished speaking in almost a whisper, my last words creating murmuring to circulate around the room.151

"go to the principles office, now!" she said, looking livid "we do not use this time to bring up your relationship to boost your self esteem!"125

I grabbed my stuff and hurried out of class as fast as I could.+

My phone rang and my stomach fluttered when I saw it was him.3

To my surprise I wanted to talk to him, to hear his voice, and tell him how fucking stupid he was for what he had just put me through.16

I wanted to know who this man was that was ruining my life.+

I pressed answer call and held the phone up to my ear "Yes?" I said softly, tentative about who would be on the other end.1

"You okay love?" He asked. 27

I took a shaky breath, His voice was husky, and he sounded concerned for me. But fuck that, he had been the one to put me in that situation. I didn't want anyone to know I had a boyfriend, especially when I didn't. 4

"why did you do that?"I asked, my nails tapping anxiously against my phone. +

"Just wanted to call you, but I can't have these people looking at you like they do, God Bella you don't even see how their eyes follow you. You're mesmerizing" he stopped talked for a second "how are your hands?" A hint of concern creeping into his voice. 5

I sighed, why did he go through all that just to call me, I guess it was all just to see how I was.+

"Please," I said "just leave me alone, I'm so tired of this game"1

No answer.+

"Did you save me yesterday?"+

"Did you doubt it was me?" He asked +

"Thank you...but seriously, please leave me alone, I can't take much more of this" +

I felt tears pressing against my eyes, I really didn't think I could go on like this. +

Even over the phone, I heard him sigh. +

"Don't worry love" he said softly "I'm here for you, but just be careful okay? and I will hurt anyone who looks at you the wrong way."13

With that, the phone went dead.13

I closed my eyes and tried to stop from crying. +

Fuck, I hated this but at the same time...112

I shook my head and continued walking to the principals office. 1

I replayed the sequence of events that had happened and he nodded I'll chat with Mrs Red, but in the meantime Bella, I think we should talk about maybe getting you some sessions with the school counselor"1

I shook my head "no I'm fine, Jenna said it was okay when I stopped going to therapy because my anxiety attacks had almost stopped" +

He raised an eyebrow "I understand but after what happened at the dance I'm a little worried, you've been missing classes, coming in late and have been a little bit unfocused. I'll let you and Jenna decide but it's just my recommendation"6

I grabbed my bag and nodded. I didn't want to go back to therapy or start talking about my feelings with anyone.9

I had began to go as a kid, after my parents had passed, I'd had some trouble eating and for long periods of time would stay curled up in a ball in the corner of my room. +

The panic attacks were separate, I had become paranoid but now looking back I wasn't crazy. 2

I began to look behind me everywhere, I swore someone was following me. My therapist has listened but told me it was just because I was afraid of ended up like my parents. It was kind of a bullshit line and it didn't make me feel any better.6

What had made me feel better was the hand gun I had locked under my bed in my dads old safe. I had found it in his office and privately asked Jenna to help me learn to shoot as a safety precaution. 3

She had agreed but on one condition, I had to keep it locked away and never carry it outside of the house. 2

I wasn't so paranoid anymore but there was no way I was going back to therapy.+

I angrily shoved my bag into my locker and grabbed my running clothes. +

This whole situation was fucking with my head.+

I just needed some peace.1

Caden's POV   3

Even if Bella was mad at me, I still loved to hear her voice, and for the first time, she was talking to me. It was rather irritating that she was annoyed at me but honestly she should be thanking me. I saw the effect she had whenever she walked by, she was stunning and kept her head down to avoid meeting the eyes of others, seeming shy at first. +

I'd been so lucky to save her the other day. For brief moment I had contemplated not following her there, but fuck I couldn't resist watching her while she lay in the sun. She had kept her sweatshirt on over her bikini but as she turned over in the sand her shirt would ride up her side. +

Fuck I'd wanted to be there next to her, pull her onto my lap and have her fall asleep on my chest. 56

I was getting off track, but fuck that was hot.3

When I hung up the phone I walked to my usual lookout point where I could watch her running the track with the other girls. She always looked so graceful when she ran, and I needed to see her today, she was like a drug to me, just the sight of her calming me down.50

I leaned against the grey concrete wall, the trees in front of me obscuring them from seeing me but giving me the perfect view. 5

She was a little later than some of the other girls because she had to talk to the principal, which really wasn't my fault either, it was her teacher who had done that to her.39

I waited, wanting her to come out of the changing room dressed in those nice tight leggings and black sports bra, fuck she looked so sexy like that.53

She did not disappoint, she came out and began to stretch along with the others.+

I smiled to myself as I sat back and watched her, she probably knew I was watching which was good.1

No one had ever caught me when I watched her at school, well someone had seen me once and they had tried to tell the principal.+

They hadn't made it there, quite sad.94

I couldn't have anyone knowing about this, could I? +

Bella's POV+

I could almost feel his gaze on me as I stretched.2

I looked around, multiple times but I never saw him, for all the years he had been following me I had never caught a glimpse of him.31

As the PE teacher left to talk to the girls who couldn't run, that was when all the other girls started to ask me questions about my "boyfriend"3

Rumors in this high school spread too fast.1

Lily: "so it's true you really do have a boyfriend"+

Clare: "Is he hot?"23

Della: "you are so lucky I want a boyfriend, he'd would so sweet to me and be all lovey and nice and ugh" 11

lovey and nice? yeah, I thought, rolling my eyes, that totally describes the guy they thought I was dating.4

I didn't even argue, it was probably for the best that everyone thinks I have a boyfriend so that none of the guys hit on me and then be killed by my psychopath stalker.3

I was so done with all of this, he had been stalking me for three whole fucking years, it had completely insane.43

I had been young when this started, too young. I had gone years knowing that what I was going through wasn't normal but no one seemed to believe me, and I never had any proof. I had become more silent through the years, staying home more and writing a lot of songs. 14

I sighed and went back to stretching.+

Let him watch, as long as he didn't interfere it was fine.8

I began jogging slowly to try and clear my head. +

I didn't make it any better that my house was now empty except for me for the evening. Jenna was having dinner with her brothers family which was good but left me alone. I liked being alone but at the same time it was a little bit terrifying. 6

I shook my head, it would be fine, nothing would happen, I'd be fine. I breathed out and began to match the pace of the other girls. 1

Everything would be fine.24

*chapter has been changed quite a lot as of 1/17/23Bella's POV 35

It had been almost a week since he had called me for the first time, and so far he had called me every day since then. He always told me how much he loved me. When my phone had died, I received almost thirty texts asking if I was ignoring him and if I was okay.20

I was exhausted, this was tiring and I didn't understand. 1

Jenna was still gone, but had called me every morning to make sure everything was okay. +

Nothing crazy had happened, only the texts and calls from him. +

I couldn't help but imagine him, his face. 6

I knew by this point I had watched too many movies and had too many daddy issues to not be slightly interested. 69

But at the same time, this wasn't fiction, this wasn't just a situation I could make up or change. A kid had died in front of me, my entire school life had been completely fucked and it was all his fault. 7

I sighed and turned on the tv, I grabbed the beer that I had just opened and sat down on the couch, pulling the fuzzy blanket over my legs. 6

Jenna wasn't here to take the beer away so I was in for a fun night. +

My phone pinged and I glanced down. +

It was only Alice, a message in all caps that read.+

"I SWEAR IF YOU STARTED WATCHING WINGS OF DESIRE WITHOUT ME I'LL KILL YOU!!"10

I smiled, I had started it and it was pretty good so far.2

It was one of her favorite movies about angels in Berlin after the wall collapsed, where her favorite band, Nick Cave and the Bats had this super creepy club dance scene at the end. Or that's how she's explained it anyway. She's also mentioned something about a circus performer. 4

I just sent a winky face in return and turned my phone off. +

"What are we watching" 105

I jumped and spun around so fast I knocked my phone halfway across the room. 3

Right behind the couch stood a man, he wore a thick black leather jacket and black jeans, his hands resting and inch from where I had been sitting moments before. 31

He felt familiar yet he was a complete stranger to me. His black hair was short but fell over his face, his skin tanned just slightly, and his eyes...18

They seemed to pierce into me, starting right through me, and I knew somehow, that I had seen those eyes before. +

"What the fuck are you doing here?"8

It was dumb but it was the only thing I could think of. +

This was him.3

Caden.+

"Sit back down" he said, a small smile on his face, but his tone made it clear he wasn't fucking around.30

I shook my head.+

"I don't know you"1

But I did, I knew his voice, and god his eyes were gorgeous.14

He raised an eyebrow "That's why I said sit back down Bella"+

I inched further and further away, pulling the blanket up more, very aware now that I was wearing tight boxer shorts and a T-shirt.3

He shrugged and walked over to the fridge and took out a beer. 1

I frowned, I had been planning on having that. 22

He opened it with ease and sat down on the couch where I'd been previously.+

"What are we watching?" He asked, setting his drink down and taking off his jacket.20

I couldn't help but raise an eyebrow, his exposed arms were covered in tattoos, but I also saw scars, lots of them. Some where covered by ink but many others weren't. If his arms were this fucked up no wonder he was stalking me, his brain had to be in worse condition. 62

We stayed in our stalemate for what seemed like an hour. I hadn't moved closer and he hasn't taken his eyes off me. I swear I could hear every creak of the house, every single breath I was taking sounded way too loud. 1

He finally leaned his head back and sighed "come on" he said, straightening to look at me "you know I'm not going to hurt you, just didn't wanna be too much of a stranger anymore"9

Was he fucking serious. 23

I moved slowly over to the edge of the couch and sat down as far away from him as possible, pulling my blanket over me. 4

"Now I'll ask again" he said "what are we watching?"1

"Uh" I couldn't think, I didn't remember, I couldn't even remember to breath. +

He chuckled and pulled the remote off the coffee table, pressing play.6

I stayed where I was, not moving an inch. Not knowing how to act. This complete stranger sat a seat away from me, someone who was dangerous. How had he even gotten in? I know I'd locked the doors, I'd locked every window in the house. 3

"Okay so I'm lost" he said "this is an another language and it's black and white, what is happening right now, this guy has wings?"8

I pursed my lips and glanced over at him "well you should have started it at the beginning dumbass" 25

He smiled "you're right, but since I'm not you have to catch me up, and since you'll be doing that you should at least sit down, you seem cold over there. 1

As if on cue I shivered slightly, but there was no way in hell I was going to sit right next to him. I tentatively moved off the very edge of the couch and sat down on the cushion slightly closer to him. 1

"Are you going to hurt me?" I asked, I know it was dumb but I didn't know what else to do.2

He laughed "Bell, you know I wouldn't dare do that, unless of course you don't watch this with me, especially since I've rewound it"14

I didn't answer, I just faced ahead, still frozen. I couldn't help but glance over at him, also it didn't help that his cologne smelled so god damn good. 30

I was finally able to take in what he looked like, and that didn't help. He was gorgeous, hot in a conventional attractive way yet with all the black clothes and those tattoos he looked like he belonged behind a rock guitar on stage. 34

"Questions ?" He asked, he hadn't even needed to look at me to know that I was looking. 1

I shook my head. +

My senses began to panic less, my breathing seemed normal after a couple minutes, the beer might have been helping with that though, seeing as the can I had was nearly empty.+

Without warning he grabbed it from my hands and stood up, walking behind me into the kitchen. +

I closed my eyes and just tried to breath again, he's ruined all my progress with that just now. +

I felt his warm hand suddenly on my shoulder, he moved it slowly underneath my chin and lifted my head up slightly. He placed a new beer in my hands without taking his eyes away from him. 8

"You look amazing tonight, did you know that?"20

I opened my mouth to say something not very nice but stopped as his hand went from my face to my hair, playing with it between his fingers. 3

I shivered again and he frowned, walking back around to where I sat. +

Without asking, he slipped an arm around my waist and pulled me to his side, holding me. 33

As if on cue my heart began to steady, the rapid beating began to subside and match his. 3

That was annoying. 1

This was better that the passive aggressive texting right ? 1

His skin felt warm when it came into contact with mine. I pulled my legs up to my side so I was leaning more against him, his arm staying wrapped around me. The top of my head was just about level with his chin, how tall was he ? Definitely a lot taller then me. My feelings of exhaustion seemed to stop, I just felt... warm.27

"Im still confused, what is there purpose here" he asked me, staring ahead at the tv, distracting me from my thoughts. 1

"Uh, I think they are angels, and they they  take away pain" I said numbly, "but there is too much, and they begin to feel it, that's why he's began to watch her..." I trailed off. Of course I'd have to pick this movie to watch tonight. "She takes the pain away from him" I finished softly.11

I felt his muscles harden and as if on instinct, I leaned my head back against his chest. Without saying anything he gently stroked the side of my face. 50

"I should have picked up in that huh?" +

I couldn't help but smile. 36

"Yeah you should have"1

Bella's POV+

Something was ringing.+

I blinked my eyes, not really seeing anything for a couple second. +

It was my phone that was ringing, playing the first punch by pierce the veil.33

I groaned and leaned out of bed to grab my phone, which for some reason was on the floor.2

"Hello?" I asked in barely a mumble.+

"Hello honey it's Jenna"1

I was surprised, Jenna never called me, she was always just downstairs.+

"What is it, why are you calling me, is something wrong ?"+

"Honey, I am going to be away for a few days, I ended up staying at my brothers house last night after our dinner but he isn't doing too good, his medication hasn't been working right so I think it's best if I stay for a couple days"11

"Is he okay?" I asked softly, I knew how much he meant to her and he had been having medical issues for a while now. +

I heard her breath heavily "yeah, I think so but his wife is working a longer shift then normal at the hospital and with Dillon still so young I just needed to be here for a little bit you know?"3

I knew, Dillon was their son, he was still only 5 and had one of the cutest smiles you'd ever seen and Jenna absolutely adored him. 2

"I'm only 2 hours away hon okay? I can drive back at a moments notice is anything is wrong" +

"Okay" I said, smiling slightly "I hope he's feeling better and don't worry I can take care of everything here, it's not like there's any other dances happening soon right?"+

I heard her choke slightly, as if she shouldn't have started to laugh. +

"I love you dummy" she said, not quite hiding the smile she must have had on her face "bye hon" +

I lay back down "bye Jenna, love you"+

I ended the call and got out of bed.1

That's when I remembered.+

Caden Last night I didn't remember falling asleep, I didn't even remember getting into bed. +

I stared at the ceiling, I couldn't believe what had just happened, I had met the man who had been terrorizing me for years. 2

I sat up and grabbed my phone, I saw a missed call from Alice and three texts from Caden. +

I frowned and going into my contacts I changed his name to creepy stalker man.43

If nothing else in this situation was entertaining, at least this would be. +

I didn't even read what he sent, I just decided to ignore it and start my day. 15

I was still wearing the clothes I'd had on last night so that was good at least, but they needed to go. +

I changed quickly into a pair of jeans a hoodie, pulling my hair into a pony tail. I washed my face and decided coffee was more important then makeup right now, 4

I walked downstairs and turned on the coffee machine, grabbing one of my favorite mugs from the shelf and while it heated up, I grabbed one of my notebooks which had my song lyrics in it. 1

I didn't really have anything to do today except prepare myself for work. I'd somehow convinced one of the fancier bars in town to hire me as their singer, since they had live music shows every night. Even though I was underage they'd gone for it, which was a bit of a red flag but hey, they money was good. 21

I scanned the pages and made edits while I drank my coffee. My thoughts seemed more alive today, I had more energy and my hand seems to fly over the pages. I could tell tonight was going to be good. 1

Five o'clock came around too fast and I changed into a black top and lacy black sweater. I straightened my hair and put on some black mascara and eye liner. +

I left the house and got into the car, but nearly jumped back out when I heard my phone ring. I put a hand to my chest, Jesus Christ. +

"Hello?" +

"Why the hell haven't you answered my texts"14

And it was Caden.+

"I've been busy" I said, but honestly I'd just forgotten. 1

"With what"1

"None of your business" I said, my voice definitely giving away how annoyed I was. There was silence on the other end for a minute.1

"You fell asleep too fast last night love" he sounded slightly sad for just a moment but then it was gone "we could have done so many other things"53

I turned the car on "what is that supposed to mean Caden?" I knew exactly what he meant but I would rather play dumb. 2

Looking over my shoulder I pulled out of the driveway. +

"I want you Bella" 44

My stomach fluttered with the familiar feeling of anxiety but there was a mix of childish happiness that everyone gets, like when they find out their crush likes them back. 31

"Don't come into my house like that again please" I said softly "I didn't like that"10

To my surprised he apologized "I'm sorry love, I just needed you"3

"I have to go okay?" I couldn't focus on the road when he was switching up on me like this. 1

"Drive safe Bella" 17

And the phone call dropped. +

I pulled into the parking lot and grabbing my bag and note book before waking inside, +

It definitely wasn't too bad looking inside, clean tables and neatly organized bar, low lighting and a door in the back leading to an outdoor patio, 2

"Bella, I swear if you are late one more time you are out of a job"9

And this was Rob, my boss, a complete dickhead.4

"I'm not late Rob, its 5 right now" +

He smirked " it's actually a couple minutes after, I can forget it though, why don't we talk in my office" 57

The way he talked creeped me the fuck out, I edged away from him.4

"Sorry, won't be late again, I swear" +

With that, I took off and walked over to the stage. Kenny was the lead guitarist, and his brother Mike was on drums, they both just nodded to me as I stepped up to the microphone and pulled it down to my level. 2

I checked the sound a couple times while they got set up, despite the creepy boss and the weird bar goers, this was one of my favorite places to be. +

It wasn't very crowded tonight, only a few people sitting at the bar, the rest were at tables and a few lingered by the stage.6

I began, and as the night went on more and more people came in. I never really made eye contact or looked at their faces but when I glanced at the doorway, I did a double take. +

Then I saw him.+

The man standing in the doorway, his face shadowed.24

I nearly faltered, his eyes watching me so intently.+

I recognized those eyes, they were the color of an ocean on a dark night, slightly stormy.25

I wanted to know how he had known I was here, but reminded myself how stupid that question was. +

I finished a little early and stepped off the stage pushing my way through the crowd to find him but by the time I got there he was gone.47

Bella's POV 3

Back at school on Monday I was getting glares from most of the teachers+

I hadn't done any of my homework since the dance, Hell I hadn't done a lot of it before the dance either. I hadn't told Jenna what was going on, and I definitely hadn't mentioned the recommendation for me to begin my therapy sessions again. There was no way I'd get into college at this point but it wasn't really a big concern. I stood leaning against the lockers avoiding people's glances but I couldn't avoid the whispers of my classmates. My friends joined me, not noticing the looks I was getting because they were arguing about something.+

Lisa rolled her eyes at them "well I think we should go, the IDs look so real"The rest of the group was crossing their arms and looking skeptical. Avery "but there are like, grown men there, what if they think we're hot and try to fuck us?"Avery was honestly one of the dumbest people I knew yet she was one of my closest friends.Lisa "just go along with it, or are you waiting for Brandon to finally sleep with you, he doesn't even know you exist"37

"Um, guys," I said, "what are we talking about"? I'd decided to actually see what they were talking about, tired of laughing silently at them now.+

Lisa looped her arm through mine "see Bell, some of the hot guys are rumored to be going to thunder, you know that Bar? and so we asked if we could come and they said yes and that they can get us fake IDs"+

My eyes widened, thunder was the Bar I sang at, and I was singing there again tonight.+

"Um I don't think you guys should go there, you guys don't know the first thing about going out and being around that kind of crowd"+

Lisa arched an eyebrow "and you do?"+

I shook my head "what I mean is that you don't know how to tell a guy no"73

Then again neither did I. 6

Lisa looked annoyed "well we are going whether you like it or not"Then she began to flounce off but I stopped her."I'm coming, I don't want you to get hurt"5

She smirked, looking so happy, she squealed and they ran off talking about dresses and guys and makeup.+

Alice just shrugged "just let them go Bella, they are fucking weird, it won't be too bad if they see you sing there right?"+

I sighed, I didn't really want them in that bar, I didn't want them seeing that different side of me.I rolled my eyes at Alice and we walked to our next class.7

I couldn't really concentrate, we sat down near the back and used our books to hide our phones while we continued to text each other about that night. +

"Are they actually going to go through with this Alice?"+

I saw her text bubbles appear and then disappear, she needed to think about it a second. +

"Idk, probably, they don't really understand why it's bad ya know" +

I signed and slumped down with my face on the desk. +

I'd texted Caden last night, for the very first time on my own, not in response to him. 2

It was a little bit stupid but I didn't sing in front of people that knew me, strangers were much easier to deal with. I'd wanted to know what he thought. But men are stupid and so his reply had been something like "I didn't like the men staring at you, but yes you were amazing my love"8

Again men are dumb. 27

The day passed by quickly, and I didn't really pay attention, school wasn't really a place I wanted to be. As soon as it ended I was startled out of my walking comatose state by Avery, who was overly excited about "clubbing" tonight. +

She pulled us all over to her car and ran through her plan, she wanted to have everyone come over and start getting ready right that moment, makeup would be first and then clothes but we couldn't eat because that would make it less easy to get drunk.13

Alice gave me a look that said run and she pointed across the parking lot, redirecting Avery's gaze for a second and I slipped away. +

When I got home, I opened the door to my room and slumped onto my bed. My bag falling off my shoulder dramatically. +

"Long day?" 8

I jumped up, nearly falling off the bed. +

"You said you wouldn't do that!" I said, punching his arm, but before my fist could even make contact, he grabbed my wrist and yanked me up, standing right in front of him. Our faces closer together then they had ever been. 18

I stool there shocked as he stroked my hair out of my face. 4

"I know, I'm sorry love" and he sounded sincere but couldn't hide his smile. 7

He wrapped an arm around my waist and twisted me so that he was sitting on the bed while I was practically on his lap. 13

"I could have punched you if I wanted to" I muttered.+

"You sure could have baby girl" but his eyes seemed distracted, his hand wondered over my hip and moved over my thigh. Wherever he touched me I had goosebumps, a thrilling sort of feeling. A feeling that hadn't been there in the longest time. 17

"I have to get ready" I said trying to push him away from me but I wasn't able to get out of his grasp. 5

"Bella" he whispered "your friends aren't really going to try and go out tonight right ? There's a lot of bad people in town right now, believe me I would know" 10

"Yeah because you're one of them" I shot back, still trying to get out of his grip, but honestly I wasn't really struggling too hard. 3

He laughed "sure, love, whatever you want to think" 13

I stopped struggling and looked at him dead in the eyes, I moved my hands slowly over his chest, feeling every muscle. 9

He reacted with my movement, seeming surprised at first but became more relaxed. I continued moved my hands down till they were on his hips. 1

"Tonight will be fun, you know, going out with them" I leaned over slightly, as he relaxed his hold on my thigh to hold up his own weight. +

"Will it?" He muttered, he eyes flashing.+

I moved my hand over to his belt buckles and just brushed over the zipper to his jeans, yeah he was already too excited about what I was doing. But it had worked, I stepped backwards off the bed and avoided his grab for me. 33

"It will" I said smiling and I went to the closest to grab a dress+

He groaned something that sounded like "that's not fair" but I didn't pay attention.1

I felt weirdly powerful in that moment, despite the fact that I had zero power in this situation, in my life, in anything. 9

I slipped off my shirt and put the dress on quickly  before he could look over at me. Pulling off my pants and putting on a pair of black high heeled boots. 6

"You're going to be cold in that" he said, not looking up from where he was laying in the bed. +

I grabbed his jacket off the floor and pondered if the leather would look good with what I was wearing. 21

"Oh well" I said, pulling it on over my dress, I grabbed my bag and pulled open the door. +

He followed me down the stairs and into kitchen where I glanced around for my Keys.2

Caden's POV4

I Watched Bella's face as she slowly drifted to sleep.+

Her friends lay on the couch, their clothes still on and their hair pulled in messy heaps in their heads. When we had gotten back they'd already been out cold.5

I'd quietly taken her upstairs and turned on the shower for her. Making sure the water was almost boiling before I told her it was ready. 8

I'd grabbed a pair of shorts and a T-shirt from the closet and put them on the counter and sat on her bed till she was finished. 1

She didn't know it was things were getting bad around here. 3

To my knowledge, a lot of people were showing up that hadn't been seen in a long time, a lot of people with bad ties. Something was about to go down and I didn't want to be any part of it but I might not have a choice. +

She came out of the bathroom with a towel in one hand as she finished drying off her hair. +

"You're still here" she said, her tone not giving off any hints of annoyance.

"What made you think I would leave?" I asked.3

She glared at me for a second, god she was adorable. Her skin was so smooth and her hair smelled so good, like flowers.+

She hung the towel up and sat down in bed "do you do this to a lot of woman then, is that what this is?" She asked, not looking at me. 16

What did she mean? I moved closer to her, and without much resistance I pulled her over to me so that she was leaning against my chest. 1

"Bella" I said, trying to get distracted as I ran my hand over her bare thigh "you know it's you, it's only you,  I can't even look at anyone else, do you understand how wrong that is? You're barely 18, I'm not too much older then you but it's a lot of differences between our lives at the moment"111

I moved my hand further up her thigh, feeling her shiver under my touch. 1

"I'm not here to hurt you, I'm here for you, and no one else touches you, do you understand" 1

My jaw clenched, if anyone did try, they would be losing their hand. +

She leaned her head against my chest just slightly and sighed "I've got issues" she muttered softly, 30

She moved off of me and lay down, she hand wrapping around my chest and her leg wrapping around mine. 1

"Fuck up my life as much as you want Caden" she said sleepily "but don't you dare do it to anyone else"74

Was my perfect Bella being jealous ? I thought I'd caught a hint of it earlier but had brushed it off. 7

I would do anything for this woman. 15

I closed my eyes and breathed,  Bella was safe and that was all that mattered. +

I waited until she was fully asleep and then untangled myself from her, moving her blankets back over her legs. 3

I walked silently through the house and stepped outside into the rain. +

I stepped onto my bike and began to drive. I had a very particular destination in mind tonight.I knows the guy who has threatened her at the bar, and I knew his address. I couldn't seem to remember his name thought for the life of me, but he was bad news.11

I shut my headlights off and pulled up around the corner from his house, my phone had been turned to airplane mode as soon as I left, I was going to be tracked here by anyone. +

I put on a pair of black leather gloves to hide my fingerprints, and a black mask, I can't exactly be arrested now can I.2

I pulled up my black hood, as I walked over to the door, which was unlocked. I smirked, he had thought he was safe. I stepped inside, and took in all of my dimly lit surroundings.1

Most of the lights were off as I walked further into his house, the furniture was scarce and posters of wrestling stars lined the wall.+

I heard distinctive moaning coming from the bedroom, I paused for a second. Of course this was when I was decided to break in here. 17

I opened the door and stepped inside, noticing all the clothes thrown across the room, I closed the door and locked it behind me.+

He lay on the bed, a blond girl on top of him, both nakedShe screamed and tried to cover her body with one of his sheets.5

He got up "dude what the fuck is going on here, why are you in my fucking house?"4

I smiled and took a step forward.+

"Darren," I said smiling, I'd finally remembered his name. 1

I cocked my gun "why are you back in town?"+

I saw the shock on his face when he got what I had just said.+

"I uh" he looked around "look, I just came back to help out some buddies of mine, I didn't mean to touch your woman I swear"6

I shook my head, wrong answer.1

"O - OK dude I'm sorry I didn't mean to I was just after her friend and didn't me -"10

I shook my head again, aiming the gun right at his head. +

He went silent, the woman kept screaming so I shot her, she seemed annoying anyway.198

I saw him watch in horror as her body fell, blood dripping over his sheets.+

I turned back to him, my eyes expressionless "your turn Darren" +

I pulled the trigger and his body fell, it was too bad he was so stupid, I really had wanted to know why he was back, I didn't remember exactly who he worked for but I know he hadn't like me. 1

I turned the lights off and retraced my steps, making my way back outside. +

He hadn't kept any security cameras mounted anywhere which was good, it mean less work for me. 1

I took off on my bike, going at full speed down the highway back to my house, despite my urge to go back to a sleeping Bella. 1

Technically this was my second house, one I had acquired through my late father. He had been building it up from the ground, and we had only gotten to the base level before he passed away. 3

It was built in the middle of the woods with large clear windows overlooking the entire town from where it stood halfway up the hill. It had tall whitewashed walls with no artwork or portraits hanging on them, minimal furniture and a lot of weapons.12

I had other places I would stay, the smaller house closer to Bella, and a couple apartments here and there, just in case I needed an escape. 6

I pulled up to the gate, the tracker I had on me alerting it to begin to swing open. +

Now unlike Darren, every square inch of the outside was covered in cameras, I couldn't be too careful. +

I quickly pulled off my jacket and clothes and stepped in the shower. +

I should have just done this with Bella, god I couldn't have been able to focus though. +

I wrapped a towel around my hips and sat down on the couch, grabbing my phone and turning it on. +

I scrolled through the messages on my phone, none of it seemed important except for one email.+

From: Ryder6

To: Caden+

contents of this message: Caden, with all the fucking respect in the world I'm telling you to get your ass back here and help. It's getting rough out here and I'm losing men. Five years has been long enough for you to be creepy to some girl.81

I didn't want to help but I had a obligation to these guys. +

Fuck, I couldn't endanger her by being all of this back into my world. +

But I didn't have much of a choice.2

Cadens POV +

After falling asleep earlier then normal last night I got up at 4 am to make up for my lost time.2

I needed to be more involved in Bellas life, that way she would get used to always having me around. 10

The schools history teacher has suddenly come down with an illness and would be out for a couple of weeks, and I was nice enough to volunteer my time as a substitute. 95

I did like history and the thought and having Bella be my student was kinda hot, fuck I had a lot of fantasies about that. 92

The way she acted around me, so submissive and so affectionate like I had some control over her, was so hot. 2

I needed to be closer to her, I needed to protect her. 2

The school had asked for a teaching degree and the related certification which iv course I had, it was definitely fake but I had it. 19

Tomorrow was going to be fun.+

My phone began to ring, weird, it was still around 6 in the morning, Bella wasn't usually awake this early. +

"Hello?" I asked, getting up from where I sat at my desk.+

"Did you do this ?" Asked Bella's voice through the phone.+

I sighed "do what love?"+

"Kill that man, they showed a picture of his face on the news, it was the guy from the bar" I could hear the tremor in her voice. +

I didn't reply right away but took my time "Bella, he did more then try to hurt you at the bar, I promise I did the best thing for everyone by ending his life" +

"Fuck you" she hissed, I could tell she was angry but she wasn't allowed to say that to me, unless of course if she was underneath me. 38

"I can show you his rap sheet if that would make you feel better love" I sighed, I didn't like that tone in her voice "but the last crime I remember him being accounted for was shooting up a bank, he killed 10 people that day, half of them were kids" 18

She didn't answer and remained silent. 2

"I'll see you later love" I said softly, and hung up the phone. 1

Shit.+

I didn't like her mad but I also didn't want her near that man.1

Bella's POV +

After my phone call with Caden I had given up and tried to sleep again. A sense of dread had overcome me when I had turned on the tv and began to hear the events on the news. He had killed him. I recognized his face immediately, and there wasn't any doubt, this was definitely the guy who had been at the bar last night. +

I opened my eyes and pushed my hair away from my face, rolling over to stare out of the window. I just wanted to sleep. I was so tired and every bone in my body seemed to attacked to the bed, not wanting to move. +

The tree outside my window swayed slowly in the wind. A bird landing every now and then on its branches. +

There was no way I could go back to sleep, I grabbed my phone and began scrolling through Instagram but eventually even that got boring.+

I stood up and made my way across to the closet. It was still early enough in the morning that I had time for a run, even though I was exhausted it might help my head focus. 2

I changed into my running clothes and laced in my shoes. +

I left my phone on the bed and walked down stairs. The girls were all still asleep, passed out on the couch, I could wake them up when I got back.6

I closed the door softly and began to jog, unsure of the route I was going to take. +

My breath came out in white clouds, mingling with the mist that still hung in the air. +

I began to head for the park, there were a couple of trails I really liked there. +

As I turned the corner I felt a arm block my path, snapping my back and almost knocking the breath out of me. 3

I was pulled again this chest and I had to lean over slightly to let air into my lungs.2

"What the fuck is your problem" I said, trying to get out of his grasp. I spun around and tried to push away from him. +

He held his arm steady around my waist and put his free hand under my chin "You look so lovely today" he said, a small smile on his lips. 6

I glared at him "don't touch me, not after what you did" +

His hand stroked the side my cheek and traveled down my neck, his eyes seeming to get distracted and he moved his hand down further. 8

I felt my stomach clench and forgot what I was doing, this wasn't helping me clear my mind.+

"Bella" he whispered, he voice rougher then normal, a hint of longing penetrating through. I finally raised my face to look him in the eyes and instantly knew my mistake. They were stormy, dark and there was pain. I tilted my head slightly and raised my hand to his check, his skin so warm beneath my touch. 17

"How did you know I was here" I whispered, afraid of breaking the silence. 1

"Don't ask about it" he said gruffly, "why do you always put yourself in danger like this, it's too early for you to be running out here like this" 1

I gave him a puzzled expression "oh yeah? I haven't seen a single person aside from you, and you seem to be the most dangerous thing in my life at the moment, I-" I faltered as I felt his hand run my back and over my hips.1

"Don't let me interrupt you love" he said, "please keep talking" 59

I forgot what I was saying as he began to kiss the side of my neck, his hand now holding my throat gently. His other hand grabbing me from behind and picking me up. He carried me to a bench where he sat down, keeping me on top of him, my legs on either side of him. I brought me closer and moved him kisses from my neck to my lips. Biting my bottom lip slightly, pulling me as close as he could.50

I felt heat running over me and I pressed closer against him, my hips pressing closer to him, my hands, on either side of his neck.+

In that moment I needed him, I needed him want me so badly it would hurt.12

I ran my finger down his chest, feeling his tight muscles and down to his pants, I could feel how tight they were becoming.10

I drew my face back for a moment, and he shook his head "don't you dare back away from me" 4

"Oh yeah" I said, watching his expression and my hand massaged slowly on the from of his jeans "are you going to actually choke me then, it was a little bit too gentle" 39

I heard him swear under his breath before he grabbed me again, and with proper force, held my neck, pressing firm on either side with no pressure to my vocal chords.10

"You want me" he snarled "admit it" 12

I bit my lip and smirked "not one bit Caden" 13

"Liar" he said before continuing to kiss along my neck, his teeth biting softly.4

Fuck I did want him, I could feel every muscles ache, my heart was beating so fast and I pressed my self up against his body. +

Everything shattered when his phone began to ring. I pushed myself off his lap and he cursed softly. 1

"What" his tone was sharp, obviously annoyed that he had been interrupted, +

"I know, I can't control what they bring into the docks, that's Ryders job not mine, hold on"+

He hung up and stood up, offering me his hand. +

"You should cover up your neck little dove" he fingers gentle stroked over the hickey that was getting darker by the second. "I'll see you later okay" 5

I was still in shock but nodded, accepting the small kiss he gave me, before he walked away, back to where I assumed his motorcycle was parked.+

I sat down for a second, my hand on my neck, god I was in trouble. My lips were swollen slightly but the cold felt refreshing against my hot face. 2

I needed to go home and shower before this day got any more weird then it always was. I began jogging back slowly, my mind replaying what had just happened.  5

Caden's POV+

After meeting Bella I got on my bike and drove to school, fuck this was hard, and uh, that was hard too. Having her small body on top of me, her hands touching me. Fuck. I needed to stop thinking about her or there was no way I'd be able to walk.14

That phone call had been troubling, why was everyone so out of control that they couldn't maintain and keep record of the contraband that was being smuggled through on the boats. This was Ryders job, not mine but I might have to check up on things. I knew something had been stirring but I just couldn't identify what it was yet.+

I turned off the engine and I parked the bike, taking my helmet with me. +

There were many people here yet, a couple of athletes training before classes began, a few teachers milling about. +

I walked to the office and was met by a middle aged woman "oh hi, you must be the substitute history teacher, Mr. Grey was it ?"41

I smiled and nodded, what a fucking joke, Mr. Grey? Had she never read a book and realized this was a fake name. I would have to ask Bella what she thought of the name, I knew she kept that book tucked away in her drawer but I'd seen her a couple times, engulfed in its pages. 28

I signed a couple papers and received the lesson plans from the current teacher, glancing over them quickly before students began to filter in.+

I did quite like history so it wasn't that hard to continue the lessons where the other teacher has left off. +

All I could think about was the 3 period, when Bella had history. +

She was almost late to the class, but came in at the last second, her eyes downward, glancing at Alice's phone. +

I watched her as she sat down and her eyes met mine, widening and her hands clenching the desk.+

I could tell my presents was a little distracting to them, but I sat back and let a presentation play, and then opened up a book while I let them have a group workshop, discussing what had just been watched, 1

I glanced up when I saw my Bella walking over me at the desk. She just looked annoyed, but she stopped in front of me.+

"Why are you here"She asked, her hands playing with the bottom of her skirt. +

"Because you are mine, and I didn't want to stay so far away from you" I said, my eyes could stop from looking over her.11

She wore a baggy T-shirt and red pleated shirt, white socks pulled up past her ankles and black boots. Her hair was slightly wavy today, her eyes standing out against her black eyeliner. 41

 "Think your stupid plan through next time" she said, exasperated. "You can't exactly talk to me like normal if they all believe you're a teacher" +

"Stop playing with your hands, love" I said softly, I wanted nothing more to then have her on top of me right then but I knew I couldn't do that. "I need to keep you safe" My tone has dangerous and the look on her face showed she knew that.12

She sighed and crossed her arms "did you seriously have to use the name Mr, Grey? Do you know how cliché that is" +

I smiled "there's a couple other parts from that book we can do don't worry" I said, my hand running up her thigh, hidden from view by the desk, the talking in the room too loud for anyone to hear our conversation. 20

She glanced down and my hand disappeared under her skirt, softly brushing over her. 3

"Stop" she hissed "someone's going to see, you can't do this here" 2

I moved a finger underneath the band of her underwear, Touching her soft skin. 32

"I cannot believe this is all your wearing underneath this Bella"  I said, feeling her muscles clench slightly and I moved my hand away from her, brushing over where she was most sensitive, my thumb just barely touching the fabric.8

She put a hand on the desk as if to steady herself.+

"I want you to do something for me" she said, trying to not meet my eyes. +

I could tell from the tone in her voice that she was serious.+

"I want you not to hurt people, waking up to hear about that was bad but I can't take the guilt anymore" she went back to playing with the hem of her skirt. 16

I watched her movements, her eyes were glistening slightly, her hands trembling. +

"Okay" I said, I think I had enough of a hold on the people around her now that it wouldn't be too much of a problem. +

She looked surprised "you're really just agreeing so easily?"+

I nodded. +

"It's simple Bella, I can't stand anyone who hurts you, and I'm not going to be one of them, your the only thing that's important to me" 6

She gave a small smile and returned to her seat, my eyes following her. Yeah I wasn't getting up anytime soon, and this was the second time today. God the things that girl did to me.26

Bella's POV +

At the end of the school day, I was sitting outside by the track, the sun feeling so good at it warmed my neck and shoulders. Alice lay on her stomach and had a book opened on the ground. +

"You know what I don't get" she said suddenly, looking up at me "how is the history sub so young, I mean he doesn't look much older then us and he was hot" 23

I sighed "I don't know, maybe he just finished school really fast" I really didn't want to talk about it. +

The way he'd looked at me and touched me during class, fuck that was so hot. I had felt my legs shaking when I'd gone back to my seat, and I hadn't really been able to focus much after that. +

"I think he's so hot though, I wonder if he has a girlfriend" she pondered the thought "hey, there he is" 6

She pointed across the field and I turned my head to look. +

She was right, Caden sat in the shade next to another teacher, papers covering the table in front of them. +

I gritted my teeth, she was maybe in her mid 30's but definitely one of the more attractive teachers. 11

I got up "I just remembered, I forgot to ask about the homework, I never tuned it in today" +

Alice shrugged "he ask him" 6

I stood up and walked over to him "Mr. Grey" I said in my sweetest voice, leaning over the table a bit, my skirt riding up ever so slightly "I forgot I had a couple questions about the homework" +

He cocked his head at me, a bit confused by my tone.+

"I'll be right back then" the woman said, "you want a coffee?"+

He shook his head as she got up and walked inside.+

My smile dropped "why are you talking to her?"56

He laughed softly "is that jealousy in your voice baby girl?"46

I glared at him "I never said that, you're only a sub you don't need to talk to the other woman here" 5

He looked around before putting his hand on mine "I like you when you're a bit crazy" 3

I snatched my hand back "you're crazy" I muttered.+

"I'll kill her right now if you want me to" he said, opening his jacket to show me the gun holstered inside "you wouldn't even have to ask me twice"72

"I really don't want you to do that" I said "but if I'm not allowed to be close the men then you aren't allowed to be close to woman" 15

He stood up in front of me, close, but not close enough for anyone to be suspicious should they see. "Oh yeah? How are you going to keep me in line?" 6

His voice was soft and playful, but I knew if I focused on it for long I would get distracted. +

"You're going to quit" I said, crossing my arms over my chest "and you're going to take me somewhere, I want to see your life since you keep forcing yourself into mine, I don't even know where you live" 10

He smiled "deal"2

Cadens POV7

I'd watched Bella and she drove away, so she wanted to know more about my life now? I didn't exactly want that to happen but I wanted her. 3

I got on my bike and drove home, taking a new route just in case someone was still following me. The stalker being stalked. For a couple years after I'd left my old group of guys I'd noticed a tail on me. I always saw the same cars circling my houses and in the crowds I would notice a couple guys always keeping tabs on me. Ryder definitely sent them. They had stopped thankfully, and I wasn't sure if it was because I eventually lost them or because someone lost interest in me.2

Even though I was done with my old life. I was weary that it would resurface soon. A couple of my friends had gotten in contact because something seemed to be going on but nobody was found guilty. 1

When I got home I saw a man on my front porch, and he wasn't trying to hide his presence which meant two things. He knew exactly who I was and knew it was useless to hide, and second, he needed me for something. I got off my bike cautiously, ready to take out my gun in a seconds notice but as it turns out I didn't have to.+

The man wore a long black trench coat and combat boots covered in dirt, it didn't look very conspicuous but I didn't think that was the point.+

His silver hair was spiked up and he looked about twenty-eight, twenty-seven.9

"Larx, what the hell do think you're doing here?" I asked, walking up the steps wearily.5

The man, Larx stepped forward looking around, making sure that I was alone.+

"we need your help, Cade"2

I stared at him then without hesitation, took my gun out, cocking it and pointing it straight at his face.1

"Go inside right now or I'll shoot" I said and his expression flickered from annoyed to scared but only for a second, then he hurriedly walked inside. I followed him in, locking the door behind me.+

"Speak" I ordered him as he sat down on the couch.+

He looked down at his hands "Ryders on some shit Caden, I haven't seen it this bad in a while. We have guys dying everyday and none of weapons are coming in like he says, the boats aren't taking that crap anymore"2

Fuck, of course it had to do with Ryder. 1

"He's got this whole plan in his head to start getting involved with the distribution instead of just smuggling this shit and anyone who disagrees with him goes down" 2

I lowered my gun a bit "I mean it makes sense to distribute and smuggle, saves time and money, but our guys aren't going to even fit the part of putting that shit out there" +

"I know, Caden, dude you have to come back for a second and just get shit organized, he's going off his rocker, I don't know how much more of this shit the guys can take" +

I nodded, I understood his point but I also didn't want to get so involved again, although these guys liked me and respected me, I knew there were a couple that would fire a bullet at me and claim it was an accident.+

"Okay" I said slowly "but of Ryder gives me any shit I'm done"3

He looked so thankful "thank you, now that I'm done fucking begging for your help, can we grab a beer? It's been a long day" +

Bella, I really should be getting back to her but she had made it clear she wanted to be part of my life. I hadn't planned on involving her just yet, but I didn't want to spend time away from her. +

I grabbed two beers from the fridge and unlocked my phone, texted her the address and letting her know to come alone and to come fast. 7

I opened the beers and passed one over to him.+

"Bella's coming" I said, smirking, +

"Dude, there's no way you actually did that, you're fucking psychotic, god that poor girl"9

I punched his arm "she couldn't resist my charm, and very hot threats" 3

He shook his head "you could have just talked to her"  no I couldn't have. I needed her, I needed her to be all mine, I wasn't an option was she choosing. She was already with me and she didn't know it. 1

I checked her location and saw her close by so I went to the door and undid the locks, walking outside.7

She looked around her wearily as she got out of her car "this is where you live ?" She asked, looking a little skeptical. +

"It's one place where I live, I'll take you to the others soon love" I just needed a second to take in how beautiful she was. She still wore her red skirt and T-shirt but had thrown my leather jacket over the top. I didn't even remember her taking that. 5

God the things I wanted to do to her, touch her, please her, kiss her lips until they were swollen. And I had to give her more marks like the ones I'd made on her neck, she needed to know I was claiming her. 7

She snapped her fingers in front of my face "wake up dumbass" I grabbed her wrists and pulled her against me "you stole my jacket little one" I whispered in her ear, smelling the scent of jasmine from her hair. 2

"I know, but it's warm, sorry" she shrugged and pulled open the door "why am I here Caden"+

"Because he's somehow roped you into putting up with him" said Larx, leaning his head back against the couch, not even looking up. +

She paused for a second and I pulled her against me, taking the perfect opportunity to squeeze her ass. She looked back at me with a glare but I  could see she was biting her lip to stop from making a sound. +

And she was still wearing barely anything under her skirt, fuck. I needed to sit down but I knew she felt me getting hard. 3

"Bella" I said, a bit distracted "this is Larx, you want to know what's going on in my life ? We are starting here" +

He raised a hand "again, how you've put up with him until now and not called the cops on his ass is a bit crazy to me" 38

She tilted her head slightly "I tried, you know that ? Phone call couldn't ever go through, and I didn't ever seem to make it to the station" 2

Yeah that had been my fault. As reluctant as I was to take my hands away from her body I did and grabbed her a beer. +

I sat down and pulled her to me, she sat down and swung her legs over mine. 2

"This jacket has a place for a gun" she stated, showing me the place where a gun belonged. I nodded "you never know when you need to have one"+

She raised an eyebrow at me. "Caden why did you bring me over here if we are just going to get drunk, this doesn't tell me anything about you."+

Larx laughed "just snoop around the house while he's gone, there's a lot of great pictures of him around here" 7

I placed my hand on her thigh, drawing her attention back to me. 1

"I just needed you here" I said, and it was the truth, I couldn't do this without her, I couldn't do anything without her. I needed to be holding her, touching her. If she ever managed to disappear from my life I was done. 3

Her hand stroked my chest, and she wrinkled her nose "you're cute" she said, moving her hand lower18

And without blinking she took the gun that was hidden in the back of my waistband and cocked up, holding it under my chin. I froze for a second, how had she done that. I knew for sure she was against guns, she didn't believe in the laws around them or even in being able to open carry.  6

"Sorry" she said, but still holding it firm "just wanted to see if I could catch you off guard" 26

In two seconds flat I grabbed it out of her hand and had her throat in my fist. Her eyes were wide but there was a sparkle in her eyes. "Baby girl" I said softly "don't do that again"72

She winked at me and I let go of her. +

Something had changed in the way she acted around me, and I couldn't pick up when it had switched. She was comfortable, and didn't care if she threw insults at me. She was jealous which was the hottest thing I'd ever seen. She's changed, and it was good. 3

"You are pretty much just fucking each other with your eyes" said Larx, chugging his drink and instead of grabbing another, he opened a flask he'd taken from his pocket. 19

We sat for hours like that, continuing to get drunk and for hours I held her. Twirling her hands between my fingers, stroking her smooth thigh, my hand wondering up her skirt ever so often. Then I realized. 1

That's why she had changed. +

She wasn't afraid of me, she knew I wouldn't hurt her. She felt safe with me. I would protect for as long as I was here, she didn't ever need to worry again.22

Bella's POV4

I sat with my legs across his lap, my hands around a can of beer. +

It was weird being here,  meeting his friend who really didn't talk much, and when he did he just gave Caden shit. +

I tilted my can up and finished it, my lips tingling slightly, I was definitely a little tipsy. +

I grabbed me phone from my pocket and saw Jenna had sent me a text. Her brother was doing better but she needed to stay a while longer. Damn. I hated being home alone without her. The I felt nervous butterfly's in my stomach. What it I stayed the night here, I was already tipsy, so I shouldn't drive. 1

I had been thinking none stop about him. Feeling his body, driving him crazy but the hottest thing was his reaction to me. 2

"Bella" he said, snapping me out of my thoughts "we're going upstairs babygirl" 12

Larx pulled a pillow over his head, and in a muffled voice said "I'll be passed out down here with earplugs in" 27

Caden smacked the side of his head, before grabbing my hand and pulling me up the stairs. +

I couldn't help but stare at the pictures on the walls, recognizing Cadens face in them. His smile causing my heart to warm.+

He pulled me into the bedroom and I looked around. He had black sheets and black pillows, no art hung on the walls but a tattered poster for slipknot was taped on the back of the door. He had a couple books on a shelf near his desks and three huge monitors. There was headphones and a couple maps folded up next to the computers. Along with multiple fingerprint coded safes hiding against the wall. 22

He pulled my jacket off, I looked over at him, a nervous feeling welling up in the pit of my stomach. +

"What are you doing?" I asked, and he pulled my tshirt over my head.+

"You" he said, kissing my forehead "are a bit drunk and are going to go shower, then you're putting on my shirt and your sleeping beside me"62

I saw his eyes gaze at me, running down my body as he continued to undress me. +

"You're not going to do anything?" I asked, almost hopefully and he smiled softly.+

"No baby girl, I'm not doing anything, for the first time anyway while your drunk, no matter how difficult it is, believe me, I want to do so many things to you but we are going to wait till you want me to"35

I closed my eyes a stumbled slightly, his arms reaching out to steady me.+

He had to be lying, what guy would every do that, all they wanted to something to fuck, and I didn't matter to most if they person said yes or not.2

"Okay?" He said and I nodded, following him to the bathroom where he turned on the shower. He pulled me skirt off and pulled me to him "baby you've got to take all that off because I will get very distracted" 1

My black bra and underwear were still on and I smiled at him as he shook his head and walked out the door.+

I got into the shower, leaving my clothes on the floor. The warm water leaving my skin pink. I washed my hair with his shampoo and conditioner, thankful he didn't have that two in one bullshit. And ran a bar of soap over myself before rinsing off and stepping out onto the black bathmat. I grabbed the towel and ring out my hair once before wrapping it around me. I opened the door and was met with the cold air. 16

Caden sat at the desk, shirtless, his face expressionless. I saw multiple camera viewpoints brought up on the monitor. He spun around stared at me. 6

"What?" I asked, looking down self consciously. +

"You're the most beautiful woman iv ever seen in my life" he said softly. His muscles rippled and he pushed himself off the chair, my eyes wondering over the tattoos on his chest. 1

He grabbed a black T-shirt and handed it to me, along with a pair of tight boxers.+

He sat back down but his eyes never left me. 1

Knowing exactly what I was doing, I pulled the towel off and brought it to me hair, getting the last few droplets of water. 11

I heard him take a breath in and smiled softly.+

I pulled on the clothes he'd given me and lay down on the bed. +

"You just want me to hurt don't you" he said, shutting off the computer and climbing over beside me. I moved over into his arms, closing my eyes. "A little" I murmured, and he kissed softly "go to sleep" he said, but I was already passed out. 3

Bella's POV+

I woke up alone, Cadens heavy black blanket wrapping me up. I sat up slowly, slightly groggy. 2

I blinked me eyes, the sun streaming in from the window blinding me for a moment. +

"You're up" he said, closing the door behind him. +

"Hi" I said softly, as he placed a cup of coffee in my hands, his own cup on the desk nearly empty. He sat down and continued cleaning a gun that lay dismantled on the desk. He wore all black again today, and his hair still looked wet from the shower. How long had he been awake ? Definitely long enough to shower and get dressed, and too be fair I didn't even know what time it was.5

 "You sleep okay princess?" He asked, a hint of concern in his voice. He eyes seemed to look straight into my head, examining every single thought. 1

Fuck, I had definitely talked in my sleep. I had known for a while that I did that, and it started from panic attacks I would get in the middle of the night. My therapist had told me it was fine but I needed to stay away from screens before bed and take certain medications, none of which really helped. +

"What did I say" I asked, embarrassed. +

He chuckled "no don't worry, you just said random words but you did say my name at one point which makes me happy"6

I took a sip of coffee and relaxed back into the bed, I couldn't place what I was feeling, but the closest I could get to was safety. I was comfortable here. +

I didn't remember what I'd dreamed about, but it hadn't been anything bad. +

I shook my head "I don't remember" and he flashed me a small smile before turning his hands back to his work.+

I spent the morning in bed, watching him as he cleaned various weapons, every now and then I'd ask a question, and he would answer. Explaining in great detail what certain parts of the equipment did. 4

"I have to do this job" he finally said after a moment of silence "and it's not going to be good" +

Job? What job was he talking about, did this have anything to do with the guy I'd met last night? Larx? +

"What job?" I asked softly, putting my cup down and stretching, suddenly feeling very aware I was just wearing a T-shirt and underwear. 5

He clicked the barrel back into the gun and took a long look at me, his eyes focusing on mine.+

"I'm not sure, they just want me to help figure some stuff out for them, I'm not quit sure what happening but something's wrong" he brushed his hand through his hair, visibly unsettled "they would ask me to help unless it was bad"+

I didn't want him to leave but I didn't know why. I had grown so used to his presence here with me that having him gone, just felt like I was doing something wrong. I had grown attached and it was bad. 2

"I don't want you to go" I said selfishly, pulling the blankets higher around me "just stay here with me" +

I his sides of his mouth move slightly, my comment had gotten a smile out of him.1

"Oh yeah" he said as he put down the gun gently and walked over to me, pulling my warm covers away from my body. 1

"Fuck Bella" he said softly, his eyes wondering over me "you can't just look like that and not expect me to do something"1

I bit my lip, the butterfly's fluttering in my stomach. +

"Then do it" 20

I moved closer to him, holding eye contact nervously. +

Without hesitation he grabbed my legs and yanked me to him, pulling my shirt above my head and throwing it to the ground. He grabbed my thighs and I felt his muscles tightened as he picked me up, his mouth kissing a line from my neck to my chest, his tongue catching my nipple in his mouth. 27

Fuck.+

I had to arch my head back to stop from moaning, my nails digging into his back, his tongue sending shivers up my spine. +

As fast as he had picked me up, he threw me down on the bed again, pulling him shirt off and exposing his chest. 4

He undid his belt and pulled it out of the loops on his jeans. 2

Without saying a word he grabbed my hands and looped the belt around my wrists, holding them above my head, conveniently looping them through one of the rods that made up his bed frame.  30

He took a step back and stared at me, his eyes moving over my body.+

"Bella" he said softly, his finger running down my stomach, as I arched my back in resistance. +

"Yes" I said softly, not knowing what else to say, while my entire body craved his touch. +

"You're mine do you understand that, you're never going to be with anyone else, look at anyone else or even think about anyone else" he whispered, grabbing a handful of my hair and pulling my head back.5

"Yes Mr. Grey" I said, trying to keep my face as straight as I could, but I couldn't resist the joke. 39

He didn't find it as funny as I did though as he pulled my head back further and put his other hand on my throat. 1

"What did you say" he hissed in my ear. 3

I stammered "yes, I said yes" +

"Good girl" 5

He bit down harder on my neck, his tongue swirling around the new marks he'd left, soothing the small pain. He pulled off my underwear as he lay kiss after kiss down my stomach. 1

He tongue caught me by surprise and I had to bite my lip to stop from crying out, fuck that felt good. His teeth nipped gently, causing my legs to shake.2

He stopped slowly, backing up to take off his jeans, my legs still shaking slightly.+

He threw his clothes aside and my eyes widened, there was no way he was going to fit inside me. It was physically possible. He grabbed my legs and pulled me close to him, leaning down over to me.12

"Do you want me?" He said, his hand cupping the side of my check, stroking back my hair. 32

Every single part of me ached for him, I needed him, I wanted him. He belonged inside me right this moment. As if on cue I lifted my hips slightly, squirming, but he held my gaze. +

"I want you" I said, "please" 6

And that was all it took, he pushed inside me slowly and I leaned back, flames of pleasure shooting through my body, I heard him swear softly under his breath. He began to move slowly, getting me used to the rhythm. 39

I couldn't think, I could barely even breath, I was overwhelmed with every single nerve ending sending me signals as he moved inside me. +

I felt pressure building up, a tingling sensation beginning to build and then all at once I let go, I clench around him and he grabbed the headboard for support.6

"Fuck" he said, holding my hips steady. I felt him release as I tightened around him, filling me up, my muscles still spasming around him. 54

He slid to the side so he wasn't crushing me and untied me from the make shift restraints he'd made. I rubbed my wrists which were slightly sore from the belt, and curled up in a ball by his side, pulling the blanket over my body.+

He slipped an arm around my waist and pulled me closer to him "this is why you wanted me to stay here with you huh" he said, chuckling softly. I shook my head "no but it definitely made the morning better"8

Bella's POV 1

I turned off my car and stepped out, wincing slightly, my legs slightly sore from what had happened this morning. I had stayed in bed almost all day, but as the light started to fade I decided to drive home. I needed to change but I also needed time to clear my head.7

I unlocked the door and threw my bag down on the couch, taking my phone out of my pocket and sitting down on one of the chairs.+

The house seemed so empty without Jenna, I could call Alice but I wasn't sure what I could say. She hadn't known about any of this, I mean in the beginning I'd mentioned how weird I felt, like I was being watched but we both hadn't taken it to seriously.+

I needed more time with him, I needed more of him but Larx had come to grab him, muttering something about plans. 4

Maybe I could call Alice, I just needed company and I needed to get my mind off Caden. +

I put on a new pair of clothes and began to clean, tying my hair back in a ponytail. The house wasn't a mess but I had left some dishes in the sink and cleaning gave me time to think. +

I jumped as I heard the door open "Bella if you aren't home I will start to cry."+

I closed my eyes and sighed in relief, it was just Alice. +

"You scared me!" I yelled from the kitchen, drying off my hands hurriedly on a towel. +

She appeared in the doorway, "dude, I called you a bunch of time! What's up? You missed school today" +

Shit, I hadn't even remembered that it was Friday, that meant that I was supposed to be at work... shit, about 5 minutes ago. +

"Fuck I'm sorry" I grabbed my phone from the counter and dialed the number for work, hearing the line ring twice before Nick answered.+

"Nick, hi it's Bella, I know I'm already late but something came up, it's kinda of an emergency"+

He sighed "yeah, you'll probably be fine, not many people are here tonight anyway, you good to come in tomorrow?"+

"Honestly, probably not but next weekend should be good" +

"Aight stay safe" and with that he hung up the phone. Fuck, it wasn't like me to forget like this, I hadn't even remembered what day it was. +

"You okay Bella?" Alice looked concerned, but I knew I couldn't tell her.+

I cleared my throat and nodded, trying to avoid her eyes "Jenna's just been gone and it's a little bit hard to be alone" +

"The panic attacks aren't starting again right?" And her tone was serious, I shook my head. "No but I just haven't been thinking clearly, I've been sleeping fine which is a good sign but with no one in the house I get lost in my head"+

She nodded "I can stay here tonight if you want me too" and I smiled, yeah that was a good idea.+

"Thank you" I said, picking up the sponge as I finished the last couple pans. +

"But I'm picking the movie we watch, seeing as you disrespectfully watched my favorite movie without me" she said as she walked over to the couch "I could also invite Avery and have her pick the movie." And I could tell she was smirking.+

"If I wanted to watch she's the man for the hundredth time I would say yes but I'm not in the mood" and she laughed.5

I finished up and sat down besides her on the couch and she turned her eyes to me "does Jenna have an liquor?" And I shrugged "I'm not sure, you can check the top cabinet, I just finished off the beers the other night."+

Alice had turned on the tv and began playing The Breakfast Club, one of her other favorite movies.4

She came back with two shot glasses and a bottle of vodka "Alice!" I said, glancing at the clock "it's 5:30!" And she nodded proudly.+

"You need to relax Bella!" She said, pouring us each a shot "we only have a couple month left before we graduate and I'm not wasting those"5

In unison we touched the trouble with the shot glasses and took them, I scrunched my nose and made a face, I really didn't like vodka. 7

"You sure there wasn't any tequila?" And she shrugged "go look yourself, I'm going to stick with Tito's."7

I went into the kitchen and stood up on a stool so I could reach the cabinet above the fridge, grabbing a bottle of tequila. +

As the night continued, we got around to shot 5, and I took it, slamming the cup back on the table and leaning back. My lips were tingling and I looked over at Alice "dude it's only like 7 right now" +

She giggled "I know, I wonder if Dan would be able to come over, I told you about him right?" +

I opened my mouth in a mock gasp of surprise "no!"+

She smiled "ahhhh okay, he's one of the guys on the football team, he transferred here last quarter but he's really sweet, we've hung out a couple times after practice which you would have known if you'd answered my texts!" +

I slouched down in my seat "I'm sorry, I got distracted!"+

We were both pretty much yelling now "with what!" She yelled and I began to feel my heart beat going faster.+

"I don't know, just a lot on my mind!" +

She looked hurt by my answer "fine you don't have to tell me" she grabbed her phone and connected it to the blue tooth speaker "we're dancing now" and I wanted to be swallowed by the chair and just disappear. I hadn't been a good friend to her the past couple weeks and I felt like crap. She didn't deserve that, especially seeing as she had always been there for me, through everything. +

I stood up and poured two more shots, I needed my heart rate to slow down, I could feel the cold sweat on my palms. I didn't want to lie to her and she hadn't pressed the subject but still. 2

She grabbed my hand and pulled me up, dimming the lights a bit as her music began to play. +

I handed her the shot glass and moved into the kitchen, promising this would be the last one I took. I stumbled slightly but caught myself on the counter. +

I tilted my head back, the tequila warming my stomach. I could feel the base in the song she was playing, but I wasn't focusing. +

I took a small breath and let it out. My heart going back to normal slowly. +

Suddenly I was slammed to the ground and the song cut off. 9

I tried to see what was happening but my vision was blurred, but that didn't matter, I knew who had me wrapped in his arms.+

"Don't say a word" he said, his tone dead serious, his eyes looking over where Alice had been.+

"Turn the lights off!" He hissed and everything went into darkness. +

I smiled, he was here, my Caden, and on top of me. 8

"Hi" I said and he shook his head, putting a hand over my mouth "I love you baby but don't say another word okay?" +

And I widened my eyes, shaking my head yes. +

I heard car engines firing as they passed by the house. Sirens somewhere in the distance, stopping abruptly. And the men's voices, not right by the window but definitely passing by on the street. +

Caden's POV+

I held her close to me all night, my gun right beside me, barely closing my eyes.+

I hadn't let her know how bad the situation was.+

I was almost certain now that Ryder had sold us out but I didn't know why. Something was wrong but it has been more then just that, Larx had been acting on edge since I'd seen him and it wasn't normal. 3

I lay there beside her until I saw light beginning to creep into the room, and I quietly got out of bed. She needed to sleep and I needed answers. +

I walked past Alice who had passed out on the couch and locked the door behind me. 2

I walked two block to where I had hidden my bike and turned it on, revving the engine slightly. +

I took off down the streets, making sure I was taking routes far away from Bella. +

I knew exactly where Ryder would be but I didn't exactly want to be there.+

As I got closer to the docks the air began to smell like the ocean, salty and cold, hitting my exposed skin like a knife.+

I cut the engine and walked around to the side of one of the many warehouses. The door was closed but not locked, although I knew they had other security measures. 1

I could hear the cameras wiring and they turned on me, following my movements. +

I went inside silently, walked past a couple of men standing inside the hallway. +

I had come here last night for the first time in a couple years, and Ryder hadn't been pleased. +

"I thought I told you to stay away" said a voice, a hint of cynicism creeping through his words. +

I turned to face Ryder, my muscles tense, ready to jump at the smallest movement from him. +

"How'd it go yesterday" he asked, a smile that didn't quite seem real on his face. +

"It went fine" I said, my voice staying emotionless.+

"So when they started shooting at you it was part of your plan?" He sneered "don't lie to my Caden, those are Reyes's guys, I hear their reports and they aren't about to start a fight with me, but you, they really didn't like you"+

I stiffened "I haven't seen them before, they had no reason to fire" +

He turned away and beckoned me to follow him.+

"Someone ratting us out Caden, and I don't know who" he spoke harshly but kept his tone quiet "you've been a bit preoccupied so iv pretty much ruled you out but I can never be too sure"1

"How do you know" I kept following him till we reached his office, the door unlocking under his fingerprint. +

"Our shipments come through late, trackers have been found and the cartel keeps having their operations busted, and each time the guns we supplied have been used, Reyes is pissed"+

He said down behind a desk, put his hands together.+

"At first I swore it was you but it didn't fit, you had no way of knowing when our boats were coming in" +

I glanced around and saw what a wreck this place had become, papers were sprawled everywhere, weapons laying on the floor and writing covered the walls. +

"It's someone here!" He said "I know, and if I have to kill them all to find out who I'll do it"+

"Who are they reporting to" I asked, casually palming my gun just in case. 5

He shook his head "I don't know, but I'm meeting with someone in about a week and I need everything to go well, that's why you're going to be there"+

I raised an eyebrow "how will I help? Can't Larx or Mason do it?"+

He shook his head and just for a second I saw a hint of something in his eyes.+

Obsession, madness, the feeling of paranoia. +

He was losing it. +

"You're going to be there to insure everything goes smoothly, you're also not going to turn on me because I know about a certain girl who you favor" +

Bella.+

My mind went blank.+

He leaned over the desk "she seems very breakable don't you think" 15

I breathed in a steady breath, trying to control the panic that had welled up. My hands clenched into fists. +

"You're not touching her" I stated, he knew I wasn't messing around, but he just showed me a smile.+

"Of course not"+

We stayed exactly where we still, frozen. +

"Tell me when and where" I said, before turning around and walking out. +

How dare he threaten her.+

Fuck, this wouldn't end up good for either of us. 1

Bellas POV+

Caden had left before I woke up, which annoyed me, but my annoyance might have come from the headache that drove knives into my skull whenever I moved. +

Managing to make my way downstairs I heard Alice groan "I am going to kill you for letting me drink that much" +

"Bitch, it was your idea to drink in the first place" I said, hitting her lightly on the head and she groaned again and covered her face. +

"How did they do this so often in Greys Anatomy" she whined, sitting up finally, her black eyeshadow smeared down her face.4

I shook my head and grabbed two energy drinks out of the fridge "I don't know, and they were working like 40 hour shifts too but it's a tv show so definitely not accurate hangovers"1

She popped open her can and took a sip before leaning back and covering her face.+

"Was there a guy here?" She asked suddenly, her eyes meeting mine.+

My stomach dropped and I stammered "uh yeah, just this guy Caden, he was giving me back my sweatshirt" +

She raised an eyebrow "just returning a sweatshirt?"+

I nodded "yeah I left it at work last time, we've been uh...talking since then" +

She suppressed a smile "dude finally" she sat up more in her seat "you've been avoiding men like they have the plague for three years now" 5

She didn't know half of it and I wasn't going to tell her much else. +

She didn't need to know about my bad decisions with Caden. 1

The door opened and Jenna walked through. Her eyes widened when she saw the empty bottle on the table. +

"You did not drink all of that while I was gone" she said, dropping her bags and putting her hands on her hips. +

"I didn't know you were coming back so soon?" I said, hopping that would make it better.+

She shook her head "put that away right now Alice" and Alice hurriedly gave her a solute, grabbing the bottle and dumping it in the recycling, the shot glasses going into the sink. +

Jenna signed and opened the door more, making room as Gary walked through behind her, holding one of her bags. +

She had to be fucking with me, the cop that had questioned me ? She looked a little sheepish, "thanks for the ride Gary"9

He nodded and gave her a smile "of course, never any trouble to help a lady out" +

He tipped his hat to her and closed to door. +

"Don't look at me like that" she said, exasperated "you forget the cop and I'll forget the drinking, deal?" +

I hugged her tightly, she really was my only family now, even though we weren't blood relatives and I had missed her.1

She hugged me back and pushed my hair of my face "you okay baby ?"2

I nodded "I don't like it when your gone"+

"I know" she hugged me again "thanks for taking care of yourself while I was gone, now please go shower, you still smell like alcohol and I'll be labeled an unfit parent if anyone sees you like this, you too Alice, don't you dare go home to your mother, I already know she doesn't approve of me"+

Alice shrugged "she didn't like that you used non organic apples for the pie your brought over during her party last year, don't hold it against her, she's a little strict about that stuff" +

Jenna shook her head "how you have managed to stay sane this long days a lot about you, go use the shower in my bathroom, there's advil in the top cabinet" 2

I grabbed some clothes for her to change into before jumping in the shower myself. +

The water was so hot, but it burned my skin in the best way. I closing my eyes, breathing in the steam, feeling my muscles become less tense. +

Jenna was finally home and I could relax. +

Ever since I was a kid she had been there, she had been friends with both of my parents and had tried her best to help my mom out after my dad had passed but her pain was too much.  +

I could remember the day everything changed so vividly. She had taken me out to the park, a bag of breadcrumbs in her hands, showing me how to feed the ducks. +

I had been young but not young enough to forget. +

I remember her walking me home, holding my hand, the scream she let out as she walked into the house. She had grabbed me and covered my eyes. +

I remembered the flashing lights of the cop cars, the stares of the neighbors and the stretcher with a sheet draped on top that had been wheeled out.+

She had taken me home with her that night and I had never left. My old house sitting empty for years until it had been sold, the money going into a trust. Legally she adopted me, giving me the childhood I needed, and giving her the child she couldn't have. 5

I scrubbed my skin harder, I didn't want to think about my parents, it was too painful.+

I washed the last drops of conditioner out of my hair and turned the water off, wrapping a towel around my body. +

The mirror was covered in steam but the outline of a heart had been drawn in the center. 9

This motherfucker. 24

I dried myself off and changed into a sweatshirt, a pair of black leggings and a T-shirt, pulling on long white socks that bunched around the ankles. +

I opened the door and Caden sat there, waiting for me. +

"You know" I mulled "I bet you look really stupid climbing up that tree" 13

"I'll blame that comment on your headache love" he said, standing up and kissing my forehead. 3

"Janna's home" I said "she can't catch you up here" +

"I know" he cupped my face in his hands "I just needed to make sure you were safe, I'm going to have some guys watching the house just in case okay?" +

That was worrying "why?" I asked, running my hand down his chest. +

He shook his head "don't worry about it, but call me right away if you see anything out of the ordinary"+

I nodded and relaxed into him, his arms enveloping me in a hug.7

Bella's POV+

I lay beside him in bed, my phone in my hand as I scrolled through Instagram. Jenna hadn't seemed to know he was here yet which was good, and I liked having him in my bed.+

I bit my lip and turned my phone off, turning over to him "what do you do everyday?"+

He smiled and placed his book on the nightstand "I do a lot Bella, but a lot of that involves you"1

I paused, of course that was the answer.+

"Bella" he cupped my face in his hand, "you don't see yourself, you have eyes following you down the street the moment you walk by, you are like a goddess compared to any other woman" he kissed my hand, bringing it to his lips gently "your eyes could tear a man apart, you don't understand the effect you have on others"4

I shook my head "you're wrong, why didn't you just talk to me?"1

"Because you don't get a choice in this" his tone became slightly harsher "you're mine, there wasn't a question, you didn't get to choose me, you have me. I needed to know about you"+

My stomach dropped, a nervous anxiety creeping over me, he was right I hadn't had a choice.5

"Bella" he whispered, leaning his forehead against my cheek "I love you and will give you anything you want, I will protect you against anything, you don't have to worry" 1

That wasn't what I was worried about.+

"I will be here every night to love you, I can't stop myself from touching you, kissing you, I can't have anybody else."4

I stared at the ceiling, too many thoughts circling my head. "You say you love me" I whispered "but how do you even know that?" +

"Because I know you, I've never wanted anything else more in my life, you are it"+

I shook my head "that's not love, that's obsession" 10

He grabbed my thigh and pulled me over him, till I was straddling his hips "and what's so wrong with that love?"13

I leaned forward, my lips inches away from his "you're crazy"2

He chuckled and grabbed my throat "you think so ?" 1

I bit my lip, hard enough to draw blood "you have no control over me Bella" he said softly, tilting his head to look at me "you belong to me" 6

I took in a long breath. +

"Tell me" he said softly, his hand still holding my throat "tell me you're mine" 1

I tried to shake my head and his eyes narrowed "Bella" he whispered. +

A warning. +

"I'm yours" I said softly, closing my eyes, my body relaxing on top of him. 2

"Good girl" 21

He stroked my hair and held me close to him, he must have felt how fast my heart was beating, knew the panic was was slowly growing. +

I dug my nails into my hand, trying to stop my thoughts from racing. +

"Shhhh, you're okay" he said, his arms wrapping tighter around me "you're okay" +

I shook my head and struggled to free myself "I need you to leave" I said "I just want to be alone right now" 5

He got up and kissed my forehead "I don't want to leave you like this" +

I saw how concerned he looked but honestly I wasn't here for it, he had made me life into what it was and for a brief moment I had felt good. This wasn't normal, I couldn't keep doing this. 11

"Get out Caden" I said, taking a step away from him, I never broke eye contact, my eyes meeting his glare unmoving. 5

"Fine" I turned and walked to the door "I'm going, I don't want you here when I'm back" and I opened the door, walked down stairs.+

I needed to be outside, away from him. 2

I grabbed my keys and sat in my car, my breathing becoming more steady. I turned the keys in the ignition and began to drive, I knew I didn't have to work tonight but I missed being there and just wanted some peace. +

I parked and went inside, not many people were here yet, a few stood around pool tables and a few at the bar. "Hey nick" I said, sitting done on one of the bar stools.3

"Hey" he looked surprised to see me "everything good with you?"+

I shrugged "just needed some space, also tequila makes my head hurt" +

He nodded "it will do what to you!"3

I signed and rested my head on my hands, listening to the music that played over the loudspeaker, hearing the clink of glasses and chattering of people. +

I relaxed my shoulders, letting a weight go that I didn't even realize I was carrying.+

"Well hello there Ma'm" +

I turned my head to see who had interrupted my thoughts, it was a man, maybe in his late mid 30's, his black hair styled up, his suit pressed and tie ironed. He tipped his hat to me before sitting down. "Can I get you a drink? Whatever you'd like"17

I shook my head "no thank you" I was confused by his offer, I definitely looked to young for him. +

He flashed a smile "I've seen you around here before, you're normally singing up on stage though" +

He didn't exactly give me a bad vibe but I wasn't sure how to read him. +

"Yeah I sing on the weekends sometimes" I fiddled with sleeves, finding a threat and seeing how far out I could pull it. +

He leaned over to Nick who gave me a look, making sure I was okay with this conversation. +

"Blanton's on the rocks, and make that a double" +

I noticed how put together he was, his face was clean shaven, and whatever cologne was he was wearing smelled amazing. His hands shook slightly, and he kept tapping them in repetitively against the bar.6

Nick put his bourbon down and the man handed him two twenties "keep the change."4

"Here's what I'm going to do" he mused "I have a couple contacts that have recording studios and a few that can get you setup with a steady job performing if that's what you want."6

He took a business card out of his jacket and handed it to me "just give me a call if you're interested."+

"Are you being serious" I sounded skeptical but the offer didn't seem real.+

He chuckled "I can tell you have a great voice and I think this could be a bit more then a hobby so it is an actual offer Bella" 23

He took my hand and kissed it "just give me a call" 10

"I appreciate the offer but I'm still in high school" maybe that would stop him, give him a reason to rescind his invitation. He just nodded "I completely understand, like I said, reach out anytime, as long as you're over 18 we can find some work for you" 2

I didn't like the way he said work, something in his tone held a hint of malice.1

He placed his now empty glass on the bar and stood up, walking away just as fast as he'd appeared. +

I looked down at the card in my hands, it read Tahoe records management and in smaller print had the companies email and phone number. I flipped the card over and read the man's name.+

Ryder J. Alvarez.85

I tucked it into my purse, something wasn't right, something in my gut told me that man didn't have any good intentions for what he had promised me.+

"You know that guy?" Nick had glanced over between polishing glasses and I shook my head "I'v never met him before, why?"+

He shrugged "he just knew your name, that was it, he probably heard me say it or something."8

My heart skipped a beat, Nick hadn't said my name while the man was in earshot. He had known my name, knew exactly where to find me.+

Something was wrong, I turned my head instinctively, a sense of dread settling over me. My eyes caught his gaze, he stood by the door, leaning casually against the wall, his suit jacket open just enough to show the handle of a pistol. 3

Unmoving.+

Watching me. 8

Waiting.3

Bella's POV+

I turned to Nick with panic in my eyes "Nick" +

He looked at me quizzically "what's up" +

"Get me a drink" I didn't turn my eyes back to Ryder, but stayed absolutely still, shit. I'd told Caden I needed space so I doubted he would be here, I was alone. 5

I should have remembered, I had heard that name before. +

I breathed in, I was fine, I was going to be fine. He didn't know I knew anything, maybe he only knew Caden knew me. 1

I took the shot of Jack Daniels that Nick handed me and felt the liquid burning my throat, focusing my mind on something other then the danger at hand. I stood up. +

I was fine. +

I turned and headed towards the door.8

He didn't block my way exactly, but he stood so close to the door that I would have to almost brush against him to leave. 1

"Leaving so soon?"+

I smiled, a sweet innocent smile "yeah, I have some homework to do before school next week"+

Shit, now that I thought about it, I hadn't even been at school for the last couple days.3

He pushed the door open for me and gave me one last smile "tell Caden we say hello" 11

His eyes looked dead and cold, glistening with malice. I shivered and smiled back, walking as fast as I could out to my car. As soon as I shut the door I always stopped breathing. I closed my eyes and took a breath. +

Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck.+

The shot hadn't been enough to impair my driving, just enough to calm my nerves. I pulled out of the bar and began to drive towards the woods. I couldn't quite remember his address but I remembered the direction I was supposed to go. 3

After a couple wrong turns I finally found the house, it's roof looking above the trees, the shadows creating an eerie ambiance.+

I cut the engine and got out, freezing for just a second, listening to the noise of cars in the distance. Nothing sounded too close but I wasn't sure, I didn't know what I was doing, I didn't even know if he was home. 3

I walked to the door and tried the handle, locked. I knocked, and glanced over my shoulder, paranoia fully setting in. +

I jumped as I felt his hand around my waist "hon, what's wrong" +

I walked inside, closing the door and sitting down, pulling my legs to my chest. +

"Ryder" I spoke softly, my hands trembling "why did he find me" +

It was as if a shock wave rippled through the room, Cadens eyes narrowed and his muscles tensed, he walked over to me, grabbing hold of my hands, eyeing my face. +

"What did he say" he growled, "did he hurt you?" I shook my head, "no, I didn't even realize who he was, he was talking about knowing people in the music industry and he gave me a business card, he said my name but I hadn't told him it yet and-"5

I stammered, my heart was pounding, I didn't know what could have happened but the way Caden looked at me told me all I needed to know.+

"I just left" I whispered "he smiled and told me to tell you hello and I just left, he let me leave" +

He stroked my cheek, kissing my gently on the forehead before standing up and grabbed his phone. He made a hurried phone call, walking out of the room, his tone hushed. +

I could feel my hands shaking, I didn't want to be here but I didn't know where else to go. I dug my nails into my wrists, focus Bella.+

I looked up as Caden walked back into the room, he grabbed my wrist and yanked me up, his hand grabbing my throat "you hurt your wrists like that again and I will hurt you" he voice was low and steady, his voice betraying nothing.40

I tried to nod but he wouldn't let me go "don't think I don't see you do that to yourself, you do not ask for space ever."5

I grabbed the hand holding my throat, tightening my grip around his wrist, but he used that opportunity to grab my waist with his free hand and pull me against him. "I told you I will protect you, so don't go off trying to prove a point and get yourself in danger"3

I finally let our a breath as he released my throat "I needed space!" I yelled "what is wrong with you, it's your fault I was even there!"+

I tried to struggle out of his grasp but it didn't work "Bella" he dipped his head to kiss my neck "you wont stay mad at me, I'm too charming remember"29

I grabbed his hair and pulled his head away "watch me" I hissed, finally managing to break the grasp he held on my waist. I stormed upstairs, slamming the door to his room like a child and sitting on the bed. 17

I heard him pounding on the door but I didn't move, I took off my jeans and my shirt, grabbing a T-shirt out of his closet, a big black T-shirt that said slipknot with a picture of a skull.17

I wasn't opening that door for him or anyone else. I lay down in the bed, the pounding had stopped and I finally closed my eyes. +

I was safe, his sheets smelled like his cologne, fuck I loved that smell. I wanted him so badly but I hated him so much at the same time. 2

I got nervous butterflies when he grabbed my throat, feeling my muscles tense under his touch, wanting more.5

I wanted his touch, craved it like nothing else I'd ever felt before. There was no way in hell I would open this door for him though. +

I heard a key turn in the lock and I signed, glancing at the clock, I'd made it at least half an hour before he got the door open. +

I turned away from him, not wanting to deal with this right now.+

"Bella" +

I didn't move, but I felt the bed move as he lay down beside me. +

"I can't lose you, I can't have anyone hurting you, and it breaks me every time I see you try to hurt yourself" I heard the pain in his voice, he was telling me the truth.5

"I can take a bullet, it hurts like hell but I can take it, cuts, bruises, anything, but if anyone lays a finger on you I'm done, they are dead" 4

I closed my eyes, remembering the few people that had tried and the damage that followed. +

"You promised not to hurt people" I whispered, wrapped my body up tighter into a ball.+

"I promised I would, but I swear to god if Ryder threatens you again I don't care about many people he has, he's gone"+

I turned over to face him "why did he find me Caden"+

His eyes met mine and I was surprised at the fear I glimpsed in his expression, a fleeting glint of uncertainty. "He knows to hurt me he'll have to hurt you, and he wants you to know it too."+

I leaned my forehead against his chest and he wrapped and arm around me, pulling me close. +

"They won't touch you Bella" he whispered "I promise" 18

Caden's POV+

Bella lay in my arms, I could feel each breath she took, watching as her eyelashes fluttering ever so slightly.1

she was never leaving me, ever. +

Ryder had too much nerve, openly threatening me by attacking the one woman I loved. 5

I loved her, she made my heart ache, my thoughts would become quite whenever she stepped into a room. She was perfect, the way her body fit against mine, my hand resting on the sultry curve of her waist, her hips moving the smallest amount pushing her ass again me, making me very uncomfortably hard but I wasn't going to wake her up. I needed to think anyway, and seeing as this kept me awake, it was a good excuse. 5

I moved position slightly until I was sitting up, keeping her body pressed against me. +

Ryder wasn't going to let this go, I had to be at the meeting with Reyes or Bella would get hurt. what were my options? I could not go and Ryder kills Bella, I could hide her away and not attend but then a hit goes on my head. I could run or I could fight, and I didn't run. +

I had to protect her, she hadn't seen half of what my world entailed. Ryder used to be more lenient, letting his guys roam around free as long as they got the job done but that wasn't happening anymore. This big deal with Reyes and the knowledge that someone was snitching on them was eating him alive. +

This was possibly the worst I had ever seen him, his eyes sunken and dark, constantly flickering over his shoulder, eyeing every exit as if expecting an unwanted visitor. Who was the whistle blower, and who were they reporting to? It couldn't be just the cops, otherwise Ryder would have seen attempts to disrupt his side of the business. +

Almost all his deals had gone south, authorities coming in at the last moment to take whoever bought his weapons. +

Yeah, I could definitely understand why he was a little unhinged. +

It didn't give him any right to touch my woman. +

I grabbed my phone from the nightstand and saw a message from Larx+

Somethings wrong here.5

I gritted my teeth, I wasn't leaving her, I couldn't. she was everything I had been working on for three years, I couldn't endanger her.+

The first moment I saw her I knew. +

She had spoken to me that day but I doubted she remembered. +

I had been at a coffee shop, sunglasses on, a newspaper going unread yet outstretched in my hands. My eyes were focused on the man in a black Armani suit across the street from me, a very important briefcase in his hand, containing a couple very important codes that I needed very badly. Ryder sat beside me "Caden, he knows we are here."+

I shook my head, my eyes following the man down the street "he can't, he's never seen either of us, he doesn't know he even has the codes to that storage unit."+

I had felt a cold shadow on my back, her figure stopping the sun for a moment from streaming onto me. I had turned in my seat as she walked by, the scent of her freshly washed hair blowing past me. I stood, and put the paper down "hold on" I turned my eyes back to the man "I'll be right back." 2

I trailed after her, her body moving with such grace, her hips filling out her white sundress perfectly. she was about to open the door to a bakery when she heard her phone ping inside her bag, pausing she had glanced down. 7

I had grabbed the handle and held the door open, and phone in hand, she had spun around. "oh sorry I didn't see you, thank you." her voice was husky, her eyes wondering over my face, specifically focusing on my muscular arms.11

I gave her a smile "its no trouble."2

That was all it took. she had flounced through the door, her footsteps fading as I released the door. +

I leaned my head back against the headboard, I loved that moment. The way her hair had smelled, the way she had accidentally brushed up against me. In those few moments I knew I needed to know more about her. I watched, making sure she knew I was there without every catching a glimpse of me. she didn't have a choice in this, I had claimed her as my woman and that was it. 9

I stroked back a piece of her hair, my eyes wondering over her soft features. I froze as she rolled over towards me, nestling her head deeper into my chest. her arm stretching out and laying across me. She rolled her hips slightly and pulled her leg onto mine, her shirt rolling up, showing the skin of her stomach.+

I tried to relax but she was still making me so damn hard it was near impossible. 1

I hadn't forgotten about the text, something was wrong but I still couldn't leave her. +

I heard my phone ring and I grabbed it before it could wake her "yes."+

"Caden its bad, He's moved the meeting up to tomorrow and locking down the entire place, he doesn't want anyone knowing whats about to go down"+

"How do you know then?" I slid off the bed, careful not to move her too much.+

"I was out before this happened, I got a call from Mason, he said three guys were killed for looking at Ryder sideways"1

Shit, he needed to stay good at least until he could pass this deal, he needed to get rid of those guns, along with a couple pounds of coke. Reyes had guys everywhere ready to take it, but this was the most volume he'd sold in years, some of it still missing from broken crates in the shipyard. +

"okay, I'll be there soon I just-"+

"No" his voice was harsh, a tone he didn't take up often. 1

"No?"+

"No" he repeated "you need to stay as far away from that meeting as you possible can, if you come here Bella's in danger"+

I couldn't have that. +

"Get here now Larx" I ended the call, shit this was bad. +

I slung on my jacket and was about to open the door when I heard the covers move. "where are you going, you were so warm"+

She rolled over and pushed the blanket back, and my heart began to ache.+

"I'm just going to go check on something okay?" I pulled open the draw beside her and picked up a handgun. "keep this be you at all times, you know how to use it?"+

she rolled her eyes "of course I know how to use it, I have a thing for guns remember, you said that's my kink" 9

I felt blood rush to my groin, fuck not now. I leaned over her, kissing her forehead. "if you keep talking about that sweetheart I won't be able to leave, there's too many things I want to do to you right now"3

She bit her bottom lip and placed a hand near my belt, fuck. I leaned into her, feeling my blood pumping faster. God I wanted her, I wanted to be inside her, feeling her squeeze around me, her hands gripping the sheets, her eyes rolled back in her head. 3

"You're right" she signed and lay down "its a bad time, I was mad at you anyway, I forgot"13

Fuck. +

I grabbed her hair in my first and undid my belt with the other hand "you can show me how angry are you later."+

She turned her eyes upward to look at me from where she sat on the end of the bed, her tongue running over her lips "so you expect sexual favors when I'm angry at you?" her hand pulled my zipper down, grabbing me through the black fabric of my boxers. "Is that what you're saying Caden?"+

Just the thought of her and I was ready to explode, but having her hands on me? God she drove me crazy. +

"Woman..." a warning in my voice. 12

Her eyes twinkled and her fingers hooked through my belt loops, pulling my jeans down. +

"Do you want something from me Caden?" her voice was sweet like honey pouring over me, my heart pounding out of my chest. +

"Do somethin' with that mouth of yours besides talk" I pulled her hair tighter in my left hand, my right hand palming the gun that sat two inches away from me. I placed the muzzle of the weapon against her head, and she bit her lip, suppressing a smile.23

"Is that an order?" her hands tugged down the boxers, her fingertips cool tagainst my hot skin.+

I pressed the gun harder against her head and she leaned into the pressure. +

"Its an order Bella" 3

she smirked and without hesitating, pulled me free, embracing me with her hot mouth.+

It took  almost all my energy to stay standing, her tongue dancing circles around my length, focusing on most sensitive places. I grasped her hair tighter in my fist, her mouth moving up and down, her hand moving in synchronization. I pushed inside harder and deeper, slowing when she let out a small noise of protest. She drew back, knowing how close I was to finishing, her eyes meeting mine as she licked slowly up, the look on her face portraying the glee she felt by teasing me. 6

"Bella" I gasped the words. +

"Beg me" 11

Fuck.+

"please" I gritted my teeth, her hand moved slowly again "Bella, I need you" her mouth taking me fully once again. 6

Every muscle became tense and I leaned my head back, releasing inside her, pleasure spreading through me as the built up pressure released. I held her head steady, my eyes closed, my one focus was that devil of a woman in front of me. 3

I opened my eyes as she leaned back, rubbing her hand against her swollen lips.+

"You're a little bit crazy" I grabbed my belt and began to fix my clothes as she lay back down on the bed, shrugging. "You're the one who followed me, I think that beats any kind of crazy you think I am"+

"don't get what I said confused" I leaned down and kissed her forehead "I like you a bit crazy"6

Bella's POV+

There was a small part of me that liked being damaged. I couldnt tell if it was because of the attention it gathered or the fact that it made me special, unique in a fucked up way. I wanted to lean into the feeling, to feel crazy next to Caden, to feel crazy with him. Continue our fucked up love story. I loved the shiver that ran down my spine when Caden held the gun to my head. the reaction I had, making me clench my legs in anticipation, begging him to do more. 8

Fuck.+

I rolled over in bed, hearing the muffled voices or Larx and Caden downstair, they weren't yelling but their voices were raised in a heated argument. +

I reached across the bed, grabbing my phone, knowing that I hadn't even told Jenna I was leaving the house. +

I had 10 unread messages, three of which were from Jenna.+

where are you?  +

Bella?+

Are you okay??? answer your phone please, I'm worried.+

Shit.+

Alice had also been texting me, and whatever she said was accompanied by a lot of purple devil emojis and a lot of eggplant.7

Jenna called me, I said you were passed out over here, you're welcome!1

You better be getting  good dick right now or something babe, stay safe 7

Several colorful emojis followed.+

I closed my eyes and put my phone down, neither of them knew why I had actually left the house, although Alice had been closer to the truth. +

I found myself craving his touch, needed to poke and prod him till he got angry, his teeth scraping down my neck, his hands creating bruises on my thighs, holding me so close I could barely breath. +

He was addicting but I wouldn't admit that to him, it was hard enough to admit it to myself. +

I jumped as the door crashed open, the table shaking as it slammed into the wall.+

"Get up" Caden's expression was tense, his body poised as if ready to fight.+

I stood on command "why?" my hand fiddling with the couple strands of hair that fell over my shoulder. He grabbed a knife from the desk "we're going to hide you away for a couple of days till this all blows over" he ran a hand through his dark hair "I swear to God Bella if he lays one hand on you.."+

His eyes meet mine, searching my face "I will kill him so slowly, you'll watch as I do, no one touches you."1

Without meaning too, I took a step backwards, my legs hitting the edge of the bed.+

"Are you scared yet little one?" his voice grew darker, his anger radiating out, pushing me further back. 11

"No" I lied, biting down on my bottom lip, a pool of excitement forming in the bottom of my stomach.2

He reached me, his hand gentling holding my throat, tilting my head back to look at him. He held me still for just a moment before bring his mouth to mine, his teeth nipping my bottom lip, his grip on my throat tightening. +

I placed my hand on his chest, bracing myself against his weight, leaning into him. I savored his taste, the anger fading from his demeanor as he held me.+

"Lets go" he released me, his hand stroking my cheek gently before he turned and left the room. +

I hurriedly grabbed a sweatshirt and my phone before following him downstairs.2

Larx stood by the door, gun in hand, his eyes unmoving from the window beside him, a view that showed the expanse of the driveway with a peak of the road at the end. +

I felt a familiar shiver, a cold washing over me like it had in the bar when Ryder eyes pierced through my back. Instinctively I moved closer to Caden, his arm snaking around my waist. +

Larx nodded and opened the door "we're fine for now, they haven't had a car pass by in the last 10 minutes"+

Why would they be following me, or was it just for Caden? I followed them out the door, pulling my sweatshirt on to warm up, but I knew it wasn't the cold from outside making me feel like this.+

Caden passed me a helmet as he straddled the motorcycle, pulling a helmet over his own head.+

I sat down behind him and wrapped my arms around his chest, I didn't know where we were going but I knew I had to trust him at this point. +

He had also made it very clear that if I didn't listen him, he would make me pay.5

I stared at the scenery moving fast around me as we sped down the highway, he was taking me deeper into the woods, racing away from town.+

I kept my hands locked onto his chest, the bike tilting dangerously on every curve, my face almost inches from the ground. I still didn't know where we were going but I hated the mixture of fear and anticipation in my stomach, it had been there since I met Ryder at the bar. If me staying hidden for a few days could help get rid of this feeling then I was all for it.+

Caden pulled too a stop as we reached a break in the trees, a tall metal gate barring our way. he typed in a passcode and a section of the fence slid away, leaving us room to pull inside before it closed. A small house sat in the rather bare lot of land. I instantly saw the cameras that circled the roof, the lack of entrances and the tinted windows. This place had a purpose. +

I got off the bike, stretching out my arms, trying to relax my tense muscles. Caden lifts my helmet above my head, setting it on the seat. His hair is ruffled from the helmet, appearing so dark in contrast to his skin. The pale light flickers over him, reflecting in his eyes, drawing out the blues and greens. He really was beautiful, if only he wasn't so crazy. He had a need to take me, to follow instead of talk, and to touch instead of ask. He thought he owned me from the minute he saw me, and he had never since questioned it. I don't know if I would have wanted him as badly as I did if his mind did work like normal. His irrationality and power drew me in, taunted me, trying to get me to play in his game. 4

"Baby" his lips brushed my cheek, a soft kiss, a very different feeling from this morning. I tilted my head up, clearing my throat "yeah I'm good."+

He gestured me inside and after another passcode and a fingerprint scanner, the door opened revealing a room with little to no furniture. The grey walls being a great contrast to the grey floor and grey shelves, a couple laptops stood open with a tangle of cords connecting them, collectively making a low humming sound. +

"you're going to be safe here"+

I snapped my head to stare at him "you're leaving me?"+

He nodded slightly "I have to make sure this deal doesn't go south Bella, that was his threat and although I know you're safe here I would rather just get this over with, I have too many plans for us"+

I huffed and refused the kiss he gave me, how dare he leave me alone like this. +

He made a tsk tsk noise with his mouth in disapproval "you are going to kiss me right now love or I'm not leaving until I've broken you"2

I leaned against him, biting my bottom lip "you promise?"+

He winked and kissed me forcefully on the lips, a quick goodbye before he walked out the door, locking it behind him. +

I was trapped. 17

+

+

+

Caden's POV+

Something was wrong. I felt a cold shiver sweep over the back of my neck, but glancing back at the house didn't make the feeling go away. Bella was fine there, she was safe. +

But what if...+

I shook my head, Ryder didn't know this place existed, and I was giving him what he wanted anyway, heading to that fucking meeting. Even if he somehow found out, every inch of that house was covered by the beam of a camera, motion sensors in place as backup and titainium coverings rigged to cover all the windows and doors should an unwanted visitor stop by.3

I had spent the night awake, sitting in the chair across from the bed, watching Bella as she slept just like I had for years. Her chest rising and falling with each breath, hearing her sigh softly, her beautiful hair messily sprawled across the pillow. She looked like a goddess, my goddess. She seemed to finally be realizing that she was mine, there was no escape, no other option. I loved her too much to let her go, and if she was taken then everyone involved was in danger.9

I needed her to be safe, I could always run but not once I'd found her. +

I had her.+

I started up the bike and tore off down the road, the sun barely risen above the trees. It's feint golden glow illuminating the road, the frost evaporating in clouds as the sun moved higher in the sky. I didn't want to be here, I wanted to be back with my Bella, my everything but if I needed to do this to keep her safe I would. +

Larx seemed adamant that I not go, mentioning over and over how Ryder is going to fuck it all up and everything will end in a blood bath. 8

Thats not how it would end for me, I was sure of that. +

I felt the cold through my gloves, the wind picking up as if it could feel my unease. +

What had I missed? +

I felt it in my bones, I wasn't seeing the entire picture, there was a piece missing.+

I don't miss things, but there was something... 6

I cut the engine as I pulled up to the warehouse. I took notice of the several black escalades parked in the surrounding areas, Reyes definitely didn't trust Ryder one bit. I didn't either.1

I took the helmet off and placed my hand on the door-handle, I don't hesitate but my hand froze for half a second. +

What the fuck had I missed?5

My hesitation was just enough. I felt a weight slam against my side, whipping my head around and pushing me against the cracked cement covering the ground. I tried to move but a hand pressed against my neck, forcing me back down. My face pressed against the rigid edge of a broken piece of gravel, ripping through my flesh as I tried to look at who it was behind me. The pain helped my concentration, gathering enough strength to grab the hand holding me, slamming their body to the ground and rolling away. +

The ringing was fading in my ears, the side of my face that had met the ground was burning, the wind hitting the open cut with cold air. Who the fuck had tried to jump me.+

"I told you not to come Caden" his voice was quiet, his words hissing as he tried to stand up from where I had thrown him. I stood in unison and faced him, my hand reaching behind my back and into the waist band of my jeans. 3

Larx stood, dust covering his jacket, cuts covering his hands, a nice bruise morning around his eye. 13

"why?" my voice my deadpan, my fingers wrapping around my gun, ready to shoot at a moments notice. +

It would only take second for me to move my arm, raising the gun but he didn't want me dead, I knew that. Well, I was about 98% sure about that. +

He swore under his breath "Get to the car furthest to the right, get in the drivers seat and don't fucking say a word to anybody and I know you don't want to do that but Caden, Bella will be in danger if you don't"1

He knew exactly how to get to me. 1

"If you're fucking with me" my voice came out as a growl "I swear you won't be alive for five more minutes." I turned and moved silently over to the car, hearing him following closely, only branching away when we reached the car. I opened the door and hurriedly got inside, my mind racing. I hadn't let go of my weapon, my mistrust for him still at an all time high. 1

If this was some plot of his to kill me I had a couple options once in the car, with less space to move though, he would also have an easier time containing me. That raised the same question.+

Why did he attack?+

I shut the door quickly behind me, my eyes never leaving him as he climbed into his seat. +

Silence.+

He had his head tilted to the side, hand to his ear.+

"I'm clear" his voice broke through the silence, and without meaning too I raised my gun to him, the shock of the noise triggering my response. +

"Jesus Caden calm the fuck down" he pushed the gun aside and for the first time I saw the ear piece and mic connected to it. +

Who the fuck was he working for?1

"Larx" my voice didn't seem to move his concentration away from the door we had stood at moments before "who the fuck are you working for?"+

He leaned forward in anticipation, his eyes glued ahead of him, only turning slightly to acknowledge my question. +

"I um... Ryders toast dude, I tried, I did but this is beyond me, its safer to take our whole operation underground at the moment."+

I watched as 20 men in swat uniforms silently rushed the door, a couple men in FBI vests following, guns drawn. 14

Shit. +

"I tried to get your help, I wanted you in on the plan but as soon as Ryder threatened Bella you wouldn't listen and it would only ruin what I've been setting up, this shit took years."+

I felt as if the piece of the puzzle I'd been missing for weeks fell into place. The feeling of paranoia faded into the background, replaced with a sense of calm, an understanding. Larx had been working with them to take Ryder down. 2

He was the one to call me back, not directly but it was part of his plan, using Ryder's insanity as an excuse. He wanted us to get away clean, our 'involvement' with the crimes committed here all for the sake of getting Ryder apprehended. 1

"Caden, if you went into that room you'd be walking away in handcuffs" he didn't seem to notice  I was barely listening, as he continued to try and plead his case. +

"we wont get-"+

I reached my hand out so fast and grabbed his shirt by the collar, effectively cutting him off mid sentence. "And if I had been in that room then Bella would be safe, but now you've put a target on her back." I felt anger, the overwhelming hit of emotions before I felt nothing, no remorse, no sympathy and God save him if I passed over into that state of mind. 1

He swung his arm trying to break my hold but I moved my hands to his throat, pushing his body deeper into the seat "Do you understand that Larx? If she dies then you all burn."2

I saw his eyes flutter, his pupils moving in every direction, searching for a way out, his hands scratching at me, the air leaving his lungs. "They'll get him" his voice was barely a whisper "They have two years worth of evidence on him and Reyes I- " his voice seemed to stop working. I felt my heartbeat pounding through my entire body. +

My Bella, he'd endangered my life, my everything, my sweet girl. 7

+

+

+

+

Bella's POV+

I paced the cabin, nervously playing with a strand of my hair. If I kept this up it would be so knotted I wouldn't be ablate untangle it. 1

Caden had left this morning and I still hadn't heard from him. I called Alice and told her I was working, and then I had called Jenna and told her I was hanging out with Alice for the day. I really hoped they wouldn't be in danger, I didn't even know if I was in any actual danger, this whole thing seemed to be blown way out of proportion. +

Ryder hadn't actually threatened me in the bar...+

No, fuck that, he knew that just be being there it was a fuck you to Caden. He wanted him to know exactly how much power he had. +

I was caught in the middle. +

I sighed and sat on the bed, I didn't know what to do with myself. I was waiting for Caden, I just needed any word from him that he was okay. I shook my head, I never thought I would feel so worried about his absence but I did. I felt a nervous pit in my stomach, the horrible thoughts of what is he doesn't come back flashing through my head. 1

My life had revolved around him whether I wanted it to or not for years, I had to change how I acted, who I knew and part of me had caved in when I'd finally met him. He knew me, he fully knew me. He knew exactly what I wanted, what I craved without forcing the words from my mouth. He was like an addiction, I needed him as much as he needed me.1

My phone chimed and I jumped, racing to the couch to grab it.+

I'm safe, there's been a change in plans, don't let anyone inside unless its me or Larx4

Change in plans?+

I didn't know what that meant, but somehow I was still in danger. +

I glanced out the window, the movement of the trees catching my attention. I narrowed my eyes, dropping my phone back onto the couch. What was that?6

I put my hand against the cool glass and tried to peer outside. There was no wind in the trees, nothing moved. I felt a shiver run down my spine, I was alone and locked in this house. 2

I turned away, my eyes glancing around at the other windows. +

Nothing. +

I heard the knob turn, the lock keeping the door shut. My heartbeat accelerated, Caden knew how to get in, he wouldn't mess around with he doorknob. Trying to be as quiet as I could, I walked over to the door and tried to peak out through the small hole up top. Small patches of light and then blackness, as if whoever it was had put a hand over it, knowing I would try to find out who they were. 4

I grabbed me phone, backing away from the door. +

I tried to call Caden, but it wouldn't ring. +

Call failed. +

Fuck.+

I heard a bang as something slammed into the door, shaking the house. Caden had told me something about an emergency alert system that would block everyone out, but what had he told me to do? My mind was racing, looking around for anything help. I grabbed the gun and breathed in deeply, trying to slow my heart rate. I remembered my training, I knew how to shoot but aiming had always been my problem. I felt fucking useless trapped In here. Another bang that shook the house, echoing around into the silence. 1

Something exploded and suddenly I felt my body pushed backwards with the force. 1

I hit the wall and fell to the ground, pulling my hands over my head, the ringing in my ears piercing through my head like sharp needles. +

"I bet he told you this place was impenetrable" +

I groaned and tried to cover my ears, this grating voice causing my teeth to grind. +

I squinted though the dust, wood and metal lay around me, a tattered empty hole where the door used to stand. I felt pain everywhere, moving my hands in front of my eyes I realized I can see a million small cuts. My ribcage hurt, my head ached and I couldn't seem to feel my legs. 1

Ryders shadow moved over my face, sending chills through my body. His cold eyes met mine, his face covered in dried blood, a gun in his hand. +

"Caden should have backed me up" he spat, grabbing my hair in his fist "Fucking dumb ass FBI didn't even know I was gone until it was too late."2

FBI?+

I didn't understand what he was talking about, something had happened, something bad. 1

"Now you're going to be punished for his sins, let's go have some fun."1

He dragged me up, I tried to grab a hold of his wrist but received a harsh slap across the face, blurring my vision more. 2

I blinked, trying to focus as the black spots began to dance in front of my eyes, my head fighting to remain conscious. +

Where was it?+

As he dragged me past the couch, I reached my hand out, palming the knife Caden had left me, hidden underneath the piece of furniture. I wasn't going to let him hurt me.+

I pushed the knife into the waistband of my jeans before my hand fell limp to the floor, my vision slowly growing dark. 2

+

Caden's POV+

"Caden."+

I glanced away from the house's camera feed to give Larx a questioning look. The entire warehouse got swarmed by swat, the guys from the FBI following soon after and cuffing every man inside. Somehow Larx had made sure a couple of our important guys were conveniently missing. Larx gestured to the doorway, watching as Reyes appeared, his hands cuffed together. I breathed a sign. One down, one to go. 2

They had questioned me briefly, seeming to believe that I had been making sure this happened all along. That was a dangerous game, half of the stock was in an undocumented warehouse that we could continue to distribute once this had all blown over. This time though, Larx was in charge of the operation. It would be much smaller but safer for everyone now, Ryder had begun to make too many waves and we didn't want to get noticed. This wasn't the end of the business here, but to the feds it was. They all thought they had busted a major smuggling ring, exporting and selling drugs, weapons and anything else really that people wanted. All they'd really done was get the Reyes and Ryder out of the way. 3

"They haven found him yet."+

Fuck this wasn't good. I looked down quickly at my phone and then back at him. I froze, grabbing the laptop that was laying on the dash in front of us in the car. I hurriedly pulled up the live camera feed. My screen glitched, the picture unmoving, the time in the right hand corner reading five minutes before. I felt a cold pit form in my stomach. I restarting the feed, the computer taking far too long but eventually the video began again. +

The doorway was gone, and Bella was no where to be seen. I'd missed the fucking warning alerts since I had been so focused on getting Ryder caught here.. I rewound the video and watched as Ryder, bloodied and bruised from his exit, managed somehow to get inside and drag Bella away in only a couple seconds. +

I didn't stop for Larx to say another word, I left. I revved the engine of my bike as I tore out of the shipping yard, a cloud of dust erupting into the air in my wake. He'd fucking taken her, he'd actually done it. How the fuck had he known where to look?+

I was pretty certain I knew where he was going but just in case I swung by one of the warehouses he normally used. Nothing. No sign of entry for a couple days at least, and after I was able to get inside and glance around I knew I was right. +

Fuck.+

I'd let her down. I should have been there for her. I could have protected her but Larx had sprung this on me. Ryder wouldn't have run if I had been there to stop him. She would be okay, I knew she would. Despite her size and weight she was stronger than most, and she knew how to use this against her opponent. Also, my girl had a thing for guns, hopefully she was a good shot too. 3

I was going to marry her as soon as I could. She wasn't ever going to leave me, that wasn't a choice. I was going to give her everything she needed, everything she craved. 12

I saw the lights of the house in the distance, leaning forward as I tried to see any movement.+

I had always known where Bella was, always. I had tracked her every move for years until the time was right. I wasn't used to being this helpless. +

I pulled my bike to the side and got off, silently heading for the side door. Ryder wasn't going to be alive when the cops got here, I was going to make sure of that. +

He hated when I'd left. I had been doing every single deal before I met her, making him too much money. She became my main priority overnight and I had dropped everything. I had to protect her and I needed to know her every move in order to do so. 5

I saw movement out of the corner of my eye and raised my run, the silencer muffling the sound of the shot as I pulled the trigger. The man fell quickly, his body sagging again the wall as blood dripped down his chest. I wasn't taking chances with anyone. 2

I paused for a second, the door stood ajar. This was definitely a trap but nothing worse could happen to me, if Bella was here, then I needed to be here. +

I pulled the door open further and stepped inside, the dust rising in clouds beneath my feet. It was a construction zone inside, with tarps hanging over half demolished walls and tools scattered around the sawdust covered floors. 1

I moved silently, the only noise coming from the rustle of plastic as the tarp coverings swayed in the breeze from the open door. +

"Caden, it's good to see you." +

I spun and faced him. +

"Where is she Ryder?" +

I raised my hand, fully ready to shoot but fuck, I still didn't know where she was. +

He grinned, his face still covered in flecks of dried blood, the bruise over his right eye growing darker by the second. "She's here Caden, I understand why you like her so much, God that body..."4

He trailed off and I gritted my teeth, if he touched her in anyway I wasn't just going to shoot him. His torture would be prolonged, I would be cutting every inch of him till he was begging to die. Messy work but worth it in the end. +

"She woke up too fast though" He continued, seeming unperturbed by the gun aimed his way "I didn't get to do much to her yet." He rested his hands on a table, leaning forward and staring into my eyes "What would you have done if I'd marked her Caden? Given you a reminder she'd been mine every time you'd touch her?" He smirked "I want to watch your fucking expression when she won't let you touch her, scared that you'll be like me." 10

I had to remind myself to breath, the adrenaline rushing faster through my body.+

"Where is she Ryder, I'm not fucking around."+

He stood up straight and shrugged "Don't know."+

I fired quickly, my gun lowered now to his kneecap. I watched as he gritted his teeth to stop his own scream of pain. He fell to the ground, blood beginning to pool around his leg. Where was his gun? He could have stopped that. His smile never faded, fuck he knew something and wouldn't give me the satisfaction. He knew I wouldn't kill him yet either, not until I knew where he'd put her. +

"where the fuck is she Ryder?"+

He grinned even wider "She screams so beautiful, Caden but uh, you knew that right? You know she likes a bit of pain" 6

I raised my gun to shoot him in the other knee but my arm fell slack. My body was pushed forward with force as I felt a piercing pain in my chest, the sound of a gun firing echoing around the room, my reaction one second too late. There had been someone behind me. 6

My hands hit the floor, my vision spiraling. I could hear Ryder laughing, whoever had been behind me kicked my back, pain flaring through my chest and ribcage again. 3

I rolled over painfully onto my back, and with the last of my effort I tried to raise my gun, my hand shaking uncontrollably. The mans foot came down hard on my wrist, pining my arm in place, my weapon thrown across the food floor. I jabbed the knife I kept hidden in my coat sleeve into his ankle with my left hand, hearing him shout in pain. He swore loudly and knelt beside me, I didn't recognize his face but somehow he knew me. His eyes betrayed that fact, holding nothing but hatred. 1

"Don't kill him yet" Ryder said, the ringing in my ears muffling his voice "I want him to f-"+

The man fell on top of me as the sound of a gun firing broke through his words. +

"You fucking bitch" Ryder swore "You're dead slut, you and -"17

I heard a final shot, the noice originating from the stairway.+

I watched as Ryder fell backwards, a bullet connecting with his shoulder, my eyes betraying me as his imagine began to blur. He wasn't dead yet. With the last of my energy, I grabbed the gun from the holster of the man pinning me down and reached over my shoulder, aiming as best I could, my hands trembling as I let off four shots simultaneously. 1

The pain flared again in my chest again as I felt the weight of the man on top of me, my muscles straining to push him off. The gun fell to the floor and I felt the nausea hit at once, my eyes closing to stop the room from spinning but I was too late. +

I plunged into darkness, nothing else mattering anyway. +

I hadn't been able to protect her.3

Bella's POV+

Before I even opened my eyes I knew I was in trouble. I felt the tight rope that had my hands bound together behind my back, the material burning my skin whenever I moved. My ankles were tied as well, a piece of duct tape over my mouth but nothing blocking me from seeing. I was sitting in a chair in what looked like a basement, older cement walls looming up and no windows. Just a staircase leading up to a locked door. +

Did I still have...?+

I sighed in relief as I moved and felt the knife still tucked in my waist band, if I could only get my hands through the gaps in the back of the chair to retrieved it. I jumped slightly when my thoughts were interrupted by the door opening above me. +

"Bella" Ryder exclaimed, his face still looking broken and bloodied "Im so glad you're awake." He reached out and tore the duct tape away, forcefully. Fuck that hurt. +

"Let me out of here, please." I begged, the plea just made him smile more. +

"Not yet little one" He leaned down and stroked me cheek, his touch making me shiver, my thin shirt doing nothing to keep me warm. He seemed to notice what I was wearing at that moment too, his hand traveling down my neck and fidgeting with the strap of my tank top. The lust in his eyes made me want to gag, his hand still resting too close to my chest. 3

He would be able to feel my heart beating a million miles an hour, my chest rising and falling rapidly. "Don't be so scared" he coed "I'm not going to kill you, I can hurt Caden much worse if I keep you alive."+

I shuddered, knowing exactly what he was implying. +

He turned "I'll be back soon, don't wait up"+

I didn't have time to think about his idol threats right now, I needed to get the knife out of my jeans and into my hands, somehow cutting through my restraints. I moved my hips, lining the knife up with a gap in the slats of the chair. I tried to push a hand through them, the rough wood leaving splinters in my skin. I winced at the feeling but kept going, the knife inches away. My fingers brushed the hilt just barely but my hand wouldn't go any further. Fuck. I strained against the wood, I just needed the smallest hold and I would be able to pull it the rest of the way. 2

My finger wrapped around the blade and I winced as it cut into my hand, my shirt had been the only thing stopping it from cutting my waist. I felt the thin trail of blood run down and drop onto the chair. I flipped the blade around, biting my lip to stop from crying out as it sliced into me again. At least I knew it was sharp now. I pressed it to the rope that was holding my hands and tried as best I could to make a back and forth motion. A long moment passed, my efforts slow but steady, the rope getting gradually getting looser as I cut through it piece by piece. +

I sighed in relief, tears nearly escaping my eyes as I heard the rope fall and I was able to cradle my sore wrists against my chest. After my moment of relief, I went to work freeing my legs from the rope, my jeans had thankfully stopped any marks from appearing on my ankles.+

I stood shakily and looked around, there was nothing for me to use against him, I had rope, a chair and myself, nothing else was down here. 5

I heard the door open while I was still contemplating what to do. +

"I think your boyfriends on his way" Ryder said, noticing but not mentioning that I had managed to free myself. He stood in font of me, a good foot taller, his muscular frame blocking my only escape. +

"Good" I said softly, taking two steps back, my grip tightening on the knife. "He'll kill you when he gets here."+

That seemed to make Ryder chuckle "Bella I made him, he was a broken kid before I helped him out. He had no family, no Job and if he got arrested one more time he would have been in more trouble then I cared to get him out of." He reached out and swiftly grabbed my wrist before I could move away, yanking me over to him. +

"You wanna know what it feels like to piss him off?" his breath was hot on my ear and his hands dug into my ribcage. +

I pushed my hand back, driving the knife into his thigh. His grip loosened for just a second before getting worse, causing me to yelp in pain. +

"You nasty slut, you're going to be sorry you did that." He moved his hands up, moving my shirt with him. I tried to struggle, trying to fight his hold but he was too strong. He ripped my shirt, tearing it away from my body and threw me against the ground. I felt the impact as my shoulder connected with the cement, my cheek grazing the ground. I crawled backwards, eyeing him wearily. +

He licked his lips, eyes wondering over my black bra, my skin now covered in dirt and cuts. I kept my expression the same, the realization hitting me hard. His gun was laying on the ground, maybe having fallen when I'd attempted to stab him. I needed him not to notice, I needed to keep his eyes on me. I still had my knife, his blood coating the tip. 2

My breathing was ragged, that fall hurting a lot more the I'd anticipated. I could feel my shoulder throbbing, but my focus didn't waver. He walked towards me slowly, away from the weapon on the floor. "Come on, just give me a little taste, I'd rather ask than take it" he was too close "but I always get what I want Bella."+

He reached for me again and I swung my arm at his chest, making a deeper cut than before. My knife sticking out of his left pectoral. The blade was only about three inches long but it was enough for me to run past him and grab the gun off the floor, running as fast as I could up the stairs. +

How dumb was he to not lock the door when he came down to see me. I opened it and hurriedly slammed it behind me, my eyes taking in every available exit in front of me. No doors, plenty of hiding spaces and a staircase leading up. I ran up stairs, shutting myself in the first closet I saw. I tried hurriedly to control my breathing, if I kept panting like this I would be found in seconds. +

I closed my eyes and let a tear slip out. Don't cry, don't cry I tried to tell myself but it didn't work, I felt more hot tears stream down my cheeks.+

Fuck.+

I stayed silent, hearing the door to the basement slam open, and voices begin to shout. There had been two of them. A chill crept down my spine, If I had run into his partner I would have been dead. I still might be dead if I didn't find a way out of this place soon. 2

They continued shouting for a couple minutes, and then all noise ceased suddenly, the instant quiet making me think I'd lost my hearing. +

I heard muffled conversation moments later and I covered my mouth when I made out the first clear word. Caden. +

I breathed in deeply and released the safety on the gun, opening the door quietly. I jumped as I heard a gun shot go off. Reminding myself stay calm, I just needed to keep it together for a little bit longer. +

I crept down stairs, my eyes going wide when I saw Ryder kneeing in a pool of blood. Time seemed too slow as I noticed too late the man behind Caden in the shadows. The second shot fired and Caden fell forward, the man pushing him down, stomping down on his wrist. +

Fuck, I raised the gun, squinting one eye to try and see better, I didn't need the shot to be perfect I just needed it to connect. I crept down two more steps. I was five feet away, Ryders eyes glinting with such hubris when he noticed me, he thought he'd won in that moment. I squeezed my eyes shut and fired not at him but at the man looming over Caden, opening my eyes hesitantly to make sure I'd actually hit him. My bullet had hit his lower stomach, three inches or so in. His face was turned away from me but I imagined a look of shock. I didn't have time to ponder it any longer. +

"You fucking bitch" Ryder swore "You're dead slut, you and-"+

I moved the gun in his direction and fired again, the recoil shaking my arms, my aim thrown way off. I heard his yell so I guess something connected. I tried to search for the bullet but only saw a small triple of blood from his shoulder. My hands fumbled nearly dropping the gun, I needed to finish this but I could feel the hot tears behind my eyes again. +

I saw movement and felt my legs give out beneath me. I watched as Caden took the gun from the man on top of him and held it over his head, aiming for Ryder by sound alone. The shots rang out so loudly, four in a row. 3

I covered my ears, the ringing already beginning.+

Ryder Fell forward into the ground, an array of bullet holes making a pattern on his chest. 1

I wanted to sob. I covered my mouth with my hand and clutched the banister. +

I needed to get help. +

I ran to him, shaking him slightly but getting no response. His eyes rolled back in his head. I felt his jeans, searching for his phone. 1

I dialed 911 and barely getting my words out I managed half the story. Eventually I dropped the phone, my hands trembling too much. I pushed the man off of him and sank down, laying my head on his chest. +

I blinked through my tears, feeling my heart shatter as I felt his shallow breaths +

I needed him to live.4

Bella's POV+

The beeping of the hospital machines was so constant it had begun to piss me off. I'd been here for a week, although I had only needed to stay for a couple days because of my shoulder, the rest of the time I'd spent at Cadens bed side. Larx stood beside him as well, his feeling of guilt obvious. He had explained everything, the FBI raid and the plan to get Caden away, but Ryder wasn't supposed to escape. +

When the police and ambulance had arrived, Ryder and his partner, Nick had been carried away on stretchers. Nick was still breathing, even now, machines helping pump his blood and feed him until they found out if he was a possible organ donor. He had hit his head hard when he fell, the nurses had told me, his brain activity zero to none. Ryder had died instantly, his body taken away and cremated under the careful watch of the FBI. 7

I hadn't let go of Caden, even when when they carried him away. My tears had soaked into his T-shirt, my body covering his the entire way to the hospital. I was been sedated when I began to kick and scream at the nurses when why tried to take him away to surgery. 9

The bullet had narrowly missed his heart, avoiding any major damage thankfully but he still hadn't gained conciseness. They had explained that it was almost a like a forced coma but I heard them whispering, he should definitely have woken up by now. +

The hospital registration worker had been by every single day, asking me for his insurance information, his birthday and many other details I didn't know. Larx shoed her away every time. I wouldn't have been much help to her even if she did get around to chatting with me. 1

I looked down at his face, his skin pale standing out in the glow of the florescent lights overhead. "Honey" Jenna's hand rubbed my back, her touch making me jump slightly. I hadn't even heard her come int the room. "We've got to go home."+

She didn't know everything. I told her I was in the wrong place at the wrong time and Caden had protected me, going back into the house to save me. She seemed to believe that and understood why I needed to be here. I didn't tell her much else and she hadn't pressed the subject. She had spoken with that cop Gary extensively about the case, despite the fact he hadn't been on the scene. +

I walked out with her, looking back over my shoulder at him briefly. "He'll be fine" Larx said, noticing my look "I'll be here."+

I gave him a final nod and followed Jenna out to the car. My whole body felt heavy, my wrists still had marks from the ropes but they had begun to slowly heal. I opened the door and slouched in the passenger seat, my body feeling the lack of sleep. My mind hadn't stopped spinning since I'd seen Caden get shot. This wouldn't have happened if I hadn't been there, if Caden had never started talking to me. If he had just left me alone I would be about to graduate school, focusing on colleges and parties and what to wear the next day. I hadn't been to school for two weeks now, Jenna calling in and telling them I was sick. Alice had given me the homework but I had yet to even glance over the assignments. 2

I didn't remember much of the car ride home. I seemed to wake up out of my daze when Jenna helped me out of the car, hugging me tightly. +

"You've been through a lot baby" She said softly, "You shouldn't have gone through that, especially after the trauma you had to deal with from your parents."+

I shook my head "I just feel guilty, I feel-" I breathed in, trying to find the word "I feel like part of me is missing." +

I saw the tears build in her eyes, her hand hastily brushing them away "You can't feel guilty Bella, you didn't do anything to deserve what happened to you, I'm just glad they didn't do anything worse."+

I was too, I had seen the look in Ryders eye when my shirt had been ripped off. I could still feel his hand caressing my chest, the memory usually coming back to me when I closed my eyes to fall asleep. It could have been a lot worse. +

I wrapped my arms around myself as Jenna walked me inside. I felt cold, and nothing I did seemed to make it better. I wrapped myself up in a blanket and lay down in bed, watching the trees sway in the wind outside my window. His jacket lay on the bed, I was definitely stealing that from him for good. 1

I also had his gun hidden under my pillow. When I heard the sirens coming I'd managed to grab the gun from his hands and shove it into my jeans, wrapping his jacket around me, trying to cover the fact I was only wearing a bra since my shirt was useless. +

Larx had told me that was the smartest thing I'd done, especially since that weapon wasn't registered to Caden. I was still confused on the details but I'd been told not to worry about dealing with the cops. +

"Play dumb" He'd whispered to me when he had gotten to the police station, and so I had. +

I closed my eyes and waited for sleep, my body succumbing finally, my thoughts slowing down. +

All I could think of were his arms wrapped around me, the light kisses on my neck. I felt whole when I was with him. This strange man had come into my life, completely fucked everything and now I couldn't live without him. +

I needed him so badly it hurt. 4

+

Bella's POV +

I walked up the hospital stairs the next day, my hair still damp from the shower. I wore his jacket over a black top and black jeans, having it on bringing me some comfort. I checked in quickly at the front desk and headed to his room. I tried to stay out of the way of the nurses, walking as silently as I could, the route now very familiar to me. Opening the door, I stepped inside, feeling instantly lighter. I was about to see him. Being by myself had become a chore, the bed feeling too big for one person at night, my days plagued by boredom. +

I shut the door quietly and turned. +

My stomach dropped as I froze, my hand clenching tight around the doorknob. +

He was gone. 2

The bed was made up of sterile white sheets, the monitors gone and the the room seeming untouched. My heart began to race, had he woken up? I pulled out my phone to check if he had called but there was nothing. My breathing sped up and I leaned against the door, my legs feeling suddenly weak.+

Opening it, I went into the hallway and back to the desk "Where is Caden?" I asked, a hint of panic in my voice. I recognized the woman behind the desk, I'd seen her a couple times during the last week. She raised an eyebrow at me and turned to her computer, typing something into the keyboard "He was discharged yesterday night hon." she said, leaning closer to see her screen.2

He hadn't come to me. +

I didn't hear what she said next, turning and walking towards the door in a daze. That fucking bastard had woken up and hadn't let me know. Had he just decided that he was done with me? He'd told me I was his weakness, I was the only way people could get to him. I noticed my hands were shaking, my car keys making a feint jingling sound from my movement. +

He didn't get to put me through all of that and then just leave. I wasn't going to just be used.1

I unlocked my car, my breathing and heart rate normalizing as I felt anger taking over the panic. I drove home silently, trying to process what had just happened. +

I passed the bar where I used to work, I guess I had been fired when I hadn't shown up this past week but that was fine. I didn't exactly need that job right now and honestly, it was hard for me to be anywhere aside from home or the hospital. +

Pulling into the driveway of my house, I noticed Jenna's car was gone. She had gone back to work after her trip, taking a couple additional days off the take care of me. Her expression growing more worried every day, she knew what was happening. +

I took my phone out as I walked inside, calling Cadens number, each time I was met with ringing and then told to leave a message. I just continued to press call. If he wanted to not tell me where he was then he was going to get a million missed call notifications. +

I sat down on the bed and continued pressing the phone icon, glaring at my screen each time he didn't answer. Where the fuck was he? He didn't get to do this to me, to promise me everything in the world and then take it all away. Even if I had nothing I would still have him, but now I had less than nothing because he was gone. He must know I have attachment issues, he couldn't do this to me.11

Gritting my teeth, throwing my phone against the wall in frustration, this wasn't helping. +

I slid off the bed onto the floor, my eyes watching my reflexing in the floor length mirror ahead of me. I felt a pang of guilt when I saw how empty my eyes had become. A hollow emptiness that I recognized from years before. I'd felt like this when my mom and dad had died. I used to walk past our old house everyday, staring into the same windows and watching as the lawn become overgrown. It had been months later that they put a for-sale sign in the driveway, the price severely reduced. I'd watched as the property was shown to families, watching as they imagined it to be their home with their kids. They didn't know what had happened there yet, but eventually they found out. They decided against the purchase, opting for a house free of suicidal energy. +

I had that same empty feeling then, and God I wished it hadn't come back. The familiarity making it worse. I couldn't go back to this place. +

I made a face and began to stand, noticing a box on my desk for the first time, the light reflecting off the white lid. I went over and inspected it. A small box, taped shut with a folded piece of paper attached. +

Opening the note tentatively, I read what was written inside, the words in perfect cursive.2

I'll explain soon buttercup, be good for me11

Inside the box was a necklace, a silver chain with a tiny silver gun pendant. +

I was going to kill him.12

Bella's POV+

I sat up in bed, out of breath and panting. My hands flew to my chest, my breathing out of control. I'd had the nightmare again, the same one I'd had every single night this week. It would begin down in that basement, I would be unable to move, my hands and feet bound by ropes. I would watch as the walls began to get tighter, Ryder's laugh echoing around the room. I would scream Caden's name but he wouldn't appear. I always woke up in a cold sweat, just as tired as I had been before going to sleep.+

It had been nine days since he'd disappeared from the hospital. Nine whole days since he'd somehow gotten into my house to leave me that note along with that stupid necklace. I fiddled with the gun pendent, the metal warm from my skin. I'd taken it off of the chain immediately after receiving it and added it onto the string where my silver music note hung, my dads gift to me. I felt the necessary to have both tokens close, their meaning bringing me comfort. +

I still didn't know where he'd gone or when he'd be back. I resented him for that. He'd created the world I was forced to live in and then when real danger had come and gone, he disappeared, leaving me to deal with the aftermath alone.+

I sat in the dark, my breathing finally becoming normal as I calmed down. +

"I'v missed you Bella."2

I saw his shadow step towards the bed and in two second flat I had grabbed the gun I kept hidden under my pillow and sat up, holding it to his head. The feint light from the streetlamp outside illuminated his face, a couple healing cuts flashing white against his skin. I reached out a hand, my fingers closing in a fist around the material of his t-shirt. He was real, he was actually in the room with me.5

"You've already got a gun to my head baby" he mused, stroking my hair and moving closer, "I didn't know you missed me this much." 2

"I didn't" I hissed, moving to the edge of the bed and pressing it under his chin. +

"I'm so sorry I left you here, I needed to clean up my trail." 1

I shook my head "That's bullshit Caden." 3

He smirked "I love when you say my name baby." +

I felt his hand caress my hip, moving up and circling my waist. +

"You can't stay mad at me forever buttercup" he mused, his eyes darkening. 2

"Why not? You left me here" The anger I'd been holding back suddenly washed over me. "You fuck up my life and put me through all that and then leave, that's so fucked up." My hand trembled slightly, I could feel the tears beginning to pool in my eyes. I didn't want to give him the satisfaction of knowing how much his absence had effected me but I'd been through hell the past week. +

"I'm so sorry baby," He stroked me hair back, and in one swift motion, taking the gun out of my hand, sliding it out of reach. He pulled me towards him, cradling me against his chest as I finally let the tears fall. I held onto his shirt, just embracing his warmth around me, holding me. I let my body relax, allowing myself to finally feel safe. +

I raised my head as he brushed a tear off my cheek, my eyes meeting his. "You forced me to love you Caden, don't fuck with my head and leave again. I won't be able to come back from that." 6

"I won't ever leave you" he whispered softly "I promise Bella"5

He moved so I was laying down, his arms wrapped around me and slowly I began to nod off, the many sleepless nights catching up to me. +

I didn't dream, and thankfully my nightmare didn't come back, but I slept more soundly then I had in the past week. I didn't need to worry when he was here, I was safe. 6

~+

I squinted as the sun blinded me, streaming through the thin curtains onto the bed. I moved slightly, panic setting in for one second before Caden moved his arm tighter around me. +

"You didn't leave." I said softly, sitting up and rubbing my eyes.+

"I promised you I wouldn't." 1

I ran a hand through my hair, pushing it out of my face. He looked perfect, his black hair messy from laying next to me and his dark eyes taking me in, wondering over my face. I hadn't dreamed him, He'd actually come back.1

"Why did you have to leave the hospital without telling me?" I almost didn't want to hear the answer, but my curiosity got the better of me. +

He laughed softly "This isn't normal pillow talk baby, you just woke up"+

I snuggled closer to him, I was still tired but I needed to know "I can't be with you if I don't know you Caden, parts of you scare me but not knowing where you went?" my voice trembled "That terrified me." +

He seemed to understand the urgency in my tone, his muscles tensing as he pulled me tighter. +

"The FBI raided everything Bella, we had to keep a couple guys away to accomplish that, Larx is starting everything up again on a smaller scale in a different location." He sighed, furrowing his brow "You weren't supposed to get taken and I wasn't supposed to get shot, and if you look at any medical records, I won't be there anymore, that shooting never happened"+

My hand moved to his chest, resting where the bullet had gone through. "I'm a ghost Bella, there's no record of me, the FBI know me as someone different but the hospital visit was hard to get around. They have online records and paper files."2

"Why did you have to disappear then? Would it be so bad for you to have a paper trail?" I felt dumb for asking the question but I didn't understand. +

He just nodded "I have plans Bella, and for them to succeed I can't have any connection to my old life, I made a lot of mistakes. If you look me up you'll find a death certificate for a 17 year old kid, he died in a Juvenile dentition center after a fight got out of hand." 1

I felt a familiar shiver run down my spine, I always forgot how little I knew about him. I wanted to know more, no matter how dark. I wanted to know him, understand him. Fuck, I wanted him. +

"Ryder helped me with that" I nodded, listening intently, my thoughts no longer a distraction. "I use a different name and a different ID for anything if it's needed, but hacking those hospital files was hard. DNA evidence is also different to get rid of but we know a couple guys." He noticed my face and his expression softened "I had to disappear baby otherwise I wouldn't have been able to come back to you, this way I'm in the clear."2

I nodded, my head spinning with what he'd just told me. I knew I would need time to precess everything he'd just told me, and probably a couple drinks before I was okay with it. +

"You know what you said last night?"+

I tilted my head in question, the subject change brining me back to the present "No what did I say ?"+

He smirked, lacing my hand in his "I'm pretty sure you told me you loved me."4

I opened my mouth in a mock gasp "I did not!" +

His smile grew wider "You did baby." I tried to think back to last night, going over what I'd said. I knew I'd been tired but I couldn't remember admitting my feelings to him. I'd kept that secret as best I could, knowing that once I said those three words there was no backing out. +

"Don't regret it" he said softly, pulling me closer "you'll have a hard time getting rid of me from now on though" He lifted my chin so he could look into my eyes. +

All I had been feeling the past week was hatred for him, I hated that he'd left me like this but he'd left to protect me. I hadn't wanted to think about the fact that I did miss him. I missed him so much it hurt me, every single day. +

I couldn't focus, I had just wanted him next to me. Now he was, holding me tightly. +

"I'm never leaving, you're going to be my wife one day Bella" he kissed my lips softly "I love you"2

I was at a crossroads. +

My life wouldn't ever be normal, but was I willing to exchange that for him? Was he worth it? +

I felt my stomach turn in knots, I couldn't go back now. +

"I love you, Caden"34

I heard the purring before I even opened my eyes. +

I groaned "Caden?" +

I cracked open one eye and came face to face with the black cat sitting on my chest, her purring vibrating her small body. I scratched her head, her eyes closing as the purring intensified. 4

The door opened and Caden came into the room, his back T-shirt and jeans doing nothing to hide his muscles. "Good morning buttercup." He swooped down and took the cat off my chest, holding her close to him.+

I rolled over and stretched my arms out, my eyes noticing the time displayed on the alarm clock. +

"Shit I'm going to be late" I scrambled out of bed and ran to the closet, riffling through the shirts. +

"Hey hey hey," He set the cat on the bed and walked over to me, his hand wrapping around my waist. "You have the day off today darling."1

I shook my head "Natalie asked me to come in today to help with-" he shook his head, stopping me mid sentence. "I already talked to her, today is too important to have her steal you away from me." 5

I turned and wrapped my arms around his neck, breathing in his cologne, feeling the warmth of his skin against mine. I bent my head, leaning against him. +

"Happy anniversary my love." I spoke softly, a smile playing across my lips. 12

He chuckled, pulling me over to the door "I have coffee ready for you darling, but take your time, we still have all the time in the world."+

I followed him into the kitchen, our cat Shadow following behind us, meowing every now and then, asking for her food. 6

I opened the fridge and Caden brought over her bowl, stroking my hair away from my face as I opened the can and portioned the food in half, saving the second serving for later tonight. I set her bowl on the floor and she began to eat, purring loudly again. +

I looked around me, taking in the sight of the kitchen, distracted at first with feeding my girl. +

Every surface was covered in flowers, already arranged in vases, the scents of rose and Jasmin hanging in the air. The sunlight streamed in through the kitchen window, the breeze from outside seeming warmer then it had yesterday. I breathed in deeply, smiling as I felt my heart jump in my chest. This was so beautiful. +

He handed me a steaming cup of coffee, sugar and creamer already added. "What are we doing today?" I asked, taking a small sip to see if my drink was to hot. +

He leaned back against the counter "I have so many plans Bella, but it's all going to be a surprise."+

I scrunched my nose, making a face at him "I hate surprises." +

"Too bad." he said, his eyes sparkling "I'v bought a new dress for you as well, you won't have to think of anything today."1

"They don't need you out in the field today?"+

He shook his head "No, Larx has that part covered." +

If I had been told six years ago that Caden would end up working with the FBI again, I probably would have called whoever told me that a bad fucking liar. After a couple close calls with the law in the past couple years, Caden has become something of a consultant for their smuggling and distribution cases. His illegal dealing and true identity going completely under their radar. 16

"Thank you for the flowers." I whispered, moving closer to him and setting my cup down. He reached out and grasped my waist, pulling me closer to him. "It's you and me forever Bella." He said softly, a hand cupping my face. "Are you happy?"1

I leaned into his touch "Of course I'm happy Baby."+

His eyes glistened in the sun, his smile making my heart warm in my chest. +

"Good." his smile turned into a smirk "So when are you going to start having my babies, because this morning seems like a good time to get that started." 15

I choked slightly "Caden!" +

"I'm just saying buttercup" he kissed my forehead lightly "but today is about you, and like I said, we've got all the time in the world."+

"I swear to god Caden if my children end up getting your stalker gene I'll be pissed."8

He winked "I'll teach them how to do it properly don't worry love."22

I shook my head. I felt like I was floating, my cheeks hurting from smiling. +

I really was happy. I didn't want for anything, my life finally feeling complete. +

"I love you" +

"I love you too, buttercup"161

Hi 2

I am revising this book and editing it outside of Wattpad. I will be changing a lot but if you've read it, please comment what you want changed. The new version I am planning on publishing through Amazon but leaving this version up here since so much will be different. I will be changing Bella's age to 22 and Cadens age will be 26. The stalking will have lasted 2 years. Bella is going to be in community college as well, still living at home.7

She's going to be a bartender in the revised version as well. 2

Gary the cop will stay in the story because he's the actual main character ☺️7

Comment and let me know what changes you want to see. Or criticism of the writing style as I am always trying to improve. 3

The original book was written was I was 15 so there were a lot of issues with it. 2

I am also working on a similar book called Addicted to her Pain. if you liked this one you would probably like that one a bit more. +

Thank you ☺️4

Follow me on social media!+

Insta - cerys_cate+

Tik tok - Notgothmoth1

Bella's POV+

I sat up in bed, out of breath and panting. My hands flew to my chest, my breathing out of control. I'd had the nightmare again, the same one I'd had every single night this week. It would begin down in that basement, I would be unable to move, my hands and feet bound by ropes. I would watch as the walls began to get tighter, Ryder's laugh echoing around the room. I would scream Caden's name but he wouldn't appear. I always woke up in a cold sweat, just as tired as I had been before going to sleep.+

It had been nine days since he'd disappeared from the hospital. Nine whole days since he'd somehow gotten into my house to leave me that note along with that stupid necklace. I fiddled with the gun pendent, the metal warm from my skin. I'd taken it off of the chain immediately after receiving it and added it onto the string where my silver music note hung, my dads gift to me. I felt the necessary to have both tokens close, their meaning bringing me comfort. +

I still didn't know where he'd gone or when he'd be back. I resented him for that. He'd created the world I was forced to live in and then when real danger had come and gone, he disappeared, leaving me to deal with the aftermath alone.+

I sat in the dark, my breathing finally becoming normal as I calmed down. +

"I'v missed you Bella."2

I saw his shadow step towards the bed and in two second flat I had grabbed the gun I kept hidden under my pillow and sat up, holding it to his head. The feint light from the streetlamp outside illuminated his face, a couple healing cuts flashing white against his skin. I reached out a hand, my fingers closing in a fist around the material of his t-shirt. He was real, he was actually in the room with me.5

"You've already got a gun to my head baby" he mused, stroking my hair and moving closer, "I didn't know you missed me this much." 2

"I didn't" I hissed, moving to the edge of the bed and pressing it under his chin. +

"I'm so sorry I left you here, I needed to clean up my trail." 1

I shook my head "That's bullshit Caden." 3

He smirked "I love when you say my name baby." +

I felt his hand caress my hip, moving up and circling my waist. +

"You can't stay mad at me forever buttercup" he mused, his eyes darkening. 2

"Why not? You left me here" The anger I'd been holding back suddenly washed over me. "You fuck up my life and put me through all that and then leave, that's so fucked up." My hand trembled slightly, I could feel the tears beginning to pool in my eyes. I didn't want to give him the satisfaction of knowing how much his absence had effected me but I'd been through hell the past week. +

"I'm so sorry baby," He stroked me hair back, and in one swift motion, taking the gun out of my hand, sliding it out of reach. He pulled me towards him, cradling me against his chest as I finally let the tears fall. I held onto his shirt, just embracing his warmth around me, holding me. I let my body relax, allowing myself to finally feel safe. +

I raised my head as he brushed a tear off my cheek, my eyes meeting his. "You forced me to love you Caden, don't fuck with my head and leave again. I won't be able to come back from that." 6

"I won't ever leave you" he whispered softly "I promise Bella"5

He moved so I was laying down, his arms wrapped around me and slowly I began to nod off, the many sleepless nights catching up to me. +

I didn't dream, and thankfully my nightmare didn't come back, but I slept more soundly then I had in the past week. I didn't need to worry when he was here, I was safe. 6

~+

I squinted as the sun blinded me, streaming through the thin curtains onto the bed. I moved slightly, panic setting in for one second before Caden moved his arm tighter around me. +

"You didn't leave." I said softly, sitting up and rubbing my eyes.+

"I promised you I wouldn't." 1

I ran a hand through my hair, pushing it out of my face. He looked perfect, his black hair messy from laying next to me and his dark eyes taking me in, wondering over my face. I hadn't dreamed him, He'd actually come back.1

"Why did you have to leave the hospital without telling me?" I almost didn't want to hear the answer, but my curiosity got the better of me. +

He laughed softly "This isn't normal pillow talk baby, you just woke up"+

I snuggled closer to him, I was still tired but I needed to know "I can't be with you if I don't know you Caden, parts of you scare me but not knowing where you went?" my voice trembled "That terrified me." +

He seemed to understand the urgency in my tone, his muscles tensing as he pulled me tighter. +

"The FBI raided everything Bella, we had to keep a couple guys away to accomplish that, Larx is starting everything up again on a smaller scale in a different location." He sighed, furrowing his brow "You weren't supposed to get taken and I wasn't supposed to get shot, and if you look at any medical records, I won't be there anymore, that shooting never happened"+

My hand moved to his chest, resting where the bullet had gone through. "I'm a ghost Bella, there's no record of me, the FBI know me as someone different but the hospital visit was hard to get around. They have online records and paper files."2

"Why did you have to disappear then? Would it be so bad for you to have a paper trail?" I felt dumb for asking the question but I didn't understand. +

He just nodded "I have plans Bella, and for them to succeed I can't have any connection to my old life, I made a lot of mistakes. If you look me up you'll find a death certificate for a 17 year old kid, he died in a Juvenile dentition center after a fight got out of hand." 1

I felt a familiar shiver run down my spine, I always forgot how little I knew about him. I wanted to know more, no matter how dark. I wanted to know him, understand him. Fuck, I wanted him. +

"Ryder helped me with that" I nodded, listening intently, my thoughts no longer a distraction. "I use a different name and a different ID for anything if it's needed, but hacking those hospital files was hard. DNA evidence is also different to get rid of but we know a couple guys." He noticed my face and his expression softened "I had to disappear baby otherwise I wouldn't have been able to come back to you, this way I'm in the clear."2

I nodded, my head spinning with what he'd just told me. I knew I would need time to precess everything he'd just told me, and probably a couple drinks before I was okay with it. +

"You know what you said last night?"+

I tilted my head in question, the subject change brining me back to the present "No what did I say ?"+

He smirked, lacing my hand in his "I'm pretty sure you told me you loved me."4

I opened my mouth in a mock gasp "I did not!" +

His smile grew wider "You did baby." I tried to think back to last night, going over what I'd said. I knew I'd been tired but I couldn't remember admitting my feelings to him. I'd kept that secret as best I could, knowing that once I said those three words there was no backing out. +

"Don't regret it" he said softly, pulling me closer "you'll have a hard time getting rid of me from now on though" He lifted my chin so he could look into my eyes. +

All I had been feeling the past week was hatred for him, I hated that he'd left me like this but he'd left to protect me. I hadn't wanted to think about the fact that I did miss him. I missed him so much it hurt me, every single day. +

I couldn't focus, I had just wanted him next to me. Now he was, holding me tightly. +

"I'm never leaving, you're going to be my wife one day Bella" he kissed my lips softly "I love you"2

I was at a crossroads. +

My life wouldn't ever be normal, but was I willing to exchange that for him? Was he worth it? +

I felt my stomach turn in knots, I couldn't go back now. +

"I love you, Caden"34

I heard the purring before I even opened my eyes. +

I groaned "Caden?" +

I cracked open one eye and came face to face with the black cat sitting on my chest, her purring vibrating her small body. I scratched her head, her eyes closing as the purring intensified. 4

The door opened and Caden came into the room, his back T-shirt and jeans doing nothing to hide his muscles. "Good morning buttercup." He swooped down and took the cat off my chest, holding her close to him.+

I rolled over and stretched my arms out, my eyes noticing the time displayed on the alarm clock. +

"Shit I'm going to be late" I scrambled out of bed and ran to the closet, riffling through the shirts. +

"Hey hey hey," He set the cat on the bed and walked over to me, his hand wrapping around my waist. "You have the day off today darling."1

I shook my head "Natalie asked me to come in today to help with-" he shook his head, stopping me mid sentence. "I already talked to her, today is too important to have her steal you away from me." 5

I turned and wrapped my arms around his neck, breathing in his cologne, feeling the warmth of his skin against mine. I bent my head, leaning against him. +

"Happy anniversary my love." I spoke softly, a smile playing across my lips. 12

He chuckled, pulling me over to the door "I have coffee ready for you darling, but take your time, we still have all the time in the world."+

I followed him into the kitchen, our cat Shadow following behind us, meowing every now and then, asking for her food. 6

I opened the fridge and Caden brought over her bowl, stroking my hair away from my face as I opened the can and portioned the food in half, saving the second serving for later tonight. I set her bowl on the floor and she began to eat, purring loudly again. +

I looked around me, taking in the sight of the kitchen, distracted at first with feeding my girl. +

Every surface was covered in flowers, already arranged in vases, the scents of rose and Jasmin hanging in the air. The sunlight streamed in through the kitchen window, the breeze from outside seeming warmer then it had yesterday. I breathed in deeply, smiling as I felt my heart jump in my chest. This was so beautiful. +

He handed me a steaming cup of coffee, sugar and creamer already added. "What are we doing today?" I asked, taking a small sip to see if my drink was to hot. +

He leaned back against the counter "I have so many plans Bella, but it's all going to be a surprise."+

I scrunched my nose, making a face at him "I hate surprises." +

"Too bad." he said, his eyes sparkling "I'v bought a new dress for you as well, you won't have to think of anything today."1

"They don't need you out in the field today?"+

He shook his head "No, Larx has that part covered." +

If I had been told six years ago that Caden would end up working with the FBI again, I probably would have called whoever told me that a bad fucking liar. After a couple close calls with the law in the past couple years, Caden has become something of a consultant for their smuggling and distribution cases. His illegal dealing and true identity going completely under their radar. 16

"Thank you for the flowers." I whispered, moving closer to him and setting my cup down. He reached out and grasped my waist, pulling me closer to him. "It's you and me forever Bella." He said softly, a hand cupping my face. "Are you happy?"1

I leaned into his touch "Of course I'm happy Baby."+

His eyes glistened in the sun, his smile making my heart warm in my chest. +

"Good." his smile turned into a smirk "So when are you going to start having my babies, because this morning seems like a good time to get that started." 15

I choked slightly "Caden!" +

"I'm just saying buttercup" he kissed my forehead lightly "but today is about you, and like I said, we've got all the time in the world."+

"I swear to god Caden if my children end up getting your stalker gene I'll be pissed."8

He winked "I'll teach them how to do it properly don't worry love."22

I shook my head. I felt like I was floating, my cheeks hurting from smiling. +

I really was happy. I didn't want for anything, my life finally feeling complete. +

"I love you" +

"I love you too, buttercup"161

Hi 2

I am revising this book and editing it outside of Wattpad. I will be changing a lot but if you've read it, please comment what you want changed. The new version I am planning on publishing through Amazon but leaving this version up here since so much will be different. I will be changing Bella's age to 22 and Cadens age will be 26. The stalking will have lasted 2 years. Bella is going to be in community college as well, still living at home.7

She's going to be a bartender in the revised version as well. 2

Gary the cop will stay in the story because he's the actual main character ☺️7

Comment and let me know what changes you want to see. Or criticism of the writing style as I am always trying to improve. 3

The original book was written was I was 15 so there were a lot of issues with it. 2

I am also working on a similar book called Addicted to her Pain. if you liked this one you would probably like that one a bit more. +

Thank you ☺️4

Follow me on social media!+

Insta - cerys_cate+

Tik tok - Notgothmoth1





