Hey everyone,519

First of all, thank you so much for all your love and support. Hope you all are doing well.5

And, I am back with a new story. I hope you guys like this book and enjoy it. 3

NOTE BEFORE YOU START:13

*Do not copy my ideas, it's purely based on my imagination.25

*This story is unedited, well highly unedited so excuse the grammatical errors.7

*Do not post any hateful or rude comments. 48

There are characters in the story who are weak not everyone can speak for themselves, so please stop saying rude stuffs about them and just leave the story no one is stopping you.32

Also the story is cliché and if you are not into that stuff just leave.37

*Do not take the writing personally, it is not meant to hurt anyone's feelings or culture. So, a request read it as a 'story'. 11

****************3

Started on : November 2020225

So, Let's start the story.14

Do not forget to vote and comment.7

Stay safe!Love you all!❤️22

Happy reading... 20

[So, the male and the female lead are the same as the previous story. I really loved both of them so, if you guys don't like it, you can imagine your own characters.]479

You can follow me on Instagram. +


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

                    LIAM PARKER28

25 year old billionaire, CEO of Parker Enterprises, one of the most successful company in New York.  He is heartless, ruthless when it comes to his work. But there is a caring side of him that he shows only towards his son.220


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

                     BELLA ADAMS10

24 year old simple, bubbly girl who lives alone in an orphanage with her Nanny. Her Nanny is everything to her. She is currently working in a cafe. 136


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

                     RYAN PARKER5

5 year old kid, he is very smart more than what a five year old kid should be. He does not have any friend, and has a tutor who comes to teach him at home.141


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

                    LUCAS AUSTIN5

26 year old, Liam's friend and his Personal Investigator.56


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

                        MIA WHITE7

Liam's girlfriend, who is cheating on him.462


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

                   BRITTANY QUINN+

A modeller.107


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

                STEVE WILLIAMS3

Bella's only friend, who was with her since college.80


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

*******************15

Don't forget to vote and comment.Stay safe!4

Love you all!❤️5

BELLA ADAMS👆*****************BELLA ADAMS1K

Speaking about my life it's a mess. I was 2 year old when my mother or maybe someone else I don't remember left me in the orphanage. I grew up in that orphanage. The orphanage was small not many kids were there it was just me and some ten other kids. But they all hated me because Nanny loved me more than anyone. 254

If you guys are wondering about Nanny, she was the one who used to look after the orphanage and let me tell you guys she is amazing. She has gotten old but still she believes that she is young and has more energy than me. She is my life and the only family I have. I love her. Well you guys must be wondering why I said 'used to' that's because everyone in that orphanage was adopted and it's now only me and Nanny. Nanny told me many times but I didn't want to get adopted by anyone. I wanted to live with her. So now it's no more an orphanage, it's just me and Nanny.224

I was in my usual shift working at the café. I was at the counter staring at the customers. Well when you get bored you have no other option. 60

That man there, why is he staring at the coffee like it's his first time seeing a coffee in front of him.84

Oldie's are like this. You can't help. My conscience said. 91

Oh and that guy there, look at him not even looking at the delicious food in front of him instead he is just staring at that blonde who is busy with her makeup.35

Guys these days. UGH!!133

That kiddo looks cute. Clapping his hands looking at the coffee. Huh! At least someone is happy.75

He is just a kid.14

Oh god! What's that man doing there. Is he planning to murder the cake with the fork. No! No! No! Don't you dare murder it, I made that beautiful cake.242

Oh God! If he doesn't murder it how will he eat it.35

That's not my problem.6

And he murdered my cake.13

All hardwork in vain. I wish I could murder him too.225

You need to stop with those criminal ideas.43

"Hey there." A voice came. I came back from my dreamy world. 2

"Welcome to 'The Hideout' ma'am. What can I get you?" I asked in a most polite and sweet voice.26

"Cappuccino" she said rudely.97

I hate these kind of people.24

"How many ma'am" I asked again politely.23

"Do you see anyone else with me. Are you dumb or what? Just bring it quickly. I don't have the whole day."381

With that she went and sat on a seat.4

Bitch.181

I made her cappuccino quickly and went to give her. I kept it on her table and said "Enjoy your coffee!"19

She took a sip and spit it. "Eww! Do you even call this a coffee. This taste like shit."266

Okay I got it. Her sense of taste is shit. Because I make the best coffee here. Everyone says that.30

"Go and make another one." 15

What the hell!2

"Okayy.. and I'm really sorry." I quickly went in prepared another one, tasted it. 82

Yep! It's perfect.1

I am great.17

I again made my way to her and kept her coffee on the table. 1

"Ma'am here is your Cappuccino."1

She again tasted it.+

Ha! Now say bitch. 4

Inwardly I patted my back.2

She again spit the coffee from her mouth.9

"You really don't know how to make a simple Cappuccino." She stood and screamed in my ear. "Do you just take money for staring at everyone whoever passes by. You are such a waste."181

I looked at her in disbelief.2

"Excuse me?"2

"Oh! So now this trash has hearing problem."64

"Ma'am you are a customer and that is the reason I am respecting you. You can't talk to me like that."38

"Oh really. Then how should I talk to you?" she then pushed me back.41

"Huh? Tell me."+

"Come on trash I don't have time." Again she pushed me.75

That's it bitch.2

No!4

Stop! 2

You have a job. No!3

Fuck the job.205

The guy who murdered my piece of cake was sitting right in front of me. I took the cake and smashed it on her face. She stood there shocked.471

"Now tell me ma'am who is a trash." I said with the same smile I had earlier.95

She glared at me before marching in my direction "YOU BITCH!!"32

I held her hand and pinned it behind her then said "Don't even try that. It's not my fault if your sense of taste is shit." Then I let go of her hand pushing her forward.93

"AAHHH!!" She screamed.2

"What happened?" someone said from behind me and I immediately recognised the voice.1

Fuck! Manager.24

I am doomed!4

I turned around looking down.+

"Look what has she done." The bitch said indicating her face.1

"Bella?" manager said.5

"Sir I didn't want to-" I started but he cut me off.1

"What the hell did you do? You don't know how to behave with a customer."9

"Sir she said bad words to me and-" he again cuts me off.9

"That doesn't mean you'll do such an act."40

"I am sorry Sir I got angry and-"1

"You are fired."205

"What?" I asked in shock.64

"You heard me. You are fired." 4

"No sir you can't do that. I am really sorry but-"2

"GET OUT NOW." He shouted.64

I warned you.21

I went in and collected all my things. When I was about to leave I saw the bitch smirking at me. It made me more angry.20

I am fired right.5

Ya! You are.6

Good then.2

Now you can do whatever the hell you want. I won't stop you.81

I marched towards her table and took her Cappuccino that was on the table and threw it on her.462

With a smile on my face I said "Have a nice day ma'am!!"104

With that I walked out of the café. I could hear her shouting and manager apologising to her. I walked to my house.4

Jesus! What am I going to do now? I am jobless.20

When I reached home I saw Nanny sitting on the couch holding a paper in her hand. I went to her, keeling in front of her I took the paper from her hand.8

"What is it Nanny?"+

I read the paper. "What the hell!"1

"Bella, they want to make a hotel in this property. My son has lost this last thing that I had in gambling. What are we going to do Bella?"85

Her son is a drunkard and a gambler of course he always creates problems for us. Nanny has lost everything that she had because of him and now this house was the last thing she had and now this too. I hugged her.10

"I promise we'll figure something out Nanny. I will find a place for us soon."4

But the question is how?2

I lost my job too.3

We only have a week time to empty this house.3

I can't see her crying. I have to do something. 12

*****************Hope you guys liked the first chapter, there are lot more things to come this is just the beginning43

Don't forget to Vote and Comment.Stay safe!9

Love you all!❤️7

STEVE WILLIAMS👆****************BELLA ADAMS177

I have just one hope left now. I can ask Steve to find me a job. Yes, he is only the one left now to help me. I know you guys are wondering that who is Steve. Well Steve is the only friend I have. 95

"Nanny I'll be home soon." I kissed her cheeks and said.6

"Where are you going?" she asked.1

"To meet Steve. Maybe he can help me to find a job."6

"Why him? You can't do it yourself."2

"Nanny." I left the house with that. 39

Nanny doesn't like Steve at all. She always says that he is a bad guy. But I always tell her the opposite.178

When I reached Steve's house I pressed the doorbell. He opened the door. +

"Bella? What are you doing here?" he asked.14

"Umm... Steve I needed to talk to you about something." I said.+

"Okay... come inside." 5

I went in and sat on the couch. He sat on the other couch.2

"So what did you want to talk about?"+

"So Steve, here's the thing I really need a job."+

"Job? But you had one right?"+

Then I explained him the whole story. He thought for a little while then smirked.5

Why is this guy smirking?30

Bella I don't feel right. I think you should just get out.93

Hell No! how can I get out. I need a job now. I can't just go out.4

Steve then rose from his seat and sat beside me. Like extremely close to me. I moved a bit away on my seat. He then placed a hand on my thigh then started twirling a strand of my hair with his other hand.453

"See Bella, the thing is that I have a job for you. That is perfect."9

"But?" I asked.2

He again smirked and said "But you know everything in this world is not that easy. Everything has a price."163

"What price? What are you talking about Steve?"23

He then came more closer to me and held my face in his hand.11

"I have wanted you for so long Bella. The first day I saw you I wanted to take you right then and there. But when I talk to you I saw that you were not that kind of a girl who I can get easily. Then I saw your weak point. You never had any friend. So I thought why not be your friend and take you. Bella I promise, you won't regret it in fact you'll love it. I'll make your first time special. Then you can easily get the job Bella. Just one night with me."891

My eyes widened. "What? Are you crazy? Steve I have never thought about you in that way." I got up from the couch. He too stood up.15

"But I do. You drive me crazy Bella. It's just one night."89

"Stay away from me." He kept making his way towards me and I kept moving backward until my back hit the wall. "Please stay away from me Steve." I started crying.56

"Come on Bella."1

"STAY AWAY!" I shouted.47

I was about to run when he held my hand and pulled me back again. My back crashed with the hard wall.5

"Please let me go Steve." I begged in front of him.13

But he didn't listen to me. He was about to kiss me when seeing to other option I hit the part where his sun doesn't shine.410

He groaned in pain I opened the door and ran out of there. I heard him shouting my name from behind. I kept running and running.17

Why is everything happening at the same time.1

First I lost my job.+

Then that letter.11

And now Steve.14

He was the only friend I had but he too.50

Everyone in this world is mean.------------------------------------------------------------Here I am sitting in the club having a drink after another.130

I think I am already drunk. 5

"What should I do? I can't think of anything. Why is my life so fucked up."25

I started laughing like a fool.3

"Hey are you okay?" the bartender asked me.8

I nodded still laughing. "I am sooooo okaayyyy!"9

"Oh boy! I think you are sad."118

"Youuu thhhink." I laughed again loudly. "My life is a fucking messss."6

"Hey listen. I can help you to reduce that stress. The pleasure is for just a night."312

"Huh? What do you mean by thaaatttt?"4

He then took a drink in his hand then mixed something in it.107

"This. Have it." He gave it to me.5

"What is this?"1

"Umm... see you wanted peace and pleasure for one night. You'll get it. Just go to that area and enter in room no. 119. Okay? You'll enjoy it trust me."220

"REALLY!" I exclaimed. I really need some enjoyment.361

I was about to have the drink when a hand came and snatched it away from me. I turned to look at the idiot who did that and saw a man sitting beside me with a glass of wine in his hand.103

"Are you crazy? She is drunk you can't send her there." I looked carefully at his face.35

He was not just any man. He was a sculpture of perfection. His eyes were sea coloured, then moving on to his lips thin and pink then his jawline perfect. In simple words this man was just perfect. Dream of any girl.182

He then looked at me from top to bottom and said "Listen, I don't have any idea what is your problem but this place isn't safe for you. You are drunk so just go home."7

"NO! I don't want to go hooome. I want to go there." I said pointing at the place where the bartender pointed before. 26

"No. You are not going there. It's not safe."10

"I will go there."2

"Stop being stubborn. You are a stranger to me still I am warning you. So can't you use your brain that there should be a reason for me to do that."17

"But he is also a stranger." I said pointing at the bartender. "Whom should I listen then?"63

"Me. You are not going there." He said in a stern voice.5

"Who are you? My Daddy? No. you are nooo one soo why should I listen to you."416

I stood up from my stool. Stumbled back a little. He instantly held my arm preventing me from falling.5

"You can't even stand properly and you want to have fun. A fun that you don't even know about."10

He stood up from his seat and said "Where do you live? I'll drop you."5

LIAM PARKER 👆224

******************BELLA ADAMS+

Here I am back in my house sitting on my bed thinking about last night. Well not thinking exactly but trying to remember. But nothing. Every time I stop after I pulled him.9

What after that? And did he change my clothes?3

Who the hell told you to drink so much?8

I hid my face in my pillow.+

"Bella, come fast baby the breakfast is ready." I heard Nanny's voice.5

I got down from my bed and went to the kitchen. I sat on the chair she served the breakfast for both of us then sat in front of me eyeing me suspiciously.1

I looked down eating my food.+

"Will you tell me?" She finally said. I looked at her.+

Nervously laughing I asked "What are you talking about?"+

"You very well know. What am I talking about?"+

"Umm... no I don't." I said trying to act innocent.1

"Don't you dare act innocent Bella."+

"I am not trying to act anything."+

"Don't tell me your first was that Steve. BELLA I SWAER I WILL KILL YOU." She shouted the last part.97

I clutched my chest with wide eyes. "Nanny s-stop. Are you planning to give me a heart attack or what?"4

She then pulled my arm and glared at me "Was it Steve?" she asked me in an extremely angry voice.+

Gulping hard I shook my head as 'no'.+

She then left my arm and went back eating her breakfast. "Then who was it."4

"Umm.."+

"Tell me was he handsome. Young. Tall."102

"Will you stop?" 3

"Okay. Okay. But you had a job interview right?"+

"Ya. It will start at 9 so I have time."22

"What job is it now?"+

"It's for a babysitter. I got notification on my phone last night. So I thought why not try it once."94

"Are you sure about it?"+

"Ya Nanny. Don't worry, we'll surely get a new house."12

She nodded sadly.+

I kissed her cheek.1

"So what did you do, this morning. Did you guys do it again?"86

And I thought she was sad. 7

"What is wrong with you?"6

"Come on now don't be shy tell me. Again? Oh Sweet Jesus! For how many rounds did you go? Did he use protection? He better did or else I'll kill him. I don't want my Bella to get pregnant so early."280

I stared at her in disbelief.4

"Whose Nanny says that. And just stop. I don't remember anything. I was drunk and-"6

"You are of no use."157

"Speaking of this morning, I was freaking out. I thought that I was the one who seduced him and now he must be thinking that I am that type of girl so I just wore my clothes and ran away from there without letting anyone know."2

"You ran away?"3

"Ya. I was scared. But I left a sorry and a thank you note for him."2

"Bella, why are you so dumb."198

"You have to understand Nanny, this was my first time in this kind of a situation."53

She just shook her head.1

"Anyways I am done eating I'll leave." I said and stood up.2

I hugged her once, she kissed my cheeks and said "Take care."+

I nodded.+

"Bye."1

I hope everything goes well. For the past few days my life has been a mess. I need this job for Nanny or we'll surely go homeless.5

Finally I reached the Parker Enterprises I looked at the company, it was huge. Well I have my interview here. So I went in. I saw a lot of people waiting for the interview. I sat on one of the chairs and waited for my turn. Every girl sitting there was busy with their makeup, hair and dress. 41

I think it's just me dressed like this. I am sure that someone among them will get the job before my turn comes. But one by one everyone came out with a sad face.6

Then finally my turn came. The lady called me "Miss Adams please come inside."10

I nodded and rose up from my seat. I followed her inside. My eyes first roamed all around the office. +


      
  
    
        
    
    
      
        
        
      
    
   
  90

Woah! Everything here is so cool.2

Then my eyes fell on the person sitting on the chair. +

Why does this guy look familiar?1

Fuck! You are so doomed.2

Why? +

My eyes widened.+

Wait. He is....2

Yes he is.27

Hell no! Fuck! For sure I am not getting this job now.19

I bit my lip in nervousness. I think he noticed that and a smirk played on his lips. I stood there like a statue.26

He then looked at the lady beside me and said "Olivia, please do me a favour, postpone all the other interviews. I think I'll need time for this one."358

My eyes which were already wide open, widened more now.4

But why? Why does he want more time with me.3

I don't know. That smirk looks so evil. But you have to admit he looks hot.13

Shut up pervy.11

"Yes sir." The lady named Olivia said and went out after saying "Best of luck" to me.3

"Thank you."+

Well I need that a lot now.2

Then he looked at me again smirking. "Please take a seat Miss..." then he looked down at the file in his hand and continued "Adams." +

RYAN PARKER👆********BELLA ADAMS258

Today is my first day of work. I am standing in front of his house. Yesterday I forgot to ask him something. I have to ask it now or else I would keep thinking about it when he'll be around me.4

I pressed the doorbell a lady opened the door.+

"Yes. Who are you?" she asked.+

"I am here for babysitting Mr. Parker's child. He appointed me."+

"Oh yes! He told me last night. Come in."6

As soon as I entered my mouth fell open. That day I was in so hurry that I didn't notice how beautiful this house is.1


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                            145

"Please wait here. I'll call Sir."5

I nodded with a smile. She went upstairs and came back after few minutes.+

"Sir has already left for work."+

"Okay.. what's your name?" I asked her.+

"I am Maria. And you?"18

"Bella Adams. But you can call me Bella."31

"Okay Bella."+

"Can you show me the child's room and oh I forgot what is his name?"9

"His name is Ryan. And come follow me I'll show you his room."6

I followed to where she was taking me. "But Bella I don't think you'll have a lot of work to do because he is very quiet and just stays with himself. No friends nothing. He'll have a tutor come home and teach him everyday. Sir arranged it for him." I nodded. "Here we are. This is Ryan's room."80

"Thank you." She smiled and left.+

I opened the door and went in. +

Woah! This room is so cute.6


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                            273

I looked around to search for the child. Then finally found him sitting at the corner of the room and playing with some cars.+

I think he didn't realize my presence. I cleared my throat to get his attention.+

Still nothing.+

"Hey I am Bella Adams. Your father has hired me as your babysitter."11

Still no reply. He pretended that I was nowhere in the room.+

I sighed and went to him. Kneeling in front of him. I looked at him.+

He is so cute. Oh Jesus! Those cheeks, those eyes.8

"Hey. What's your name?" I asked.2

"Ryan." He finally said.+

Jesus! That voice. He is the perfect definition of cuteness.75

"So Ryan you want me to play with you. I can play with you."+

He shook his head and focused on his cars.+

"Do you want to go to the garden?"+

He again shook his head.+

What is his problem? He is acting rude.315

I got up and made my way to the chair and sat there. I was sitting and watching him play.+

This job is so boring.88

Then I thought why not search for a rented apartment. I took out my phone and started searching apartments. Finally! An hour of search I found one which is a little cheap and also good. I think this would work. But I have to confirm it from Nanny. I hope she likes it.3

I then looked at Ryan who was still playing.+

He must be hungry. I am hungry too.+

I stood up and asked him "Hey, you hungry? Should I bring something?"+

Again, he shook his head.1

UGH! This kid.75

Then I heard his stomach growling.2

Aww someone is hungry but still lying. "I'll just bring something for you."1

I went down to get food for him. I made my way to the kitchen. I saw Maria working in the kitchen.+

"Hey! Can I use the kitchen please? I had to make something for Ryan."+

"Oh dear that's not your work. It's mine to do and Sir has strictly given me instructions to make food for Ryan." 1

"Okayy... then can you please just make something for Ryan. He is hungry."+

"Did he say that to you?" She asked in surprise.+

"Well not exactly but when his stomach growled, I figured that out."+

"Oh. That's what I was thinking that boy does not talk to anyone. He is on his own all the time." She said while preparing the food.34

"And why is that?" I asked I was really getting curious about this child.+

"I don't know. He never says anything. He is just happy when Sir is with him and only talks to him."49

"Oh." I really want to know the reason but who will tell me.4

I don't have the courage to ask Mr. Parker. Embarrassment is killing me. Talking about Ryan. I don't think he himself is going to tell me.3

Anyways I don't need to know. I'll just do my job and get the salary so that I can pay the rent and me and Nanny, we both can live a peaceful life. I think I shouldn't think so much about Ryan.13

After the long boring day I came back home. I didn't meet Mr. Parker today even once. I really wanted to ask him something but he never showed up then how could I. And this question is killing me.39

Nanny called me for dinner. I sat on the chair she served me my food and sat in front of me with her food.+

"Nanny I was searching for an apartment and I finally found one. I think it's pretty good." Then I took my phone and showed her the picture. "See. This one."3

She looked at it carefully. "Ya. It's good."+

"Really! You liked it?"2

"Yes Bella I liked it."1

"Oh thank God! I'll go and talk about it tomorrow before going for work."+

"Bella I am really sorry. For me you are facing so many troubles."+

"Nanny will you stop blaming yourself. It's not your fault. By the way did I tell you that the guy who umm... took me to his place that night."+

"Umm... let me think." She acted like she was busy in her thoughts. When I very well knew that she already knows which guy I am talking about."1

"Oh! You mean the guy whom you gave your virginity to." She said smiling.99

I glared at her at stabbed the fork on the table "Yes that guy."41

"Oh this is gonna be fun to listen. What did he do? Did you meet him again? Oh Jesus! What did he say? Don't tell me you both did it again. Did you use protection? Oh and Did you-"35

"Nanny will you stop. It's nothing like that. Actually now he is my boss."+

"WHAT?" she shouted. "He is what?"10

"Yes, he is my boss and can you imagine I slept with him. I mean I think I slept with him."76

"You think. What does that mean?"+

"Umm.. I don't remember anything clearly but I think we did that. Because the last memory that I remember I pulled him and he landed on top of me. I don't remember anything after that." I said again trying to remember that night.3

"You pulled him? Damn Bella, you get horny when you are drunk and I thought you are too innocent for those things."191

I again glared at her.2

"You know the worst part. He has a kid. And that too very cute."2

"Oh no. That's really sad. Still try you can have a chance with him."75

"What? Are you crazy? Hell no! He is my boss." 2

"So what. Haven't you read that Boss and secretary books. Oh Bella there are so many. If that's possible then you and him too can have a chance for sure."360

"I don't know why do I tell you everything. You only make the matter worse."+

"Oh Bella! You are no fun. Just imagine how fun it would be if you and him start dating. Exciting, thrilling, loving. Oh my Jesus! I can imagine it right now."66

"Nanny you haven't even seen him."4

"So what, you have described about his features. I can imagine now."2

I groaned in frustration.+

She then continued again with her imagination "Don't disturb me when I am busy with my imagination, let's continue, then your life will take a turn. You will become mad in love then you will not be able to live without him, then both of you will get married then kids then another kid then happily ever after."159

She finally completed with a big smile on her face. I stared at her blankly.2

Is she drunk?36

Do I need to take her to the doctor?3

Does she needs to go to a mental hospital?43

I got up from my chair and patted her shoulder "Umm... I think you should rest for a while." 2

"You think I am joking." She said seriously.+

"Think? Of course you are. You have gone crazy."1

"One day you'll agree to me. I am damn sure."33

I rolled my eyes. "In your dreams."8

"By the way I have made your favourite cookies take some to work tomorrow. Maybe you can eat those in your free time."10

"Okayy..."+

**********************1

I love her Nanny so much! She is so amazing.31

And Ryan, that boy is so so so cute.15

Don't forget to Vote and Comment.Stay safe!+

Love you all!❤+

BELLA ADAMS14

Shit!2

Shit! +

Shit!3

5 minutes left. I shouldn't have gone to talk to the house owner now. I hope I reach for my work on time. 1

Oh Sweet Jesus, just this one time please help me.2

I was running so fast that all the bodyguards outside the mansion were staring at me with an amused look. I then looked at my watch.14

Shit!+

2 minutes.+

I entered the house and sighed when I reached the living room. +

"FINALLY!" I shouted. A victory smile plastered on my face. I was breathing heavily. I then looked in front of me just to see two pair of eyes staring at me giving me a look 'are you crazy'.87

Oh shit! He is home. But why is he home? He should be in his office now.3

"Hey to both of you." I said still huffing.+

Mr. Parker just shook his head and Ryan looked away from me to his Daddy dear. Mr. Parker then got up from his seat picking Ryan in his arms he came to me and stood in front of me. He then looked at his watch.+

"I am on time. You can't fire me." I defended myself without waiting for him to say anything.27

"I can see that. But do you always crash at your workplaces like this."+

Crash?+

"Oh actually I was getting late so I came running and then I saw the door opened so I came in. I am sorry." I said looking down.+

"Maria." He called. Maria came out of the kitchen and stood beside me. He then put down Ryan from his arms. Then stood there with hands in his pockets "I hope you have met Miss Adams already."4

Maria nodded.+

Then he started giving her some orders that's when I got the chance to look at him.+

Dude he is so fucking smoking hot. Those sea-coloured eyes, anyone can get lost in those then moving down to his nose so perfect, his lips are so pink, No Bella stop. Dirty thoughts shu shu. 127

I don't remember anything about that night whether I kissed him or not.2

Okay, I know. I know. I am such a pervert.11

I started thinking how would it feel if he kisses me right now. Like pulling me by my waist in front of everyone standing here then our lips connecting together. Our lips moving slowly against each other. His hold on my waist tightening pulling me closer to him, my hands roaming all over his broad back, his hands-127

"Bella." A familiar voice broke my imagination. I looked beside me to see Maria calling me and signalling me to face Mr. Parker. I turned to him to see him sigh.+

"Huh?" I asked in confusion.+

"Stop spacing out. I don't like it." He said in an irritated tone.64

"Sorry."+

I really need to stop with these dirty thoughts. For God sake he has a kid.6

But he is single.91

No. No. No. Stop. I need to stop listening to Nanny. 6

"Take care of him. I'll be leaving."+

I nodded. He then kneeled down in front of Ryan and kissed his forehead. 1

"Dad will be back soon. Take care."26

Ryan nodded like an obedient child.+

Aww. He is so cute.5

Then Mr. Parker started making his way towards the exit. Suddenly a thought struck my mind. +

I need to ask him about it. Or I'll keep thinking about it.+

"WAIT!" I shouted. He stopped.101

The maids that were cleaning the house stopped and looked at me. Ryan and Maria too looked at me with wide eyes. I slapped my mouth with my hand. Mr. Parker turned around with his eyes furrowed.97

What will I do with you? Who the hell shouts at their boss?+

"Umm.. sorry." I said with a nervous laugh. "Actually, I wanted to ask something."+

"What?" he said rudely.+

"Can we talk in private please?"+

"No. We can't. Just say it." Again rudely.2

"You don't understand. It's a private thing. I won't take long."+

"No Miss Adams. You can say it here."+

"But-"+

"Will you make it quick? I don't have the whole day for you."+

"Mr. Parker it's a private-"+

"Miss Adams say it."30

Fine if he wants me to ask him in front of everyone.+

"Did we have sex that night?" I asked. Finally!1.2K

His eyes widened. He stared at me in disbelief. All the maids and Maria who were looking at me a moment ago, with a shocked look now turned their eyes to Mr. Parker. Ryan too turned to Mr. Parker with confused look. Waiting for his answer. He looked at everyone's faces and then back at mine with a clenched jaw.87

I gave him an innocent smile.9

I warned him, he didn't listen.130

I can see that he was trying to control his anger. Then he finally said "No Miss Adams. We didn't have sex that night."5

Holy Batman! That means I am still a virgin.101

Hell Yass!+

Yass!+

Yass!+

Yass!+

"OH MY GOD! YASSSSSS!" I screamed on top of my voice. He closed his eyes in irritation. I picked up Ryan who was standing next to me in my arms and twirled with him. "Did you hear that? We didn't had sex that night. Jesus! I can't believe it till now. Yass!!"1.3K

I said to him while twirling with him.+

As if he is understanding everything.9

Then when the room fell dead silent, I came back to my senses. 117

Oh Fuck!32

I then cleared my throat and put Ryan down and stood straight looking at Mr. Parker. He glared at me. I immediately looked down. Then he left without saying anything.5

I giggled. 36

Ryan eyed me suspiciously. I looked away, ignoring all the looks he was giving me. He then ran back to his room.26

I love you Jesus. Thank you so much. I am still a virgin.78

Wait. That means he didn't kiss me that night.20

I don't know why but it made me feel sad a bit. But why? I shrugged off all my thoughts away and went to Ryan's room and saw him sitting on his bed and lost in deep thoughts.5

What is he thinking?29

I went to him and sat beside him.+

"Hey I know we have met earlier too but let's introduce ourselves again and start fresh. Maybe we can be friends."+

MIA WHITE👆***************BELLA ADAMS87

Finally! Everything is done. Today was so hectic.2

"Everything is fixed Bella. The house looks beautiful." Nanny said+

"Ya it does." I went to Nanny and hugged her. "Our home."3

She hugged me back and kissed my forehead. +

Today was the shifting and we finally moved to our new house. This house is really beautiful. I love it and from Nanny's face I can make out that she too liked the house. 3

I went to my room and jumped into my bed. +

"Ah! I missed you so much my beddy. It's been so long I have had a peaceful sleep."51

Baby but it's just 8 pm now. Already you are planning to sleep.+

Yass! Because I want some rest. I have work tomorrow.4

You mean your boring work.35

Yes! That only. I think if I keep working there I'll die. And believe me I'll be the first person in the world to die out of silence.4

I too think so. You are not use to such silence.3

Exactly. I hope he talks at least tomorrow.1

Maybe.+

Anyways let's ignore it and sleep.+

With that I drifted off to sleep.+

-------------------------------------------------+

"Shut up bitch." I shouted closing my ears with my pillow.7

"Shut up or I swear I'll break you." I again shouted.12

Well if you guys are wondering then it's the alarm. This bitch always wakes me up early in the morning.155

"UGH!!" I finally sat on the bed ruffling my hair. Then I glared at the alarm.3

"Fuck You Bitch."103

I got up from the bed and went to the washroom. Brushing my teeth and taking a bath I got ready for work. When I made my way to the kitchen, I saw Nanny making breakfast. +

"Good Morning." I said.+

She eyed me suspiciously and said "Why are you so happy today?"+

"Umm I don't know but I feel happiness growing inside me." I replied with a smile.6

"You are a complete gone case."38

I giggled.6

"What did you make for breakfast?"+

"Sandwiches."14

"Lovely." I quickly sat down waiting for her to serve my food.6

She shook her head and smiled.+

-------------------------------------------Here I am standing at the door of the most boring place in this world. +

I groaned in frustration. +

You don't have any other option Bels just barge in. Remember you have to pay the rent. You can do it.2

Yep! I have to even if I don't want to.+

I rang the doorbell and the door was opened by Maria. I smiled at her and said "Good Morning."+

"Good Morning Dear. How was your weekend?"+

"Umm... hectic. I had a lot of work to do. I told you about the new apartment. Right?"+

She tried to remember about it and then said "Ah yes. You did."+

"Ya so shifting and all you know."3

"Oh. Poor baby."+

I nodded making a sad face.+

Hey old lady, don't go with that face. This bitch slept for almost 10 fucking hours. She is completely fine.107

I smirked inwardly then went inside. I stopped on my way when I heard people talking in the living room. I turned to see who it was. 3

Mr. Parker and a woman sitting on the couch together talking and Ryan on another couch glaring at them.61

This kid looks more cute when he glares. I wish I could have such a cute kid in future. With umm... Mr. Parker. I thought looking up.77

OH MY! Just imagine his and my kid. My good looks and my intelligence in that kid. He would be so perfect.268

Umm.. I think you made a mistake.1

Huh? What mistake?+

His good looks and his intelligence. Maybe I can consider your good looks too but intelligence umm... sorry hell no.109

Shut up. Bitch!3

"Bella." A familiar voice came from my side. I looked then saw Maria signalling me to look in front. I looked and saw Mr. Parker standing right in front of me. 2

When did he reach here?2

"How many times do I have to tell you not to space out." He said.2

"Sorry I-I-" I was cut off by a female voice. +

"Oh so she is the one. The babysitter." I looked back to see that woman with whom Mr. Parker was sitting was now standing. She then made her way towards us and stood there holding his arm. +

Can someone please ask her to move away from him, he is mine.427

What? Your? Where did that come from? What has happened to you today?20

I don't know I just don't like her holding his arm.+

Oh man! I can smell jealousy.2

Jealous? Me? Why would I be jealous? No I am not.+

Yes you are. So jealous. 2

I said I am not.24

"She has a habit of spacing out while you are talking to her." Mr. Parker said looking at me but talking to that woman bringing me back to my senses.6

"Huh? Sorry."1

"Don't you get tired of saying sorry again and again." he said.11

I then looked at the woman and said "Bella Adams."+

"Mia White." She said looking away.14

Rude. I already hate her.79

"I'll be leaving now." Mr. Parker said looking at me but talking to that woman again.+

Ugh! Why am I feeling nervous?+

He then went to Ryan kneeled in front of the couch where he was sitting and said "Bye. I'll be back early and then we can watch the movie you want together."+

Ryan smiled and nodded at him. "Bye Dad."+

He kissed Ryan's cheek and said "Remember what I told you last night. You can have the things that Miss Adams gives you."10

Ryan nodded happily.+

I frowned.2

But I haven't brought any cookies today. Last night I ate all of them. Why am I such a heavy eater? 53

Sigh.+

Sigh.+

Sigh.37

Mr. Parker then got up gave me a last look and left. I was about to go to Ryan when Mia held my hand and stopped me. I looked at her in confusion.4

"Listen whatever your name is I am warning you stay away from Liam."106

"Excuse me?" I asked in confusion.2

"Don't act as if you don't know what I am talking about. Stay away from my man."25

"Your man?"2

"Yes my man. He is my boyfriend. We are together for months now."54

No! I can feel my heart shattering. 1

He is taken.+

He is not single.15

But still I won't lose to this bitch at least.75

"Listen I don't want to know since how long you guys are together and I don't even care. I am here to do my job so please just leave." I said signalling her my arm that she was holding.+

She scoffed and said "Do you really think I can't see the way you look at him."2

Oh man! Is it that obvious?+

It is.+

"So stop seducing him."54

Wait. Seducing. When did I do that?1

Bels burst out on her now. Do that.9

"Seduce? Do you even know the meaning of seducing? Well I doubt that. To me at first you looked pretty smart but now I can't say that. You are also a brainless bimbo. Baby that's not called seducing that's called decent talking." I was about to leave then I again remembered something. I took some steps back and stood in front of her again. "And talking about seducing. Sitting on the couch leaning against a man with hands roaming all over his chest that's called seducing." 278

Well yes this was the position she was sitting, leaning against Liam.+

Wait I called him Liam. This was the first time I called him that. But I like his name. And if this brainless bimbo can call him that then I can too.29

Bloody brainless bimbo.59

I then walked upstairs to Ryan's room. I was fuming with anger.+

"How dare she?"+

"How fucking dare she talk to me like that?"3

"I was just talking to him and she..."+

"UGH!!" I shouted.+

Then I saw Ryan entered the room with a frown and then sat on the bed looking at me.+

Ignore him and focus on the bitch.17

I swear I'll kill that bitch.+

"BITCH!!" I again yelled.245

Then I realised.1

Oh shit! Ryan is also in the room. I shouldn't say these words in front of him. I kneeled down in front of him and said "I am really sorry. Just forget that word okay."12

"Just forget it. I shouldn't have said that in front of you."1

"I am so sorry."+

"Please just forget it."+

"Your Daddy will kill me if he finds out."+

"Please just forget everything."+

"Please baby be a nice boy."6

"And forget about me and that bitch too." Oh fuck! I slapped my mouth with my hand and closed my eyes. 22

"Well I know she is a bitch." He said casually.1K

My eyes widened.9

*************************Uh-oh😱😱I love this little one.🙈24

Surprise...Double update1

Don't forget to Vote and Comment.Stay safe!+

Love you all!❤️+

BELLA ADAMS27

"W-What?" I asked in a horrified voice.+

"Ya you don't have to worry I won't tell Dad." He said casually.56

I sat beside him on the bed and sighed.+

"When I get angry I have no control in myself. I am sorry." I said in a sad tone.1

Ryan then tapped my shoulder making a face like 'I understand'.11

"Can you be any more cute?" I said while smiling at his expressions.16

"Let's be serious Miss Adams." He said in a serious tone.181

"Serious about?"+

"About Miss White."+

"What about her?"+

"I want her out of Dad's life. I don't like her."263

"Okayy... and what I have to do about that?"1

"It seems like you also don't like her-" I cut him off.1

"Of course I don't. She blamed me of things that I didn't even do. Bloody bit-" I stopped.6

Not again Bels. +

"You want to help me?" he said.4

I eyed him suspiciously "Help you?"+

"Yes. I am planning to get her out of this house and from Dad's life for a long time. Will you help me?"208

"And what are your plans."+

"I can't tell you until you accept to help me." He said.27

He is smarter than I thought.25

"Fine I'll agree only if you agree to be friends with me. So will you be my friend?" I asked extending my one hand to him.6

He thought for some time then shook my hand. "Okay."+

"So it's a deal."1

"Yep. But I have never had any friends before. What does friend do?"94

Why doesn't he have friends? Who wouldn't like to be friends with such a sweetheart?1

"Well I had many friends in the past but now I am umm... friendless."36

"Oh." He said.+

"So friends, they love each other, they never lie to each other, then they share sadness, happiness everything with each other and friends never betray each other."107

He thought for a minute then said "That's it. Nothing else."+

"Nope."+

"I think I can do those."2

"Great. But why do you hate Mia so much?"1

"Umm... because she only wants Dad's money. I can see that. I have seen her real side but Dad needs to see that. I want to show that who she really is. She is fake."237

"Oh no."+

"Oh yes."68

"Okay... Now tell me your plans."+

"Okay!!" he said and got down of the bed and stood on the floor. Acting as if he was a teacher and I was a student listening to him.30

"So there are chains of plans that leads to one another. Plan no. 1: annoying her so Dad can see the real side of her, that she is not that sweet that she pretends to be."55

"Okayy... but don't you think that this plan is just too normal and umm... like I mean it could be a failure. So you got a backup for that."6

"Miss Adams I always have backup plans. You need to be patient. I told you there are chain of plans." He said casually with hands in his sweat pockets.474

Oh! I forgot that.+

But dude this guy is freakin' smart.5

"You are right Miss Adams this plan has 90% chance of failing so another one is here."28

"Shoot."1

"Plan no. 2:" he started again.+

"Mhmm." I said nodding my head. 1

"You will say Dad that you hate her and she said all hurtful words to you and she is not good for me too as she uses bad words and it's not good for my future."41

My eyes widened. +

Is he joking?1

He means I? Like 'me' I am going to say all these to Liam.5

"Umm... I think I heard you wrong. You said Maria I guess. So stupid of me I heard my name." I laughed praying I heard wrong. Praying that it isn't me.34

He looked at me with a serious look. "No Miss Adams. You didn't hear anything wrong. It is you."26

"Are you crazy? I am not saying all these to him."+

"Yes you are."1

"No I am not." I said with a stern voice.+

I'll prefer dying before I do that.1

He then made a sad face and pouted. I eyed him suspiciously.4

"You said we were friends. You can't do that much for your friend." He said in a sad voice looking down still with that pout on his face.292

Jesus! He looks so cute. I can do anything for him.+

"Fine I'll do it. Just don't be sad." I said. A beautiful smile instantly crept on his face.+

Then he giggled. 1

Wait. Did he just play me?100

Yes he did. Stupid.4

I glared at him. He was still giggling. Then suddenly he came back to his reserved self.8

"Now these will lead to my final plan."+

"There are more?"1

"Of course. You don't expect Dad to fall for these common plans. Do you?"17

"Umm.. "+

"If you are thinking that he will then you are so wrong. Dad is too smart."30

"Okay... so what's the next one." +

"So the final plan, Plan no. 3: to hurt me."27

"WHAT? HELL NO!" I yelled.2

"Slow down Miss Adams and hear me out." Ryan said. God this little one is acting all intelligent.20

I nodded.+

"So I was saying if she hurts me then Dad can see that and he hates whoever hurts me so he will surely breakup with her."2

"But will she really hurt you?" I asked a little worried.+

"Of course not but we will create a scene in which it looks like she did that."3

I just stared at him for some time.+

Then chuckled. "How old are you exactly? You are too intelligent for a five year old."96

He just smiled.+

"I am really five Miss Adams."42

"Umm can you please stop with that Miss Adams thingy. I don't want to call you Mr. Parker. You are too young."5

"You can call me Ryan, Miss Adams."+

"But you can't call me Miss Adams. So just call me Bella."1

"Bella?" he said and I nodded. "No. You are older than me. Dad says to respect elder people."73

And the Daddy's boy is back.6

"Then what can you call me because Miss Adams is too formal." We both started thinking.+

"How about Bee?" I suggested.56

"Bee." He then looked up and thought for sometime. "I think I can go with that one." He said with a smile.54

"It's settled then we are going to show that BBB that she is actually a bi-." I stopped and mouthed a small 'sorry'.10

Stupid Bella.+

"Okay.. but what's BBB?" he asked in confusion.25

"Oh that's the name that I have chosen for Mia."+

"And what's that?" he asked curiously.+

"It's Bitchy Brainless Bimbo." I said with a smile.93

"Woah! That sounds so cool. I'll too call her that." He said, happiness written all over his face.82

My eyes widened. "NO! Are you crazy? Your Dad will kill me if he gets to know about it."+

"And who will tell him the full form. It's our secret." He said.56

"Promise?"+

"Promise Bee!" He exclaimed. 224

*********************Finally they are friends. 7

Hope you all liked the chapter.14

Don't forget to Vote and Comment.Stay safe!1

Love you all!❤️1

BELLA ADAMS9

Shit!6

Shit!+

Shit!2

I am going to be late and that devil is going to fire me.9

Oh Jesus! Please help me to reach on time.+

Come on Bella run!1

Run! +

Run!71

After spending 10 minutes in the cab shouting at the driver to drive fast I finally reached my destination. 2

Ha! I am on time. +

I entered the house to see Liam sitting on the couch doing something on his phone. He was not in his usual suit, he was in his sweats and t-shirt. 4

Jesus Christ! This man looks hot in everything. I was standing at the door checking him out. 15

"Miss Adams if you are done checking out you can come inside." He said then finally moving his attention to me.41

Caught!6

He was still staring at me with dark eyes. I went in and as I was about to go upstairs, Liam called "Miss Adams." I stopped and turned slowly.+

Liam got up from his seat and started making his way towards me. I stood still in my place.+

He is coming closer.+

My heart started beating rapidly. What is he going to do? Why is he coming closer?1

He then stood in front of me and said "Miss Adams I have told you before that I don't appreciate people being late for work."+

I nodded.+

"And you are late." +

That's because I was busy checking you out.32

"I-I am sorry Mr. Parker." I stuttered. +

This guy is making me hella nervous. I bit my lip looking down.3

"Stop doing that." I looked at him with confusing eyes.12

"Huh?"+

"Stop biting your lip." I gulped hard listening to him. He sounds so intimidating. He took some steps towards me. We both were still staring at each other. He removed some strands of my hair from my face and tucked it behind my ear. I closed my eyes. This feeling is so new and different. His touches were making me shiver. My body has never reacted like this to anyone's touch. His hands then reached my chin. He brought his face closer to mine. My eyes were still closed. He was about to kiss me when someone yelled my name "BEE!"255

My eyes shot open. Liam pulled away and cleared his throat moving away from me.+

Bad timing Ryan.21

I don't know why but I felt disappointed. 2

I looked behind Liam and saw a very happy Ryan coming down running with a huge smile.+

Finally, when he reached, he came to me and hugged me. "Bee!"120

I hugged him back and kneeled in front of him "Someone looks really happy."+

He giggled. "Dad has taken a day off from work. He is going to be with us."+

WHAT? HELL NO! I don't want him around me. Not after what just happened.31

I looked up at Liam to see him already staring at me.+

"It seems like you both are getting along really well." Liam said still not breaking the eyes contact with me.6

"Yes Dad. Bee and I are friends now." Ryan replied.+

"That's nice."+

Why is he looking at me? There are so many people around can't he stare at them.14

"LIAM!" an irritating yell came from behind me. I turned around to see none other than Mia. She came running and hugged Liam. I just stared at them. I was fuming with anger while she was hugging him so tightly. Then Liam pulled away.163

"Liam your assistant told me that you are on a day off. So I thought why not come and surprise you." She is really irritating.9

Liam was just staring at me with a smirk.61

"Miss White I am glad that you are here. We were going to watch a movie you can also join us." Ryan said.67

I looked at him in disbelief.+

Did he change sides?44

He then turned to me and said "Bee let's go to my room and get the pen drive." I eyed him suspiciously.+

This guy is definitely planning something.11

I nodded. He then held my hand and took me upstairs with him. When we reached his room. I stopped and asked him "What is going on in that mind of yours?"+

He smirked then said. "It's time for plan no. 1"21

"Now? Are you mad? Liam is home. No!"4

"Come on. Dad is home so this is why it's the best time to execute it."4

I shook my head saying 'no'.+

"Yes. Come on Bee it is the only chance we'll have. Hear me out please."+

I sighed.+

He continued "So while watching movie Maria will get us some drinks and 'accidentally' she will spill it on her. Well we have to do something in order for Maria to spill it we have to do something. See my legs are so short yours are longer. So you are going to make that happen then Miss White will definitely get angry and shout at Maria which for sure Dad is not gonna like because he hates if someone gets all aggressive in front of me, but this will be our first step on the mission 'Dad hating Miss White'. Plan one done. The room will be dark so Dad won't be able to see you."107

"But what if he sees."+

"He won't, trust me. Just you have to be a little careful."16

I nodded "Do you really think it'll work?" I asked unsure about the success of the plan.2

"Of course it will. But you have to do it carefully." 2

I nodded.------------------------------------------------------------Here we are watching the movie. Well my focus was on the plan not on the movie.6

I can't do this.+

Come on Bella you can do it. Do it at least for your new friend.+

Where have I stuck myself into. 1

Ryan was sitting on my lap and Liam beside me and beside him was Mia.4

I was thinking on giving up just then Maria entered with the drinks. Ryan looked at me and nodded. She served me and Ryan first. Then when she was about to go to Liam due to nervousness I did that what I was supposed to do a little later. And the whole drink fell on Liam.324

Fuck!+

What have I done?+

Ryan's eyes widened. Mine too. Maria was shaking with fear.3

Ryan then looked at me with a 'we are so doomed' expression.23

I gave him an expression 'I am sorry'.+

BELLA ADAMS114

"Are you serious Dad said that?" Ryan asked while eating the popcorn from the bowl that I was holding.7

I nodded eating the popcorn from the same bowl.+

"God it's so unbelievable."2

"I know." +

"But Bee, did you realize one thing?" he asked looking at me. I turned to him and gave him a confused look.3

"What?"+

"That you executed Plan 2 also. You said Dad that she said hurtful words to you."22

Oh yes! I didn't realize that.8

"So now we are left with just one I guess?" I asked him and he nodded.+

"But we are not going to go for it now. I think we should wait for some time."+

I nodded.+

"Bee." He called me. I looked at him. "We are friends right?" I nodded. "I don't know anything about you. Can you tell me something about you?" he asked. 16

I happily turned to him and said "Sure. So my name is Bella Adams-" he cuts me off.3

"Not this Bee. Like your likes and dislikes. Those things."16

"Will you shut up and listen to me?" he nodded like an obedient child.85

"I am 24. My favourite colour is Black-" he again cuts me off.22

"Mine too." 5

"Shush. Let me complete." 37

He nodded again.+

"I love dancing and listening music-"+

"I love watching movies." I glared at him. He then signalled me finger on his lips.15

"I love to eat chocolate cakes-"+

"Really, I love donuts." He again cuts me off. When he realized I was glaring at him dangerously, the broad smile disappeared from his face and he puts a finger on his lips.82

"I can make the world's best cupcakes-"+

"Really! But you never made them for me."13

"I will surely one day."1

"Okie." He said smiling.6

"And you know my Nanny makes the world's best cookies. Last time I offered you but you didn't take it."+

He frowned. Then asked "Nanny?"+

"Yep Nanny. I live with my Nanny and let me tell you she is amazing. She is everything for me. I love her so much-" he again cuts me off.+

"Then you don't love me?" I could see he was sad.87

"I didn't say that. I love you to.. umm... wait how much I love you.. umm.. yes I love you to infinity."77

He giggled and said "I love you too Bee." He hugged me tightly.244

I am glad that he is changing. Finally he is opening up to me. I wonder where is his mother and why did she leave such a sweetheart. He is so precious. He just needs someone to share his feelings with, to be his friend. 43

---------------------------------------------------------It has been a month now since I am working here. My bond with Ryan has become really strong. 7

Speaking of Liam, I don't know why but I feel a strange attraction towards him. Whenever he is around me I get nervous and my heartbeat increases. And whenever he is with that BBB I get jealous, my heart aches so fucking much. I want to kill that BBB.44

I was sitting on Ryan's bed with his head resting on my lap. He was playing some game in the mobile. I was just sitting and thinking about his life. Without friends, nowhere to go, only Dad, who is no fun at all. So boring.8

Sigh.5

Sigh.2

Sigh.10

"Bee." He called me. I hummed. "I forgot to tell you something." He said then got up.+

"What?" I asked.+

"Umm... Granny and Grandpa are coming today. They wanted to see me."2

"Oh! That sounds nice."+

"Ya it does. But I am still not happy." He said with a sad face.1

"And why is that?" I frowned.+

"Because that BBB will try to impress Granny and Grandpa with all her acts which I hate. I don't know why does Dad like her so much."40

"Oh." I said trying to not show my sadness. 1

I too wonder what Liam sees in her. She is clearly a bitch. But no. He can't see that, he is fucking blind and I hate him for this.3

You are acting as if he is your boyfriend.3

I wish he was.11

"I wish you were Dad's girlfriend." Ryan said and my eyes widened.302

What the hell is he thinking?4

Oh please. You were also thinking the same thing.25

"Well I am not his girlfriend so let's just drop this topic and go to your playroom." I said.64

He nodded happily.+

Yes this boy has a beautiful playroom. He spends most of his time in his playroom when I am not here. When I am here he talks to me, we play, we watch movies and one more thing, he loves to listen stories. So in the afternoon I tell him stories while he goes to sleep.+

After spending time in the playroom. We finally went back to the living room. I saw Liam sitting on the couch busy doing something in his phone while Mia on the other hand was holding his arm and saying something. When she saw me she smirked.7

What is this bitch planning now?+

Something Evil. Surely. +

She then pulled Liam's arm and turned him towards her, so now he was facing her. He looked confused with her sudden action. She then pulled him by his shirt and crashed her lips against him.142

What the hell! I swear I'll kill her.2

I can't see this. +

Bitch kissing Liam. 2

Noooo!+

My heart!!!6

I looked away and saw Ryan looking at them with wide eyes. I quickly covered his eyes with my hands. Applying all the force Ryan removed my hand from his eyes and eyed me suspiciously. I faked a smile to him. 28

"What is wrong with you?" I heard Liam's angry voice.50

I turned to see him standing and talking to Mia. Mia went close to him covering the space between them. Then she wrapped her hands around his neck and said "Baby, it's been so long since we last made love to each other. Tonight let me stay here." 196

"What the hell! She is not staying here." I heard Ryan mumbling to himself.57

Liam looked confused by all her actions. He then turned his head to his left just to see us. He stared at me for sometime, like he was trying to read my mind. I looked away. Liam instantly moved away from Mia. 3

BELLA ADAMS12

When I reached his room I saw Ryan laying on his stomach on the bed, hiding is face and crying. 7

I went to him and sat on the bed beside him. "Ryan." I called him softly.+

That was just enough for him, he got up and hugged me crying his heart out. I was stroking my hands over his head. "It's okay baby. It's okay."5

"D-Dad never scolded me before Bee." He said while crying.22

"It's okay. I am here. Dad just lost his temper he didn't mean to scold you."1

"N-No I know he loves her more than me that's why he scolded me."182

"No baby. Dad loves you the most. I know that." I then pulled away and wiped off his tears. Kissing his cheeks I said "You shouldn't have said that. It's wrong."3

"B-But why can't I s-say the truth about her."+

"You can say the truth baby, but this is not the way. You can talk to Dad about this calmly. And without calling her that b word."3

He nodded slowly.+

"Now stop crying. You are my brave baby right?"51

He nodded.+

"It's already late. I'll bring your dinner have it and just go to sleep. Okay?"2

He nodded again.+

I smiled and ruffled his hair "Good boy."7

As I was making my way out of his room I saw Leah standing at the door. She saw me and smiled "He really likes you. I am glad he has you now in his life." I smiled.51

"Can you please stay here for some time I'll just get his food." She nodded. "Thank you."+

After asking Maria to serve his food I went to Ryan's room. When I reached his room he was sitting on his Granny's lap with a sad face. I went in and sat beside Leah.+

"Here is your food baby." I said.+

He took the plate from my hand and started eating slowly.+

"Bella." Leah called I looked at her. "Ryan wants you to stay with him tonight."10

"What? But I can't do that." I said.+

"Come on Bella it's just one night. Ryan will be happy if you stay."+

I looked at Ryan. He was already looking at me with pleading eyes.39

I can't say no to him. He is already crying.+

"Okay. I will stay."5

Ryan gave me a small lazy smile.4

He is really hurt.7

After I made Ryan eat his dinner, Maria gave me my food and some clothes too, to wear for the night. After the dinner I called Nanny and told her that I would be staying here for tonight. Leah and Ryan's Grandpa went back. About Mia, well I don't know and I don't even care. I was now lying beside Ryan on the bed, telling him a story whilr tracing my fingers through his hair, so that he could sleep. But tears were continuously falling down from his eyes. Finally when he was asleep I kissed his forehead once and drifted off to sleep.72

My eyes opened in the middle of the night. I looked at the clock it was 2am. I was really thirsty. I looked at the bedside table saw the jug empty. I got up from the bed and went downstairs. 74

When I reached the kitchen I stopped. I saw Liam sitting on the stool in the kitchen and sipping something from his glass. I looked carefully at the drink to see, it was alcohol. He looked sad. Anyways why would I care I just want water I'll just take it and go back to the room. I went in and took the bottle from the refrigerator pouring it in the jug I was going back when I stopped hearing his voice.1

"Thank you."7

Is he talking to me?+

I turned around to see him in the same position sipping his drink.+

I think I heard something wrong, I turned again and was about to leave when he said again "I said thank you."32

Oh so he is talking to me.1

I went to him and stood beside him. "For what?"2

"For taking care of Ryan."1

"Oh. No problem. Anyway it's my job."+

"But staying here wasn't a part of your job. Thanks for staying here and being with him."+

I nodded. "So you are drinking because you are sad?"+

"I shouldn't have scolded him like that." He said ignoring my comment.21

I took a seat beside him and poured water in the glass nearby. "Ya. You shouldn't have."+

"I know. I just lost my temper."+

"It's good to teach him manners but being rude to him is not the way to do that."378

He just nodded.+

I have such a great job of making realise both father and son of their mistakes.12

"So you are going to apologize to him?"+

He nodded taking a sip of his drink.4

I took a sip of the water in my glass "What are you going to do?"+

"What?"+

"Like what are you going to surprise him with?" I asked all excited to know about his plans.+

"What does that mean? I'll just say sorry. That's it." My all excitement vanished listening to him.50

Is he being serious right now? Just that? My poor baby was crying so much and he is just going to say a 'sorry' for yelling at him and scaring the shit out of him.6

"You are not serious. He was crying so much and you are going to say just a 'sorry' to him."34

"Then what do you expect me to do?"+

Ugh! This man.+

"Give him a surprise. Like do something for him, make him happy. Make your sorry a little meaningful. Do something that he couldn't say 'no' to your sorry."1

"And what is that?"+

"Excuse me? You are really asking me that? If I tell everything to you then what are you going to do. Think something on your own."+

I said then a thought struck my mind. "Wait. You scolded Ryan and I am here giving ideas to you. I am also angry because you scolded my little baby. Now you have to apologize to two people." I said in an angry tone.179

He looked at me with furrowed eyebrows. Before he could say, anything I got down from the stool. "Bye Mr. Parker." I said glaring at him then went back upstairs.2

Stupid Bella. He scolded your baby and you were talking to him nicely.33

I slapped the back of my head.27

Reaching Ryan's room, I got on the bed. Pulling Ryan close to me I drifted off to sleep.-----------------------------------------------------------The next day I woke up by a knock on the door. I managed to open my eyes and saw beside me Ryan was still sleeping. I looked at the door Maria was standing. 7

She said "Good Morning Bella."+

"Morning." I said in a sleepy voice, rubbing my eyes.+

She smiled and said "Both of you get up fast and come down. The breakfast is ready."+

LIAM PARKER190

What is wrong with me?53

I was lying on my bed in my room trying to figure out what the hell is wrong with me.5

This girl is really making me lose control over myself. When she is around my heartbeat increases I lose all my control. That day too, when I was on my phone and she came. When I saw her biting her lip, I really wanted to kiss those lips. Why is it just her who is making me feel like this? No girl has ever affected me in this way. 123

I don't know what problem does Mia have with her but whenever she sees her she tries to seduce me which I really don't like. And when she does that in front of her it really annoys me. This was one of the reasons why I lost my temper last night and got all my anger out on Ryan. But I wonder one thing, why was her eyes teary when Mia kissed me. Did she not like that? Does she feel something for me?152

Jesus! Liam Parker get a grip on yourself and just forget her.6

She is just Ryan's babysitter.29

Just a babysitter.2

So just stop!+

But still why did she get affected when Mia k-46

Stop!+

Fuck you Liam Parker.89

You don't care.5

Shut up and sleep.4

Then I heard my door open, I looked to see Ryan standing at the door with a teddy bear in his hand.8

"Dad I can't sleep." He said.+

"And why is that?" I asked.1

"Bee is not here."118

"She was here just for one day and you are telling me that in just one day you got so attached to her that you are not able to sleep alone now."76

He stood there looking down.+

"Come inside." I said.10

He closed the door and ran inside getting up on the bed. I pulled him closer to me. It has been a month since she started working and Ryan has got so attached to her that every time, I return home from office he tells me about her and the things both of them had done all day. Because of him I got to know many things about her. Like she lives with her Nanny, then she likes listening music and also love to eat chocolate cakes and much more.58

Ryan said "Dad do you know Bee loved the food you made."2

This is what I was talking about. These days he only talks about her.9

"Really, she did?"+

He nodded with a wide smile.+

One thing I have noticed whenever he talks about her there is always a wide smile on his face. A smile that none of his previous babysitter could bring in his face. And this smile is all I want to see, his happiness is what matters to me.30

"But you know last night when you scolded me, she was more angry at you than I was."3

I smiled listening to him. +

Indeed, she was angry.1

"Okay that's enough with the Bee topic now go to sleep." I said. 3

He nodded and closed his eyes.+

After sometime he mumbled with closed eyes thinking I was already asleep "I wish you marry Bee instead of that BBB."385

Why is this boy creating more problems? I am already confused.64

And what the hell is BBB? This much I can make out that he is talking about Mia, but what is BBB.------------------------------------------------------------The next morning, I left a little early because I had a meeting to attend. Ryan was up waiting for his Bee. I wonder why does he calls her Bee.51

Don't you think Liam Parker that these days you are wondering a lot, my conscience mocked at me.2

Stop and focus on your God damn work.+

After working for almost 5 hours continuously I called my assistant. She came in.+

"Yes Mr. Parker." She said.+

I leaned back on my chair then said "Chloe, I want you to fix a meeting with the Chinese clients tomorrow and make sure you have everything prepared."35

She nodded "Okay Mr. Parker."1

"And the file I told you to summarise, did you do it?"+

"Yes I did. I'll just bring that."+

"Okay. One more thing-" I stopped when my phone started ringing.+

I looked at the caller id. +

Mom?+

Why is she calling?+

I signalled Chloe with my hand to leave.+

She nodded and left. I picked up the call.+

"Mom." I said.+

"Liam, how are you?" Mom's excited voice came from the other side.+

Something is definitely wrong.3

"Mom, we just met last night. Can you please come to the main topic?"+

"Oh! Looks like you are smarter than me."7

I rolled my eyes. "Mom what is it?"+

"Liam actually we wanted to talk to you about something. It's really important."+

"Okay. Tell me then."+

"Not like this. Visit us tonight Liam. Alone."5

Strange. It looks really serious.26

"Okay Mom."+

"Bye. Take care Liam."+

"You too." I hung up.+

After finishing my work. I looked at the time it was already 8 pm. I took my coat that was on the chair and left. When I reached, I was welcomed by smiling faces of Mom and Dad. I went in.+

"Liam, you are here. We really had something important to talk about." Dad said.1

I nodded.+

We sat on the dinner table, the food was served by the maids. Then I looked at Mom and Dad.+

"So what is it?"+

Umm..." Mom started then laughed nervously. I furrowed my brows.+

"Mom."+

"So we were saying that it's enough Liam, you should get married." Dad said.22

I rolled my eyes. +

Not again.+

"We are not discussing about it again. I have already said that I am not marrying anyone." I said.2

"Liam, you can't always think about yourself. Think about Ryan. Liam, he needs a mother." Mom said.10

"No, he doesn't. I am here for him, whatever he needs I am here to give him."3

"Liam you can't always fulfil a duty of a mother." Mom said again this time in an angry tone.12

BELLA ADAMS92

"Nanny fast I am getting late." I shouted from the door.3

Nanny was in the kitchen packing cookies for Ryan. The day I told her that I didn't had any cookies left to give to Ryan, she started scolding me as if I ate all the cookies intentionally.8

"Nanny." I shouted again.1

"Coming." She came running and gave me the box. "Here take this and give it to him."+

I nodded and was going out when she held my arm pulling me back, she glared at me and said "Don't you dare eat a single one. It's for him."20

I rolled my eyes. "Nanny, it's the 10th time you are telling me that. I am not that evil to eat my poor baby's cookies." I said then kissed her cheeks. Releasing myself from her grip I said "However I'll have one or two or maybe more. Bye!"10

"Bella." She shouted angrily.7

"Bye." I shouted back laughing then I took a cab.+

When I reached the mansion, I was making my way to Ryan's room when Maria came.+

"Good Morning Maria." I said happily.+

"Good Morning Bella." She replied. "Bella, sir wants to see you in his office."+

"Mr. Parker?" I asked.+

She nodded.+

"Why does he want to see me?"+

"I don't know Bella. But he said that whenever you come I send you to his office first."14

I nodded and started making my way towards his office.+

Did I do something wrong?+

Is he going to fire me?+

Did that BBB complain about me?7

What is it? I can't think of anything.+

What have I done?+

You'll know that soon baby.1

I am scared af.+

Oh you should be. Wait. Some quick suggestions.6

What?+

No extra talking.+

No eye-fucking him.82

No spacing out.2

Ya. I think you are right. Thanks.+

I knocked his office door, when I heard his voice saying 'come in' I entered.+


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                            16

There he was sitting on his chair behind the table working on his laptop. When I entered the room he looked up from his laptop.+

Wait. He is wearing glasses?91

AAH! He looks so fucking hot with those glasses. He is going to make me crazy with those killer looks. This man looks hot in everything. He was not dressed in his usual suit, he was wearing his black sweats and a grey t-shirt. This look makes him even more hot and sexy. Those ha-26

Didn't I tell you no eye-fucking.4

Umm.. yep! Sorry I got carried away by his looks.1

Okay no repeating your mistakes. Be serious.+

Mhmm.+

"Y-you called me Mr. Parker." What the hell is with this stuttering?7

I think it's his hotness.8

Serious.+

Oh yes.+

"Please take a seat Miss Adams." He said indicating at the sofa.+

I nodded and sat on the sofa. He got up from his chair and made his way towards the me.2

He took a seat on the other sofa beside me.+

"Miss Adams, I have something for you."3

"W-what?"+

Picking up a file from the table, he said "Take a look at this file."2

I took the file from him. Before opening it, I took a deep breath and said "Mr. Parker I-I don't know if I have done something wrong or not. Has Mia told you anything about me? Mr. Parker trust me she is lying. I have not met her since that night, I mean the Ryan scolding night . I have done nothing. But I am still saying sorry please don't fire me Mr. Parker. I am sorry."14

So you didn't listen to my two suggestions at least listen to the last one.1

Did I say a lot?+

"You done?" he asked.10

"Huh?"+

"If you are done with all your nonsense talks then please read that file."3

I nodded and opened the file.+

While going through the file my eyes widened.+

Wait. What?+

My eyes widened looking at the amount "10 million dollars?"+

I looked up at him. "What is this? Why do I have to pay someone fucking 10 million dollars?"70

"Language." He said then leaned back in his seat and crossed his leg resting his hand on either side of the sofa.59

"It seems quite clear Miss Adams. Your Nanny's son whose name is Seth I guess, he drowned himself so much in gambling that now that old orphanage is not enough to fulfil his debts. He ran away two days ago and after that nobody has seen him. According to my research, the people to whom he lost are trying to find him, but they couldn't. So today they are planning to go to your house and ask back their money. In fact," he then looked at his watch and said "I think they are already there."81

I was shocked with what he just said.+

Is he kidding right now?+

But why would The Liam Parker waste his time on me?4

And How did he got to know about so many things?1

But that's not important right now what's important is if he is telling the truth then Nanny is alone in the house. What if those guys harm her?1

No, I can't let that happen.+

"I-I have to go." With that I got up from my seat and was about to leave.+

BELLA ADAMS29

I was sitting in Ryan's room and was lost in my deep thoughts. Ryan was not in the room as his tutor was here so he was studying.4

There is just one thing that is making me worried now and that's Nanny. How am I going to explain everything to her? I can't lie to her because she always figures out all my lies. I have to tell her and I know that she would blame herself for everything.2

Then the door of Ryan's room opened. I looked up to see Liam standing at the door.+

"Liam, what are you doing here?" I asked. 2

He came inside and sat on the bed beside me.+

"Tomorrow, you have to pick out your dress and the ring too. I have made all the arrangements."+

I nodded.+

"Have you told Mia about this?" I asked him.+

He didn't answer for a few minutes, then finally spoke "I don't care about Mia. The one who matters to me the most is Ryan. I can do anything for him."2

"I understand that but you have to tell Mia."3

"I will. Maybe tomorrow."3

I nodded. "And Ryan?"+

"That's why I am here. To tell Ryan."+

"Oh. He must be here soon."+

"You are just asking me. What about you? How will you tell your Nanny?"+

"Umm.. I really don't know. If I tell her she'll surely blame herself for everything and I don't want that. I have to figure something out."5

"It's- " he was cut off by another voice.+

"Dad? Bee?" it was Ryan. He was standing at the door.+

"Ryan, come inside. We have something to tell you." Ryan nodded obediently and came inside. He sat on the bed, Liam kneeled in front of him and held his hands in his.4

"What is it Dad?"+

"Ryan, do you like Bella?" Ryan once looked at me and smiled then nodded.+

"I love Bee."44

"So the thing is Ryan, I and Bella, we are umm... we are getting married." Liam finally said.8

At first Ryan was shocked. Then he got back to his reserved self and said "Dad I don't like this joke. Please don't give me hopes."157

Me and Liam we both smiled.+

"I am dead serious. I am marrying Bella. But if you don't want the marriage then it's okay." Liam said teasing Ryan.+

Ryan turned to look at me. "Bee, Dad is telling the truth? You both are getting married?"+

I nodded. "Yes baby. We are getting married."1

Ryan then hugged Liam, kissed his cheek. "I love you so much Dad. Yes! Bee is going to be with us forever." He then again looked at me and asked "Can I call you Mommy?" 324

My heart melted hearing that, I smiled at him and nodded. I kissed his forehead.+

"I love you Mommy."155

"I love you to infinity baby." 21

"Okay that's enough. It's time for Bella to leave." Liam said.53

Ryan pouted. "But now she can stay with us."+

"Yes, she can but after the marriage."+

"Then Dad marry her quickly."83

I laughed at his words.+

"Okay you go and play in your playroom and I'll just drop Bella home."5

Ryan nodded. Then he kissed my cheek and said "Bye Mommy." With that he ran away.10

I stood up taking my bag I said "You don't have to drop me. I can manage."+

"I know you can but I have something to talk to your Nanny."+

"Nanny? What?"10

"You'll get to know." He then went to the door and waited for me, well me, I was again lost in my thoughts "Shall we?"3

I nodded and quickly followed him.+

When we reached my apartment. I was nervous af. I made no attempts to move. He then got out from his seat and opened the door for me. 5

"Bella, come out."1

I shook my head 'no'.+

"Bella, you have to tell it to her."+

I shook my head again.+

"If on the count of three you didn't get out, I swear Bella I'll pick you up and carry you to your house?"23

Ha! He is trying to scare me. Well I am not scared.+

I think you should do what he is saying. He seems pretty serious.9

You are so dumb Consy. He is trying to fool us can't you see.15

"1."+

I looked away and kept seated on my seat.+

"2. Bella I am not joking."+

And I believe you.+

Note the sarcasm.+

"3. That's it."+

Boom!+

He then unbuckled my seat belt and picked me up in his arms.12

"W-What are you doing?"+

"Didn't I already warn you about this? You chose this, so now deal with it."+

"I thought you were not serious. Please put me down."+

"Which floor?" he asked in a stern voice.1

"Umm.. 2nd."6

He started walking with me in his arms. I looked at his face. His jawline is so perfect. Automatically I wrapped my hands around his neck.6

I wonder what will that BBB do when she gets to know about our marriage. Anyone would want a man like him. A smile plastered on my face.24

"Stop smiling like a fool." He said without even looking at me. "This one?" he asked, then I looked in front. Yes, that's it now I have to do this.5

Come on Bels, you can do it.+

Ya, I can.+

I nodded. He put me down then rang the doorbell.+

Oh I change my mind.1

I can't do this.+

With that fear, I held Liam's arm and hid behind him.6

"Bella, what are you doing?"+

"I can't do this. Please take me back. I can't see her crying face."+

"Bella stop being ridiculous, you have to tell her."+

"No I-" I was cut off when Nanny opened the door. My hold on Liam's arm became tight. +

"Yes?" Nanny asked.+

BELLA ADAMS7

I feel so sleepy.+

What the hell is wrong with you? You slept 6 hours last night. Still you are sleepy.57

"Ma'am we are here." The cab driver said.+

"Oh yes. Thank you." Paying him I got out of the cab. I was still sleepy. I yawned then made my way inside. When I entered the house, I was shocked. Liam's Mom-Dad were there and some people and there were just too many clothes. I went in. +

"Bella, you are here. We were waiting for you. Come fast." Leah said.+

She then came to me and dragged me with her to a person. +

"Bella, this is Ian, he will be helping you with everything you'll be needing for the wedding."26

"Ian Davis." He extended his hand.34

"Bella Adams." I shook his hand.3

"So, shall we begin?"+

I nodded "Sure."3

"So, Bella. Liam told me to first choose a dress for you then the ring. Whatever you like. And one more thing." I looked at him. "Don't worry about the money."+

I nodded.+

"Mommy." I looked up to see Ryan coming down. He came to me and hugged me. "You are selecting your dresses?" he asked me. I nodded.41

"Do you want to help me?" I asked him.+

"Really, I can?"+

"Of course, you can."+

"Okay... then Mr. Davis show me the prettiest dress you have. I want my Mommy to look like a princess."223

We all laughed at his words. +

We were selecting the dresses, Ryan looked at so many dresses but rejected all of them. I saw Liam entering the house. He saw me and came towards me. +

"Liam, you here. I was just showing Bella the dresses." Ian said.+

Liam nodded then turned to me "What happened yesterday after I left?"+

"Nothing much. She agreed."+

"Did she?"+

"Ya. You don't have to worry about it."+

"Bella I-" he was about to say something but was cut off by a scream.25

"WHAT THE FUCK IS ALL THIS?" 148

Mia. Shit!!84

I looked at Liam. His jaw clenched. He then turned back to see Mia.+

"Mia, listen to me-" Leah tried to say but Mia cut her off.+

"What will I listen? You didn't inform me about anything."+

Liam then turned to Ryan and said "Ryan go to your room we'll call you later." Ryan nodded and ran to his room. Liam then went to Mia and stood in front of her.+

"Mia, I don't want to do this here. Let's talk somewhere else."+

"No. Why can't you talk here? Tell me what the hell is all this?"+

"Liam is getting married. To Bella." Liam's father said.70

"To Bella?" Mia looked at Liam in disbelief. She then marched towards me and held my arm tightly. "You slut. How dare you? He is mine and you are just another gold-digger who just wants his money."146

"Mia, just stop it. We can talk somewhere else."6

But Mia ignored him and continued saying what she was saying me "I never thought that you have such seducing skills that he would leave me for you."3

"And I never thought that you would be cheating on me." Liam said coldly.279

Mia's grip on my arm loosened, her eyes widened she turned around leaving my arm "W-What?"2

Liam continued "I wanted to tell you everything yesterday but you were busy fucking someone else."113

Mia ran to Liam and held his arm "W-What are you talking about?"8

"If she is a slut and a gold-digger then what are you? I don't think even those words are enough to describe you. I found out many things about you after last night that I am sure you wouldn't want me to say in front of everyone."74

"L-Liam it's not what you think."7

"Really? Then what is it? If you are going to tell me he forced you and shit like that then my apologies I can't believe you."3

"L-Liam I-I-"5

"Leave. Don't make me insult you."11

"Bu-"+

"He asked you to leave Mia. We all know how are you, you can never be Ryan's mother." Leah said.7

Mia looked at Liam one last time then said "You are going to regret this. I will ruin your married life."31

Liam just looked at her with no emotion on his face, like he didn't get affected by whatever she said. "I'll be waiting."37

Without even a single word Mia looked at me with all the world's hatred in her eyes and left.2

"Finally, you saw her real face." Leah said.+

Liam then turned to Maria and said "Go and call Ryan." He then came towards me and said "Did Ryan choose anything yet?"+

I shook my head looking away from him.+

"You don't have to worry Bella. Nothing will happen."26

I nodded with a smile.-----------------------------------------------------------"Huh! I am so tired." Ryan said. We both were lying on his bed dead tired.7

"Ya, I know."2

"So, you liked the dress that I chose?"+

"Mhmm. It was beautiful."+

He then sat up on the bed "By the way, what did Dad say to that BBB?"+

"Umm... nothing much and you are too young to know that. But you should've seen her face, I wanted to laugh so hard."3

"Really?"+

I too sat up on the bed and continued "Yes. It was like she was about to cry."+

"I wanted to see that." Ryan said with pouty lips.3

"It's okay. But you know she still gave me a dangerous look. I was so scared."+

"Don't worry Mommy, I will protect you from her."163

"Of course. After all you are my little fighter."+

He giggled.+

"But you know your Dad." I started.6

Ryan's eyes widened listening about his Dad "Dad?"19

"Yes, your Dad. I don't know what did he see in her."4

"Mommy let's talk about it later." Ryan said laughing nervously.239

"No. Listen to me. He dated her for sooo long still he didn't get to know the real side of her."+

"But Mommy-"66

"Shush. Let me complete. You know that BBB called me with so many bad names. Okay fine he saved me but the point is how can everyone see the bad side of her and not him."2

BELLA ADAMS1

Don't worry Bella, just chill.7

Take it easy.6

Don't be nervous.1

You are fine.+

You are absolutely fine.+

HELL NO! I am not at all fine.1

I am hella nervous right now.1

It's my wedding how can you expect me to be fine.+

Mad Consy.12

I was just trying to ease you but you have to worry yourself more. Go on do that.+

"Bella, you okay." Nanny asked.+

I nodded. +

She came to and kissed my forehead "You look beautiful Bella."7


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                            341

I just nodded.+

"Bella, I know that you are nervous but baby if you keep on biting your lip like that then all your lipstick will wipe away. This is the fourth time I am applying it."17

"S-Sorry."+

She applied the lipstick again and said "Let's go. It's time."+

I smiled. Of course, a nervous one.+

I mean it's my wedding, you guys don't expect me to be jumping around dancing all happily in my wedding.+

But you still shouldn't be this nervous.1

Excuse me Miss Consy, this is my first time getting married. 55

UGH!!+

"Bella, what are you thinking? Let's go."+

"Y-Ya."+

Nanny took me outside. As soon as I went out, I stood still andI looked around.2

Fuck! Why are there so many people around? And why is everyone looking at me. They can look at Liam, why me? That reminds me, how is Liam looking today? 1

Then I managed to look up. My breath hitched looking at his sight in front of me. He was wearing a black tuxedo. All the buttons of his black shirt were done. His hair was a little messy but perfectly set. He was looking breathtakingly handsome. 13

Damn! +


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                            441

And here I thought you were nervous?+

I am nervous.+

Oh really! What a joke? 1

Get lost.+

Liam looked at me, his eyes scanned my body from top to bottom, which made me feel more conscious about myself. Liam's eyes met mine, I again bit my lip in nervousness. He instantly looked away.27

Am I looking that bad?25

But Nanny said I look beautiful.1

Maybe he doesn't like it.4

Leah then came forward and hugged me "Oh dear, you look beautiful."3

I smiled. +

Looking down, I walked down the aisle. Liam gave me his hand, I looked up, my gaze met with the pair of sea-coloured eyes. I gave him my hand, he pulled me up. I stood in front of him.1

"Mommy!" Ryan shouted. I look at his direction to see him waving at me, wearing a suit.10

I smiled at him once then looked back at Liam.+

The priest started with the vows.+

Will he not say that I look beautiful? Or anything like that.4

I mean husbands usually do that. Complimenting their wives.8

Did you really expect an arrogant jerk like him will compliment you?4

Not really but he could've. At least a beautiful or even nice.3

I see you have a lot of expectation from him. +

I think I should stop expecting so much from him.58

Oh, I see you have a brain too.14

Shut up and let me focus.+

The priest then suddenly said "Do you Liam Parker take Bella Adams as your lawful wife."13

Oh yes! We are finally there.+

"I do." Liam said.+

Oh Jesus! He said 'I do'.+

Of course, he will say 'I do' after all he forced you to marry him.1

Oh yes! How can I forget that? Jerk.+

"Do you Bella Adams take Liam Parker as your lawful husband." The priest asked me.7

"I do."9

"I now pronounce you as husband and wife. May God bless you."+

"You may now kiss the bride."4

HOLLY MOLLY! I am the bride. He is going to kiss me!85

My first kiss. I am going to lose my first kiss to him. Well I don't mind losing my first kiss to a sexy, hot, handsome man.58

You are so fucking desperate.15

Shut up.+

Liam took few steps towards me, and pulled me by my waist. I gulped hard by the close proximity between us. Again, I bit my lip.8

I wonder if there is any lipstick left on your lips.2

Within seconds Liam's lips met mine. Instantly I closed my eyes. And within seconds too he pulled away.49

Why did he had to pull away so quickly? I didn't even get to enjoy my first kiss.84

Told ya he is a jerk.18

Yes, he is. I glared at him. Of course, when he was not looking at me.1

So now I am Mrs. Bella Parker and I am now officially Ryan's mommy.17

After the vows, Liam went to talk to some of his guests while I was standing with the other family members.+

"So now you are my daughter-in-law." Leah said. "And one more thing, I won't tolerate my daughter-in-law calling me by my name." she said trying to pretend strict.+

"Ya, me too, I won't stand my daughter-in-law calling me Mr. Parker." Mr. Parker, Liam's Dad said doing the same. 17

I chuckled looking at both of them.+

"You can call us Mom and Dad." Leah oops, Mom said.40

I nodded with a smile.+

They are so nice. Sometimes I really doubt if Liam is their son or not.He is a total jerk.14

Mom came towards me and held my hands. "Bella, I know that Liam married you just because of Ryan. Bella, I trust you. I really trust you and that is the reason I gave you the two precious people of my life. I know you love Ryan and will take care of him but Bella, this is not only about Ryan it's about Liam too. He has never experienced true love in his life, please love him. Give him the love that is missing in his life. Please Bella."101

I could see tears in her eyes. I smiled and nodded. "I will."9

"Mommy!" I turned around and saw Ryan coming towards me, running. When he finally reached to me. He started breathing heavily.+

"Slow down baby. Why were you running?"+

"Mommy, I found something." He said in excitement still breathing heavily.+

"What?" I asked him.+

"Come with me." He then dragged me with him and then said "Wait here."2

I nodded.+

After sometime he came back with a plate full of chocolate cake in his hand.2

"Mommy see, your favourite." 87

"Chocolate cake!" I said in excitement.2

He nodded with a smile and gave me the plate.1

I started eating the cake happily. When I was done with my cake, I kept the plate on the table and said "Thank you so much baby."1

He giggled and said "Mommy, you eat just like a baby."2

"Huh?" he shook his head and took a tissue paper from the table and gave it to me. 2

"The cake is all over your mouth."27

I cleaned my face with the tissue paper. "Thank you."+

"Now I am going to have some chickens, bye."61

I chuckled and said "Bye."+

I was about to go back to Mom when my eyes fell on Nanny who was looking worried. I was making my way towards her when she started walking towards Liam. She called Liam, who was busy talking with some people. Liam then excused himself from them and went to Nanny. I went a little close to them so that I can hear their conversation.+

Bad manners Bels.3

Shut up. I want to hear it.4

Nanny said "Liam, I have never lived without her since she was two. Liam it's my request to you please take care of her. I am giving my life to you. I know she makes a lot of mistakes. But what do you expect from a 24 year old girl? Please treat her well and please don't be rude to her. She is very soft-hearted, maybe she can't take that."28

Liam was listening to her carefully then he said after few minutes "You don't have to worry about Bella, Mrs. Adams. I will take care of her."40

"Promise me you'll never hurt her."+

"I won't." Liam said without any hesitation.45

At that moment my heart melted.8

I think I can make this stubborn, arrogant ass fall for me. 54

At least there is some chance. Maybe 50%. 15

And I am so ready to take that chance.2

************************Finally!!!They are married now 🥺❤️18

Hope you guys liked the chapter.8

Don't forget to Vote and Comment.Stay safe!+

Love you all!❤️1

BELLA PARKER49

"Dad, thank you so much." Ryan said hugging Liam.1

We were in the car returning back home. Me, Ryan and Liam we were sitting at the backseat of the car. Ryan was just jumping in excitement telling us everything he did today.1

"Thank you for what?" Liam asked.1

"For marrying Mommy first and second for keeping chocolate cake at the party, there are more reasons but I can't remember them now." Ryan said pouting.10

I giggled. Liam kissed Ryan's forehead.+

"You know Dad, Mommy had two chocolate cake pieces tonight." Then Ryan paused for sometime and giggled "And Dad, you know Mommy eats just like a baby."55

My eyes widened. Liam looked at me with a smirk.11

"No, I don't."2

"Yes Mommy. You don't remember? While eating the chocolate cake it was all over your mouth and I had to give you a napkin to clean up your face."37

"N-No, nothing like that happened." I glared at Ryan. He understood what I was trying to say and instantly shut his mouth.2

Liam was still staring at me, when my gaze met his, he just chuckled and said before turning to look forward. "She is a baby." 126

I frowned. 7

Huh? Me? Baby?30

Finally, when we reached home, Liam went with Ryan to his room, to get him changed and to make him sleep. I was dead tired to go to Ryan. Liam understood that and took Ryan with him to his room. 3

I made my way to Liam's room. When I reached his room, I was shocked. To say his room was awesome will be an understatement. His room was beautiful more than beautiful. No doubt that billionaires have a very good taste. I took a look of the whole room.23


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                            90

Well from now this room will not only be his, but mine too.81

"Aah! This feels so good."2

I was about to enter the washroom but stopped.1

"My dresses. Shit!" 1

I ran to his walk-in closet. I saw his clothes on one side and on the other side were some girly clothes. I think these are for me. I sighed in relief. I took a good look at all the dresses.2

"Wait. These are not mine."7

I took out one nighty from the closet. "I am surely not wearing this. Where are my cute pyjamas? I want them. I miss them so much."9

Well I think I should wear at least one of these. I can't stay in this heavy dress for the whole night.2

This dress is killing me.2

I took out one of the nighty that was a little sober from the others and went to the washroom.7

After changing my clothes when I came out of the washroom, I saw Liam sitting on the couch doing something in his phone. He was already in his sweats and a t-shirt.2

When did he change?3

He raised his gaze up to look at me, he scanned me from top to bottom and instantly his eyebrows furrowed. +


      
  
    
        
    
    
      
        
        
      
    
   
  225

I held the shrug more tightly covering my body.11

Oh shit! Is he thinking that I am trying to seduce him?5

My eyes widened "No. No. No. Please don't think something wrong. I am not trying to seduce you. Actually, the dresses that are on the closet are not mine. And I don't wear nighties at night especially not these. I usually wear pyjamas at night and that too my cute ones. But the main point now is seducing. If you are thinking that I am trying to seduce you, then you are wrong because I am not trying to do that. I didn't have any choice, I had to wear this." I said all in just one breath.130

He kept staring at me for sometime then got up from the couch and started coming towards me. I was moving back.1

"W-What are you d-doing?" 18

I stopped when my back hit the wall. He too stopped when he reached extremely close to me. He stood in front of me and said in the most intimidating voice "Are you nervous?"95

I bit my lip and shook my head.4

He smirked "Lying is not good Bella."5

"I-I am not l-lying."+

"Bella, these few days I have observed one thing about you. Wanna know what?" He said caressing my one cheek. My eyes automatically closed.7

I nodded slowly.1

He brought his face close to me and whispered in my ears "That whenever you are nervous you bite your lip."65

Shit!1

"So are you nervous Bella?"2

I still shook my head.2

His fingers slowly travelled down to my shoulders then my collarbone. My body was shivering at this new feeling, by his touches. The feeling I have never felt before, this strange feeling. His fingers then traced my arms, I bit my lips again.26

"Am I making you nervous?"7

Lost in his touches, I didn't realize when I said "Yes."69

His hand stopped. I opened my eyes realizing what I just said.+

He smirked again.1

"I like the effect I have on you. Stop biting your lip or you'll start bleeding."5

"C-Can you move b-back please?"2

"Why?"42

What does he mean why?+

He finally moved away from me and went back to sit on the couch.2

"Bella, I have some rules that you must follow. I repeat you 'must follow' whether you like them or not."27

BELLA PARKER50

"Bella."+

"Bella. Wake up."3

"Bella, it's late already just. Get up."+

"Mmm.. let me sleep." I said with my eyes still closed. Then I rolled on the bed and fell with a loud thud.3

Wait. Bed?6

Of course, I was sleeping on the couch last night.3

And I was so busy with my dream that I didn't even remember that.2

I removed the blanket from my head and looked up to see Liam standing in front of me with hands in his sweat pockets looking down at me with no emotion.3

I glared at him.1

"You are such an asshole. You could've saved me." I yelled at him.1

"Language Bella."54

I rolled my eyes. 2

"Get up and go clean up fast. It's 10 already."2

"Mhmm." I said closing my eyes still lost in my beauty sleep. 1

"Bella."1

"Hmm." I hummed with eyes closed.1

"Do you want me to pour cold water on you? I wouldn't mind." Liam said and my eyes shot open.11

I can't trust this man. He is dangerous, he can do anything.6

Run Bella, run to the washroom.10

I got up and ran to the washroom.2

After taking my bath, brushing my teeth I went to the closet. I found some pyjamas.6

A smile crept on my face. 1

"So Mr. Devil Parker did his work. Good."3

I took out one and looked at it "This is so cute."2

After getting dressed, into something nice I went downstairs, I saw Liam sitting on a chair doing something in his phone, Ryan was sitting in front of Liam face palming himself, lost in his thoughts. Maria making breakfast in the kitchen.3

Their life is so boring.3

I went to them "Hello beautiful people, the princess is here." I said with a smile.42

Listening to my voice Ryan's face lit up. "Mommy!"2

"Yes baby." I went to him and sat beside him. "Slept well?" I asked him.1

He nodded. "Did you sleep well?"4

My eyes went to Liam who was already looking at me with a smirk, I wish I could punch that face.14

"Did you sleep well Bella?" Liam asked still with that evil smirk and raised brows.3

So, now he is teasing me. 1

I smiled at Ryan "Of course, I slept well."21

Maria then came towards us and served the breakfast. She said "Congratulations Bella, on your marriage."1

"Thank you so much." She smiled and went back to her work.1

"Mommy, what are we going to do after the breakfast?" Ryan asked.1

"Umm-" before I could complete my sentence, Liam said "Bella can do whatever she wants, you need to study. Mr. Jones will be here to teach you, so you need to complete all your previous incomplete work."43

Ryan pouted listening to Liam. "But Dad, I can get a day off."+

"No, you can't."5

Rude.4

"Umm.. Liam, you don't have work today?" I asked him.1

"No, it's my day off."1

"Then what's the problem if Ryan takes a day off? I mean it's a saying, children follow their Dad so..."7

Ryan giggled, Liam glared at me. I gave him a sweet smile.1

"Well I will be doing my work in my office, so he will  also be attending his classes." Liam said still glaring at me.2

"And what would I do?"1

He shrugged and replied "Maybe wander around the house. It's pretty much big." 9

I looked away.3

Asshole.----------------------------------------------------------So, here I am, like he said wandering around the whole house. I took a tour of the whole house, and now my legs hurt. It's almost evening. I decided to sit on the couch and enjoy the view at the rooftop. This place is so soothing.7


      
  
    
        
    
    
      
        
        
      
    
   
  33

Then suddenly my phone rang. I looked at the caller id to see 'Nanny', I picked up the call.+

"Nanny!" I said in a happy voice.+

"Bella, how are you?" She asked.+

"I am good. What about you? Did you take your medicines on time?" +

"Yes, I did. I miss you so much Bella."+

"I miss you too Nanny."+

"So, what happened in your first night? How was it? Did you both finally do it?"88

This woman. +

She can never be serious.4

I have to lie to her or again she will get worried.1

"Bella?" she called.+

"Umm... we didn't do it but Nanny, Liam is very nice. He is taking good care of me." By making me sleep on the couch. "And Nanny, you know he even said that he would give our marriage a chance. Can you believe, the great Liam Parker saying this?" I said laughing while tears had started forming in my eyes.100

This is so hurtful, to lie to her. I have never lied to her about anything. But I don't have any other option. To see her happy, I have to do this.3

"Really! I am so happy to hear that."1

I can't control anymore. I know if I talk to her even for a minute now, I'll burst into tears. 1

"Nanny, I'll talk to you later, Ryan is calling me. Bye. I love you."4

"Bye and take care." I hung up and burst into tears.5

"I am so bad. I lied to her. This hurts so much." I said to myself while crying, hiding my face with my hands.3

"You are not bad." I knew whom did this voice belong to, but I decided not to turn around. Liam came and sat beside me on the couch. "You are not bad Bella."91

I scoffed "Ya, I am not bad. I lied to her. The one thing that I have never done."14

"Well you can't be considered bad for that." I looked at him with tears flowing down my eyes. He too turned towards me and cupped my face wiping my tears with his thumb he said "Maybe you can say that you care for her that's why you lied to her."65

I stared at him in confusion.3

This man is fucking confusing.5

"Has anyone told you that you are unbelievably bipolar?" I said still in my crying hoarse voice.24

He smiled "Unbelievably bipolar? Umm.. no, you are the first one to use that."4

"You know what, I think you should smile more often, it suits you."6

He turned forward "Do you really miss her?"1

I hummed.2

He then pulled me towards him. I was shocked by his action for a minute but then gave in. My head was resting on his chest, he tapped on my shoulder.7

"But I won't suggest you to cry more often, it really doesn't suit you." I laughed at his word. "It's okay Bella."14

I wrapped my hands around his waist tightly hiding my face on his chest. I don't know why but it felt good to hold him, to be in his arms. 39

We stayed in the same position for a while when he said again "I think we should go down, Ryan must have finished with his classes."8

Though I didn't want to pull away but I did. We went down I saw Ryan sitting and listening to his tutor attentively and Maria was sitting beside him.4

Why is Maria sitting beside him? Every time when Ryan's tutor is here, she is with him I have noticed this many times. But why?63

When Ryan saw me, he got distracted and smiled at me. I smiled back at him. Then he signalled me with his hands 'it's so boring'. I chuckled at him.10

"I think you are really a bad distraction to my son." Liam said.8

I turned to him, to see him standing beside me. I took some steps close to him. I tip-toed and leaned forward to his ears and whispered "Mr. Parker, it's our son now." 144

Liam just smirked. 13

I kissed his cheek and was about to run when Liam held my wrist and pulled me to him. His hands reached my back, holding my waist tightly, pulling me closer to him while my hands were resting on hiss chest.85

"What was that? Don't you think you are going out of your limits Mrs. Parker?" Liam asked but definitely he wasn't angry. 6

"You said we have to pretend to be a happy couple and I am just following your orders Sir." 28

Liam's brows furrowed listening to me. "Look at Ryan, he looks so happy to see the closeness between his Mommy and Daddy." Liam looked in Ryan's direction and I took the chance to get out of his grip and ran down, laughing.6

Liam stood there with hands in his pockets and shook his head once looking at me with a.... smile? 83

*********************He is bipolar I do agree with that.😐78

Hope you guys liked the chapter.10

Don't forget to Vote and Comment.Stay safe!+

Love you all!❤️1

BELLA PARKER8

The next day, Liam went to work, me and Ryan we were wandering around the house. We went to the garden, then the rooftop as my baby said he had to swim. That little boy was swimming so well, I was so lost in watching him that I didn't realize he was calling me. When he splashed water on me, I came back to my senses.2

"Earth to Mommy." Ryan said.2

"What?" I asked him.+

"Come and join me."+

"No, I am good."1

"Come on Mommy, it'll be fun."+

"I said no."+

Can't he understand I can't swim?+

Tell him, then he can understand.18

"Mommy, fast come."+

"I said no Ryan."+

Why is he so stubborn?+

Well stubbornness flows in his genes.10

Ya, how can I forget that?+

"Mommy, I'll push you if you don't come now."+

"Are you mad? No. I can't join you."6

"Why?" he asked.+

"Because I can't swim."3

He stared at me blankly.+

"You can't swim?" he asked me again to confirm.+

I shook my head "No."+

He then turned aside and giggled.12

This boy!+

"I saw that Ryan." I glared at him.+

He turned to me with an innocent face like he didn't do anything then again, giggled.1

"Stop that Ryan Parker, I am warning you."1

He looked at me again and puts his finger on his lips then again, he started giggling. 10

"I said stop. This is not funny."+

"Sorry Mommy." He said and this time he burst out into laughter. 3

"You know what, I am going. You stay here and enjoy your swimming."101

With that I left the rooftop and went back to my room. After taking a good shower I changed into some comfortable clothes and sat in my room with my phone.63

After sometime I saw Ryan entering my room with a laptop in his hand. He stood beside me with the laptop and poked my arm. I looked at him with a stern look.5

"Are you mad at me?" he asked pouting.2

Well do you really think that after you make that face, I can still be angry?+

Bella get a grip on yourself. Don't fall for his innocent tricks. He is an evil little boy.11

"Yes, I am." +

He again poked my arm "Mommy, baby is sorry." He said holding his ears.138

No. Ryan don't do that. +

He looks so fucking cute.2

"Stop doing that."+

"Baby is sorry."1

"I said stop."+

"Baby is so sorry Mommy."+

"Okay fine. You are forgiven."10

Ryan giggled.+

Evil baby. 7

"Mommy, can we watch a horror movie?"7

My eyes widened.+

HELL NO! I am not watching that bullshit.32

"Why?" I asked laughing nervously.+

"Mommy, I am a kid. A five year old kid only. Dad never watch movies with me. He always says he is busy."33

"Oh." Came my low voice.+

Poor baby.+

"So, Mommy there is this movie I wanted to watch for so long, can you please watch with me."1

I cleared my throat and picked up the bottle that was kept on the bedside table.I started drinking water slowly.+

The name of horror movies scare the shit out of me. 28

Oh Jesus! How do I explain to this boy that I am hella scared of these kind of shits?1

When I used to watch them at my house, Nanny was there whom I could hold and sleep but here I have only Liam and he for sure is not going to hold me or let me hold him.2

And if I tell this little evil that, he'll again start laughing at me.+

Someone please help me!+

Save me from getting embarrassed.+

Bels, you are a 24 year old girl. Don't show him that you are scared of horror movies. Just watch it.+

You can do it. I know.4

No. I can't.+

In this house I have no saviour. 1

Wait.+

Liam Parker. Hehe! The ghost can't be more dangerous and scary than him. Right?30

So right.3

Okay fine then we are watching it.3

Bring it on baby.+

That's like my girl.+

"So, the movie name is Conjuring. I want to watch it from the starting both the parts."373

Is he trying to kill me out of fear?2

Consy sorry. I can't watch that movie.1

Bels, you have already watched that movie. Then why the hell are you scared?+

So what? That movie is scary.+

I was busy struggling with my thoughts and Ryan had already started the movie.+

"I am so excited Mommy." Ryan said happily.1

I just nodded, then I took a pillow. You know that's for safety. Whenever it will show the ghost, I will cover my face with this.4

Oh Jesus! Why am I so smart?+

1 hour later...3

"The ghost will appear now." I said in a horrified voice. +

"Mommy stop giving me spoilers." Ryan said.8

"Okayy..."+

Again after sometime.+

"Oh My God! It's her! It's her! I am telling you. It's her." I screamed.7

"Mommy you are scaring me now." Ryan said in a horrified voice not moving his attention from the laptop.1

"BITCH! LOOK BEHIND IT'S BEHIND YOU."239

"MOMMY WHY IS SHE NOT TURNING AROUND."3

"LOOK BEHIND!"+

BELLA PARKER16

Liam went to open the door.+

There was my baby standing at the door with his teddy bear in his hand. 4

Aww. He looks so cute.4

"Ryan?" Liam asked in confusion.1

He looked at Liam and said "Dad, I can't sleep. I am scared. Can I sleep here?"15

"Yes baby. Of course. Come fast." I said all excited without waiting for Liam.30

Ryan smiled and came running inside the room. Liam closed the door and said in an irritated tone "You both are never watching those stupid movies again."31

"But Dad the whole series is left. We have to watch all the Anabelle series also." Ryan said and Liam glared at him.22

"You are not watching it."2

"But we have you, our saviour." I said with a sweet smile.3

"I said no."1

I looked at Ryan and he looked at me I nodded, he understood.2

Then we turned to Liam with the sweetest smile plastered on our faces and said "Please Dad."43

Not to forget, the pout.1

Liam just stared at us and sighed. He then came to the bed and laid down on his side. We giggled. Ryan held me. With that we drifted off to sleep.-------------------------------------------------------------I am so tired. 3

So, fucking tired of just sitting and doing nothing.11

What should I do?2

I was sitting on the kitchen stool and thinking about what the hell to do.3

Or else I am damn sure that if this keeps on going then I'll end up sleeping again.1

It was evening already and Ryan was studying as his tutor had come and Maria was also there with him. Then my eyes suddenly landed on the kitchen counter.2

Instead of sitting here ideally can't I just prepare something for dinner. It would help Maria too and I am damn sure that Ryan would love to eat my food.3

And it will be a surprise for him.1

I got up from my seat and went to the counter.1

Umm.. what should I make?1

Mmm...1

Idea!2

I am sure Ryan will love it. And Liam? Maybe.4

I started preparing the food singing and dancing on my own. 2

After preparing the food, I decided to keep it on the table. When I was keeping the food on the table, Maria came. I smiled at her.1

"What is all this?" she asked.1

"Umm.. I thought that I would prepare the dinner for tonight. I hope you don't mind me using the kitchen." I replied.15

She laughed then said "Of course not. Bella this is your house, you can do whatever you want here."11

I smiled.1

"You know, I was so worried that I am late for preparing the dinner. Sir is already back from work. Thank you so much Bella. You helped me."1

"You don't have to thank me. I did it because I wanted to."1

"Now let me see what you have prepared."4

I moved aside to let her see what I have prepared, she looked at the dishes and smelled them with a deep breath.+

"Jesus! This smells so good." She said. "Sir will surely fall for you after this. I mean he loves you but after having this he will more."46

I wish that was possible.1

I gave her a small smile.1

"I'll just call both of them." Maria said and left.1

Why can't there be love in my life?21

Why does my life always have to be like this?2

I am damn sure that Liam will never fall for me. At least not in this life.52

And because of that fucking contact I can't even date anyone else.8

To him I'll always be his child's mother or better to say his child's babysitter.3

After sometime Liam came down with his phone in his hand typing something. 1

This man.5

He stopped when he reached his chair but stood there still typing something on his phone.1

Here I was nervous, whether he would like the food or not and he didn't even look at me.1

I went to him and took the phone away from him.2

"What the-" he said but stopped when he saw me.3

"No phones at dinner please."5

"Bella I was doing something important."5

"Come on Liam, since morning you were in the office at least now you can spend some time without this baby of yours."5

I was about to turn around and go to the kitchen when Liam held my arm and pulled me. In seconds I found myself leaning against the table with him extremely close to me "Bella I hate it when someone tries to control me. I am repeating again, you are here because of Ryan. Don't even try to interfere in my life. You don't have work to do but I have." He looks scary.182

So, he thinks I am idle.3

I made the whole dinner asshole.1

I looked down and bit my lip. "Phone." He said in a stern voice.5

I handed his phone back to him. He slid it inside his pocket and sat down on the chair. There was an awkward silence between us. We both didn't say anything.9

I didn't want to talk to him. He can't say that I have no work without even knowing anything. I feel so useless.4

Ryan came down running and sat beside Liam. Maria too came and stood beside me. 1

I served the food to both of them.2

"Wow! The food smells so good." Ryan said. 1

Then he looked at me and asked "Mommy, will you not eat?"1

I looked at Liam who was just looking in the front without even looking at me. Like I didn't matter to him. I smiled at Ryan and said "I'll eat after you are done."2

"Ryan, just eat the food." Liam said sternly and started eating his food.7

Of course, why will The Liam Parker care for me. For poor me.5

I don't know why do I even expect something from him.3

I waited for Ryan's reaction after he took a spoonful of noodle and stuffed in his mouth. Ryan's face lit up.4

"Mmm.." he moaned. "This taste so good. Mary, you have never made this before. Why? You know I was bored with all the same dishes everyday. Mmm" He moaned again.77

Maria laughed and said "It's not me who made this. It was your Mommy." 2

"Mommy." Ryan's smile now spread more. He looked at me and asked "You made this?"1

BELLA PARKER53

The next day I woke up with a pain in my back as I fell down again.4

"AAH!" I screamed in pain.2

"Fuck! This hurts like bitch."2

"You really need to learn to control that mouth of yours." Came Liam's voice. I looked around to find him. There he was all ready for work standing in front of the mirror fixing his tie. He was looking at me from the mirror. 27

"Well, you are still early, it's only 8 am now. So, you can go back to your beauty sleep."1

I got up from the ground and said "No thanks. I am so done with the sleeping now." I kicked the couch but got hurt again. "UGH!! I hate this couch." 3

Liam just shook his head looking at me.3

I made my way to the washroom but stopped on my way and turned around, glaring at him I said "By the way my sleep since I got here has never been beauty except the night I was scared."39

With that I went inside the washroom.-----------------------------------------------------------And here I am back, wandering again.1

I have decided that today I'll make cupcakes for Ryan.2

In the morning we were watching movies then we went to his playroom. After playing there, he went to sleep then his tutor came and now he is studying and me being a nice Mom, I didn't want to disturb him.5

So, this is the reason of my wandering.1

I stopped when I reached in front of the room where Liam asked me not to go. I am really curious to know, what is in this room. Let me think. What can be inside this room? 62

He asked me not to go inside. Earlier when I asked Ryan, he said that Liam doesn't allow anyone to enter this room. No one. Not even Ryan. What can it be? 51

Maybe his ex-wife's pictures. I have never seen her.8

Umm.. ya, but why would he not want Ryan to go in then. I mean it's his Mom?1

Ya. You are right. Then what? 1

Another office?1

Maybe. This man loves his work so, I wouldn't be surprised.3

But I think no. Why would he not want anyone to go inside his office?3

Right. Then maybe some secret where I'll get to know in the end that he is a mafia leader or something. 91

Jesus!4

Like just think about it, it would be so much exciting. Liam Parker- the mafia leader. Damn!15

Your expectations are really high.1

Oh No!1

What now?1

Is it his playroom?73

He is not a kid Bels.9

Not that kind of playroom.24

Then?1

Umm... you know Christian Grey kind of playroom.276

What the hell are you even thinking?2

No. It is possible. I mean just think about it and match all the qualities. Liam and Christian both are billionaires, they both are unmarried.8

He was married.2

But now he is not. He is intimidating too. 3

He is married to you.1

Holy Molly! Is he into that kind of sex?18

No. I don't think so.1

Trust me consy he is. I want to see it.3

Jesus we are coming.9

Curiosity got the best of me and I started looking for the key in the drawers beside. Finally I managed to find it.10

Ha! This was easy.1

Slowly taking a deep breath I opened the door and went in. My eyes widened as soon as I looked inside.29

"HOLY COW!" 33

Bels this is nothing like Christian Grey. This is so fucking beautiful.1

Oh, yes it is. So beautiful.3

The room was filled with drawings with Liam's name written at the bottom. These are so beautiful. 11


      
  
    
        
    
    
      
        
        
      
    
   
  132


      
  
    
        
    
    
      
        
        
      
    
   
  29


      
  
    
        
    
    
      
        
        
      
    
   
  144


      
  
    
        
    
    
      
        
        
      
    
   
  30

BELLA PARKER10

It has been one week since I last spoke to Nanny, whenever I tried to talk to her, Liam would catch me and take my phone from my hand. Nanny too called to ask about me but always Liam would make some excuse. Ryan tried to help me and he too lost his phone.51

"Mommy, why is our life so boring?" Ryan asked.28

Me and Ryan, we were sitting on his bed and watching movie.1

"Why are you saying this?" I asked.2

"It's the truth. I want to go out."1

I started thinking, he is right. 2

He is always in the house, no friends nothing. This is not what kids do. He is like a prisoner captured in a prison and the jailer is Mr. Devil Parker. 2

"I think you are right but we can't do anything about it."2

"Yes we can." He said in excitement.2

I think I know what is this little one thinking.2

And my answer to it is a Hell No.3

"No baby. We are not doing that what you are thinking."2

"Yes we are. Please Mommy just think about it. It would be so much fun."2

"Fun? Do you want to see your Mommy dead?"22

"Please. Dad wouldn't say anything."1

"This is madness Ryan. I am not doing this."3

"I don't have anyone to help me."2

"No." I said in a stern voice.1

Ryan frowned then pouted making puppy eyes. I eyed him suspiciously.1

He got up from the bed, standing up he wiped his fake tears and said "I want a new friend. Why is my life like this? Why does no one understand me?"5

"Ryan stop. This time you can't fool me."1

He again wiped his fake tears "My life is so miserable. I wish I had a friend."5

I waved my hand in front of him "Hello! Am I invisible?"2

*wiping fake tears* "Dad, I need a new Mommy."7

"That's it. Stop."2

*wiping fake tears* "No one is there to take care of this poor child."56

Poor child? Who? You?2

Blackmailing this poor Mommy.3

He continued "Sigh."1

"Sigh."1

"Sigh."1

"So many sighs."28

"Okay fine. I'll do it." I said.5

In seconds his face changed into a happy one, he came running to me and hugged me. Kissing my cheeks he said "I love you Mommy."1

I glared at him. "You are the best."1

Bella, be ready to die.------------------------------------------------------------"AAH!" I screamed in pain.19

"LIAM PARKER!!!" I yelled in anger.4

As usual I fell down from the couch again. Frustrated, I looked straight to see Liam fixing his tie in front of the mirror. I stood up and marched towards him, holding his arm, I turned him around to face me. 2

I glared at him. "Fuck with your rules. I am not sleeping on that couch again whether you like it or not. I don't fucking care."62

I didn't give him a single chance to say anything and marched towards the washroom, slamming the door.+

After taking a good shower and brushing my teeth, I went downstairs to see Liam and Ryan sitting and eating their breakfast.1

Both of them look so cute together. Well my Ryan was born cute but Liam too looks cute when he is not Mr. Devil Parker.6

"Hello, to my baby" I said Ryan with a big smile. Then turned to Liam, glaring at him I said "and to Mr. Devil Parker too." 14

Ryan giggled. Liam glared back at me. 2

I went to Ryan taking a seat beside him, I started eating my breakfast. Ryan poked on my arm, I turned to him. He was signalling me to say it. I started coughing and signalled him back saying 'no'.1

He again mouthed 'please'. 1

I shook my head. 1

He made puppy eyes.2

I shook my head closing my eyes shut. 1

If I look at him now, I'll surely fall for his cuteness.1

"What is it Bella?" came Liam's voice. 2

I turned to look at him, just to see Liam eating his food, quietly not even looking at me.1

I gulped.1

"Mommy has something to say Dad." Ryan said.8

I glared at him. He again signalled me.1

I turned to Liam, he was already looking at me with raised eyebrows "Umm... s-so I-I wanted to talk to you."1

"Ya, I heard him. What do you want to talk about?" Liam said.2

"Umm... me and Ryan, Ryan and me, like we-"10

"Bella stop complicating things and say it." 1

I sighed and closed my eyes "Will you take me and Ryan out?" I said it quickly, so that he can't understand anything and I wasn't going to repeat it again at all.1

I opened my one eyes to see him looking at me complete expressionless.1

Slowly I opened my eyes and with a sad face I continued "I-I mean we are always in the house like prisoners, please take us somewhere out. Ryan too deserves to go out and enjoy. I mean watching movies all the time also gets boring then the playroom also gets boring with all the same stuffs everyday. He must also enjoy something different like other kids do, I mean he has the right to experience things. I feel so sad looking at my poor baby always captured in a room with nothing to do except studies. As parents, we can at least do this much for him. To see his happy face, to see my baby smile." I finally completed.36

When I looked in front, I saw Liam staring at me with a blank look. I turned to look at Ryan to see he was looking at me with his mouth hung open in... shock? Surprise?2

Ryan then closed his mouth and gulped hard. 1

Umm... did I say a lot?4

Yes?1

Ryan then gave slow claps with the same expression "Mommy, that speech was so awesome."98

I smiled and looked in front to see Liam shaking his head in disbelief.1

I pouted making puppy eyes "Please Liam."6

He sighed in annoyance getting up from his seat, he fixed his suit "Fine. We'll go tomorrow."2

"Really?" Ryan exclaimed in happiness.1

Liam looked at him and said "I am not ready to hear another long speech from your Mom so it's better we go."100

"WOW! FINALLY!" Ryan shouted then hugged me. "Thank you so much Mommy. I love you so much. You are the best."1

I kissed his cheek. +

BELLA PARKER28

After the dinner when I returned back to our room, there was no sign of Liam.+

Hell yes!+

I smirked.+

Come on Bels this is your chance to capture the bed. 7

I ran to the bed and laid down pulling the duvet up till my head. I giggled thinking about Liam's face with irritation on it.+

The door of the room opened after few minutes. +

Bella don't give up. Fight for your bed. I love you baby I know you can do this.6

I looked up ready to fight with him for my bed but when I saw his face I was shocked. His eyes were red and he was stumbling.8

How much did he drink today?+

"Liam?" I called out but he did not reply. I was about to get up from the bed when Liam fell on the bed, more specifically on me, making me lay back on the bed. My eyes widened. 1

I called him "Liam." +

He ignored that and his hand went to my back, he hugged my waist pulling me closer to his body.71

What is he doing?+

"Liam, you are drunk."1

He raised his eyes, to finally meet with mine, I could see a sad smile in his face "Am I? I am." 19

Slowly the smile on his face vanished he stared at me for sometime, I stared at his eyes but couldn't make out with what emotion he was looking at me. Slowly he brought his other hand to my face removing some strands of my hair he said "You are beautiful Bella."91

His eyes then travelled from my eyes to my lips. His eyes stopped at my lips. He licked his lips, I bit my lip. 5

"You have no idea how much that habit of yours turns me on." 183

With this my heart started beating like crazy. He brought his face close to mine and our lips met. Neither of us moved. His lips were on mine, he made no attempts to either deepen the kiss or to pull away. His lips felt so good on mine that I didn't want him to pull away. This was the second time we were kissing, and this is so different. Liam's eyes were closed and mine were wide open just staring at his face.19

After sometime he pulled away, pulling my body closer to himself his head rested in the crook of my neck. +

"You know Bella, I miss her. I miss her so much." He mumbled.168

Who is he talking about?+

"It's the day I lost her. Today is that day and every year this day makes me feel sick."20

I don't know about whom he was talking but whoever it is I can feel the pain in his voice.+

Liam placed a light kiss on my neck making me shiver. "Liam, you are not in your senses-"3

"Shh... You are so warm."18

Okay... butterflies time to calm down. Please. 7

What are you doing to me Liam Parker?2

The next morning I woke up feeling something heavy on me. I opened my eyes just to see Liam still sleeping in the same position. I looked at the clock, it was 9. This was the first time he is sleeping for so late. He looks so peaceful. He must have been tired. I traced my fingers through his hair, when he moved a little I instantly pulled away my hand. Liam opened his eyes and looked at me.1

"I am sorry. I didn't mean to wake you up." I said in a panicked voice.+

He shut his eyes again and then opened them. He looked down at the position we were in and looked back at me in confusion.4

"What are you doing on the bed?" he asked in his morning hoarse voice.27

"I-I... n-no... y-you were drunk last night and-"8

He didn't even let me finish the sentence and got up from me and went straight to the washroom.5

Stupid. Stupid Bels.1

Now he is again back to the Devil.1

After coming out from the washroom, then again while having the breakfast, Liam kept ignoring me all the time, while we were getting ready to go to the amusement park, I tried to talk to him but he got ready and left the room without saying a single word.26

He is acting as if I have done everything. As if everything is my fault.7

When we reached the amusement park, Ryan ran to the first ride all excited. Me and Liam, we followed him from behind. Liam didn't look at me even for once. First ride was a kids ride where Ryan went while we waited looking at Ryan all happy and jumping.3

I have decided enough of trying to talk to him, I am not going to talk to him either. Nothing is my fault, he is the one who was drunk, he is the one who kissed me first, he is the one who slept on me, my arm still pains because of him. So Mr. Liam Parker you can fuck off, I don't fucking care anymore.110

I looked at Ryan, he looked really happy. I smiled looking at him, my all sacrifice is for you baby and I think all my sacrifice is worth that smile on your face. He waved at me, I waved back at him. 4

He then shouted from the ride "MOMMY THIS IS SO MUCH FUN!"3

I smiled looking at him. +

"He looks so happy." Liam said suddenly.5

I thought you weren't talking to me. 3

I looked at Liam to see him looking at Ryan with a smile on his face. I have to admit that he looks really good when he smiles.3

"I think you should smile more often." I said still staring at him.60

He turned his face to me. I gave him a smile, he smiled back shaking his head, then turned back to Ryan. 8

After that ride Ryan dragged Liam with him to buy him a machine gun. I followed them. Liam bought him his machine gun then we went to another ride. When we reached in front of the ride. I paused. My eyes widened.35

Roller coaster?4

Fuck! Shit!2

I am not going in that one.11

Feeling my absence beside Liam stopped and turned to look at me, Ryan too stopped and turned around. Liam looked at me with his eyebrows furrowed. Ryan asked "Mommy, what is it? Why are you not coming?"2

I gulped hard. "Why don't you both go and have fun. I am fine here."3

"No. Mommy, you should come too." Ryan came towards me and began to drag me. I pulled him back and stayed glued in my place.2

"I am good. You both can go."2

"No." Ryan argued.2

"Yes." I glared at him.2

"No." he again tried to pull me, I pulled him back again.2

"Yes."2

"Mommy." He glared at me more like warning me.2

"Ryan." I glared back at him.2

"MOMMY!" he shouted.2

"RYAN!" I shouted back.17

"Will you both stop acting like kids?" Liam said.12

"I am a kid Dad." Ryan said turning to Liam then he turned back to glare at me. "Ask Mommy to stop acting like a kid and come with us."45

BRITTANY QUINN👆*****************BELLA PARKER92

After the park, Liam took us to a restaurant. Ryan ordered his favourite chicken, he wanted me to taste it, because he said they make that item the best here.2

"Dad, did you see Mommy today? She was shouting so much."+

"Shut up. I was scared okay."9

He giggled.+

I looked at Liam, he just shook his head looking at me with a smile on his face.2

I glared at him.+

But I am happy. At least I can make him smile. That smile looks good on him. 5

My heart!! 53

"Look who do we have here?" Came someone's voice from behind me and Ryan. Since Ryan was sitting with me. I saw Liam's body stiffen as he was sitting in front of me and Ryan so he could easily see who was behind us. I turned around to see a beautiful lady standing there looking at Liam, her eyes slowly travelled to Ryan. She smiled at him. I looked at Ryan and saw suddenly fear all over his face. He moved close to me and hugged me, hiding his face. The lady looked at me with an evil smirk.32

She made her way towards us. She was about to touch Ryan, when Liam spoke "Don't you dare touch him."+

Hearing Liam say those words Ryan's hold on me became tighter. +

"You can't take away my right of touching my own son." The lady protested smirking.331

My eyes widened, her son? She's Ryan's mother.4

That mean she is Liam's ex-wife. 10

She is indeed beautiful. How will he like me when he had such a beautiful wife?27

Oh shut up. You are more beautiful with a beautiful heart. You are precious.90

Liam got up from his seat and stood in front of her. "Son?" He scoffed. "You still consider yourself as his mother."+

"I am his mother Liam."+

Liam rolled his eyes "You are not. You are the most horrible dream of his life that I want him to forget."8

Why is he saying such hurtful things to her? 2

"Stop." The lady warned him.+

"Why? The truth hurts?"2

"Liam, I am his mother and you can't stop me from going near him."+

"Well I can. I am his father. I have all the rights to protect him from a bitch like you."20

"Bitch? Me? Then what are you, a selfish bastard to whom nothing matters other than himself."15

Liam remained quiet but I saw his jaw clenched. I was waiting for him to say something, she can't call him selfish when he is always concerned about Ryan, when he cares for him so much. He is not at all selfish, he cares for people. 1

After sometime he finally spoke "Fine I am a selfish bastard but I am atleast not like you, to cheat on the people who love me."13

"Liam."+

"Leave Brittany."80

She gave Liam the most hateful glare "He is my son and I will get him back no matter what. I will fight you Liam."3

Liam smirked and slid his hands in his trouser pockets "I'll be waiting. I am sure your boyfriend has a lot of money to hire the best lawyer for you." Liam then bent down to her height and said "But trust me it's not even the half of what I have. Still you can try, I won't stop you."5

"Don't be so over confident Liam Parker, you can't say what's waiting for you in the future."+

"Maybe I am over confident, that's because I know one thing for sure, you are not getting Ryan. He will stay with me." +

"Can't we just forget the past and start fresh?"51

"We can't. I can never forget what you did and neither can he. I have given you enough chances, not again."4

"At least let me see him." She said in a pleading tone and was about to touch Ryan again when Liam held her hand.+

"Suddenly why are you acting like a real mother who loves her child?"5

"Because I do love him Liam."2

Liam shook his head "No you don't. Now leave."2

She stayed rooted in her place. Liam took a deep breath and said "You don't want me to insult you in front of everyone. Do you?"2

"Liam."2

"I am warning you for the last time stay away from him. He doesn't need you. Just get out."2

The Brittany lady clenched her jaw and said "I'll destroy you Liam Parker."5

"I said I'll be waiting. Now please let us have our dinner. Peacefully."1

She gave one last deathly glare to Liam then left.2

Okay... Can someone please explain to me what is wrong between them. I am sure that lady has done something horrible to Liam and Ryan that's why Liam looked so angry.5

Maybe she cheated on him or maybe she broke his trust.17

Ya. I think the second one is correct. Liam has trust issues with people.7

I looked down and found Ryan sobbing.4

I pulled away from the hug. Tears were pouring down his cheek. I cupped his face "Hey, you okay? Ryan. Baby, talk to Mommy."1

But he kept crying, not the normal crying. Like he was in pain more like he was not able to breathe properly.6

I panicked looking at him "Liam, something is happening to him. He is not able to breathe properly."2

Liam immediately kneeled down. He pulled Ryan from me, he held Ryan's hands tightly and with his another hand he rubbed his back "Hey, it's okay. Calm down. She's gone. Shh.. calm down baby."28

Liam was trying very hard to calm him but Ryan was too scared. I was shocked, it hurts to see Ryan in this condition.+

Liam said "Okay come on count with me. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5..."7

Ryan started counting "S-Six"2

"S-Seven" +

"E-Eight"+

"N-Nine" +

"T-Ten"4

"You okay?" Liam asked.3

Ryan nodded.1

Liam smiled at him and wiped his tears "Dad will never let anyone harm you. You don't have to be scared."3

Ryan hugged Liam, I was already crying seeing Ryan's condition. 4

What has she done to my Ryan?6

"W-Will s-she take me a-away from y-you?" Ryan said in a broken voice.4

"No. She will not. I will never let her take you away from me."3

To see him like this is so painful.2

BELLA PARKER7

Aah! This beddy feels so good and warm and.. hard?89

But according to me bed's are supposed to be soft. Right?3

I opened my eyes slowly to see Liam's face in front of me. I looked at our position and saw, my arms were wrapped around Liam and he was sleeping with one hand at the back of his head and on his other arm was my head. Well his arm was I guess my pillow. Hehe.23

He looks so peaceful when he is asleep. I moved a little closer to him closing my eyes again, hugging him tightly. I feel so warm.9

"Bella, will you let me get up?" Liam's voice came, and my eyes flung open. I looked up with wide eyes and saw him looking at me.14

"Y-You were awake?" I asked embarrassed by my actions.3

"Will you leave me?"18

I instantly pulled away my hand, though I didn't want to. 2

Liam got up from the bed and went to the washroom giving me a last weird look. 30

After Liam came out I got up and went to the washroom, brushing my teeth and taking a good shower, I got ready as I have to go and meet Nanny today. I will surprise her. I am so excited. 6

With a happy face I went down, saw my baby having his breakfast with his Daddy. I went to them.4

"Good Morning my beautiful baby, and Good Morning to you too... umm... Mr. not so Devil Parker."22

Ryan giggled and said "Good Morning Mommy. Looks like someone is really happy today." 1

"Of course she is." Liam said shaking his head staring at me.5

I sat down beside Ryan smiling. Maria served me my breakfast I greeted her 'good morning'.1

Then Liam said "Ryan, Bella will be out for a while so you have to stay alone for sometime. Maria will be there with you of course."2

Ryan's eyes lit up "Where is Mommy going?"2

"To see my Nanny. I miss her so much and your Daddy dear has given me the permission." I said not waiting for Liam's reply.15

"Wow! Can I come too?" Ryan asked Liam.2

"Of course you can baby." I said again not waiting for Liam.1

"No. You can't." Liam said in a stern tone.1

"Please Dad. I promise I would take care of myself."1

"I said no Ryan. You are not going anywhere."1

"But Liam why not. I'll be there with him. Not that I'll leave him alone." I tried to convince him. 1

"Bella, he is not going anywhere." Liam turned to Ryan and said "You wanted to have fun I took you to the amusement park, that's it."6

I looked at Ryan, saw him looking down. He just nodded his head.1

I feel bad. I have to stand up for my baby's right.1

I gulped hard and turned to Liam and said "You can't always keep him caged inside this house. You h-"34

Liam cuts me off with an angry look on his face "I am in no mood to listen to any other lecture of yours. He is my son and I very well know what is good for him, I prefer you stay away from this." 20

He sounded as if Ryan means nothing to me, that I am no one to him.1

Trying my best to control my tears I said in a broken voice "L-Liam I am h-his mother."83

Liam rolled his eyes "You are, but he is safe with you only at home. You can't take care of yourself properly Bella and you expect me to leave him with you."83

I can't take it anymore. I felt a knife being stabbed inside me. His words were hurting me like hell. He still doesn't trust me. A tear dropped from my eyes. I think Liam noticed that, with a clenched jaw he said "Sorry for hurting your feelings Bella, but I don't want Ryan to get a panic attack again."44

He thinks I am not mature enough to be Ryan's mother. I looked down and wiped my tears. Liam stood up from his seat. He buttoned up his coat and said "I'll drop you."7

Swallowing my tears, I got up, still looking down I said "I'll manage." 7

With that I walked past him trying to make my way towards the exit when Liam caught my wrist, stopping me. "Ryan go to your playroom." He ordered Ryan and Ryan obediently went to his playroom muttering in a low voice 'bye mommy'. 5

I was trying my best to pull my hand away from his hold but he was too strong. Within seconds, after Ryan went back to his room Liam turned me around and pulled me towards him with a force. His hand went back to my waist, holding me close to him. I couldn't control my tears anymore they were just flowing down from my eyes. Liam held my chin, forcing me to look up at him. When my eyes met his, I saw him looking at me with guilt filled in his eyes.74

"L-Let me go Liam." I managed to mutter.5

Liam removed some strands of my hair from my face, then wiped my tears with his thumb. I felt butterflies in my stomach. Liam bent down to my ears and whispered "Nanny wouldn't like to see her Bella in this state."117

He then kissed my cheek, I closed my eyes. "L-Liam." 21

He kissed on my eyes then down to my nose, his lips then travelled to my other cheek.178

"I'll drop you." With that he pulled away and left, leaving me frozen on my place.56

Slowly I opened my eyes, and looked around to see no one. I was the only one standing in the room. I bit my lip, my hand went to my chest I felt my heart beating so fast.26

Bella calm down.2

Just calm down.3

Calming myself I went out and saw Liam waiting in his car for me. I ran to the car and sat beside him. The whole car ride I was feeling my heart was racing and I was trying to calming myself down, the whole ride neither he nor me, we didn't speak a single word. But looking at my nervousness I could feel him smirking. After dropping me he said his driver will pick me up from here and I just nodded.22

I went in and rang the bell. After few minutes Nanny opened the door, without looking anywhere I held her hand, dragging her inside the house I hugged her tightly.6

"NANNY!!" I shouted in excitement.2

Pulling away from the hug, I kissed her cheeks then I looked at her face. 3

Is she not happy that I am here? Why does she look worried?1

"Bella." She finally said in her worried voice.1

"Nanny, you don't look happy that I am here. Is everything okay?" I asked her.3

"Bella, you shouldn't be here. You should leave now." 3

"What? Nanny I came here to see you. Why are you acting so weird?"1

She dragged me back to the door and said "I'll tell you everything later, just leave now."1

"No. I am not going anywhere. Tell me what is going on." I said removing her hold from my hand.1

"Jesus Bella! Just listen to me for once and leave."1

"No. I-" I was cut off by someone.1

"Bella?" I looked over Nanny's shoulder to see the person that I hate the most in this world standing there. He still didn't had any shame or guilt on his face. Seeing him my blood boiled.6

"Seth?" I muttered in pure anger. He is Nanny's son. Just because of him we are always in trouble. I turned to Nanny with a confused look "Nanny, what the hell is this man doing here?"17

"Bella I-" she started but Seth cuts her off.1

"Bella, is this the way to talk to your uncle?"4

I scoffed "Uncle? Look who is talking about relationships now." I went closer to him. "You are the one who sold the orphanage just for your fucking addiction, did you remember that time that she is your mother and that orphanage was everything to her. Whenever I earned money and gave it to her you took that money away from her and at the end we would end up with nothing."1

Shamelessly he smirked and said "She is my mother and I can take anything I want from her." 43

"Mother? I really pray that no mother gets a child like you. You are the one because of whom those gamblers came to our house to ask their money back. Where were you at that time? You know she was alone in the house fighting with them. You didn't come to save her instead you chose to run away like a coward that you are."5

"I see you have learnt to talk a lot. Did your billionaire husband taught you this? I am disappointed in you Bella. But I really like how you trapped a billionaire."10

"Don't." I warned him.1

"Why? Does the truth hurt my dear Bella? You married him because of his money, you are no good than a gold digger."10

"If saving the one who I love, by marrying a billionaire makes me a gold digger then yes I am a gold digger. At least I am not like you. I don't leave my family in problems."35

"You don't know the truth sweetheart. Trust me when you will know the truth, you'll regret everything you are saying right now."6

"Truth? What are you talking about?"3

"Seth, don't." Nanny warned him then came to me and held my hand "Bella just go please Bella."8

"No, I am not going anywhere." I told her. "Ask him to leave."1

"Bella, try to understand." Nanny said.3

I looked at her in disbelief. "Nanny, he is the one because of whom we lost the orphanage, he is the one who is to be blamed for making our lives miserable. Why are you taking his side?"1

Seth started laughing "She is my mother blood relations are stronger little Bella."8

With tears filled in my eyes I looked at her "N-Nanny, please tell me what is it? Why are you taking his side?"1

"Just leave Bella."2

"N-Nanny." She looked away from me. 3

I went to her and held her hand "What is it? Why are you being so cold to me? You have never acted like this before. Are you in any kind of problem? I promise I'll do my best to help you. But please just tell me what is it? Don't be so rude to me. I-It hurts."13

She still didn't face me and said "Bella, leave."2

Taking a deep breath, I kissed her right cheek that was facing me and hugged her. But she didn't hug me back this time. Looking at her one last time I said "I am always there for you Nanny. I love you." With that I left the house, tears rolling down my cheeks.153

***************************🥺That was hurtful....11

Hope you guys liked the chapter.3

Double updates!!Happy reading ❤️1

Don't forget to Vote and Comment.Stay safe!1

Love you all!❤️1

For the ones who were eagerly waiting for Liam's POV here it is.... We have Liam Parker😌96

And hope after reading this you guys like Liam...*****************LIAM PARKER46

I was trying to concentrate on my work but the morning's incident kept flashing in my mind. I felt really guilty for saying those things to Bella. She was so hurt. I wanted to apologize to her but this attitude of mine will not let me do that. 42

After Ryan had the panic attack again last night I didn't want him to go out anywhere without me. I know Bella loves him and will protect him whatever happens but when Ryan have the attacks, no one can calm him down except me. I don't want to lose him again. 53

I want to give him all the happiness of this world but I also have to keep him safe from Brittany. I won't allow her to take him away from me. She was never a good mother nor will she be. It was stupid of me that I thought I could give her a chance, and that was the biggest mistake of my life. She was even ready to kill my baby when he was not even born.689

Unable to focus on my work I finally decided to call Bella and ask if she has returned or not. I know it's still not the time that I given her but I can't help. I wanted to hear her voice so badly. I love it when she smiles, when she talks too much, when she bites her lip when I am around, when she tries to act feisty with me, when sometimes she acts like a child.118

I picked my phone and dialled her number. I was waiting impatiently for her to pick up the call but she didn't, and it went to voice message.2

Why isn't she picking up? 1

I tried again but again it went to voice message.1

This girl! 7

Well how can I forget how careless she can be. She might have left her phone somewhere and is enjoying talking to her 'Nanny'.5

I sighed and tried to concentrate on my work. 2

Then my mind suddenly went to the kiss, of that day. When I fell asleep with her in my arms.3

I got drunk that night as always I do on this day since the last two years. It makes me feel horrible. It has been two years still I get nightmares every night, it's good that Bella is a heavy sleeper so she hasn't seen me yet in that condition and I hope she doesn't ever.45

But something strange happened that night when I got drunk and fell on Bella. That was the first time in two years I slept peacefully. I still remember that kiss. Though I was drunk but I still remember it. Her soft lips felt so good on mine. It was wrong but still it felt so right. I didn't want to pull away from her lips. She is doing something to my heart, I tried to stop that feeling a lot of times but failed. There is something about her that attracts me towards her, and I fail to control myself from going near her.42

I know last night I told her to sleep on her own side and blah blah blah. But I wasn't able to sleep like I did that night, peacefully. So when I saw her already asleep I pulled her towards me and held her in my arms. After sometime I felt her moving closer to me, my warmth was making her comfortable. She then wrapped her arms around me, hugging me tightly and I wouldn't deny it that the urge of kissing her all night and making love to her, grew more and more inside me and she was just sleeping unaware of my thoughts about her.225

I came out of my thoughts when I heard a knock on the door. I muttered 'come in' and saw Lucas entering with a happy face. I rolled my eyes looking at him.10

"Oh Liam! I missed you so much." He said in a dramatic tone. 5

I gave him a boring look and said "Done? Now say why are you here?"5

"Come on man, for once in your life can't you be soft."11

"Lucas." 1

"Okay fine." He then took seat in front of me. "Sorry, I couldn't attend your wedding as I was out of town for some day."1

"I asked why the hell are you here?"1

"Chill dude I am telling you. Well that girl umm... what was her name? Umm... ya Bella."1

Listening her name my eyebrows furrowed. "What about her?"1

"Listen you are married now, you can't flirt around with your child's babysitter Liam. This is so wrong."63

"Shut up. She is my wife."5

"WHAT? W-Wife? When and how? I have to meet her, you didn't introduce me to her."4

"I will later. Now tell me what were you about to say?" I was getting really impatient now.1

Lucas kept some pictures in front of me of a guy, in some pictures I saw Bella laughing with him. My anger rose looking at the picture of them together laughing. This guy looked pretty close to her.56

"I forgot to send you the file about this one, I was in a hurry to leave the town and in hurry this one information was left out."2

"Who the hell is he?" I asked still looking at the picture, anger visible in my voice.1

"Calm down dude. He is not her boyfriend, he is just a friend of hers. Well not is but was."1

I gave him a confused look.+

"His name is Steve. Steve Williams. Your wifey lost her job at the coffee shop and she went to him I guess to ask for help as he was her only friend. But this asshole tried to rape her instead of helping her. She however managed to escape out of there and save herself."203

Listening to him my jaw clenched, my hand turned into a fist. 2

This guy tried to rape my Bella.528

"Any information about him?" I asked.1

"Nope. Nothing. I am trying my best to find him."16

I nodded. "Keep trying and let me know if you find anything."1

Once I get him, he is dead for sure. 26

"So, when are you planning on introducing us?" Lucas asked.2

"I wasn't."38

"What do you mean you wasn't? I want to meet her at any cost. She's pretty."3

I glared at him.1

"She's mine."395

Lucas looked at me with a surprised look. 2

Uh-oh. I shouldn't have said that.16

He smirked "Yours? Oh boy! Someone's falling in love." 60

"Shut up and get out."3

"You have to agree, you are falling for her. At last you are falling for someone. I am so very very happy."5

I rolled my eyes.1

"By the way, I'll leave now. I have some work to do."4

I nodded. He got up from his seat and was making his way towards the exit when he stopped and turned around.2

"Hey, can you fix my date with that assistant of yours? She's hot."98

"Get out." I said getting irritated.2

"Just one date. Please."2

"Why don't you go and ask her, I don't have any problem."3

"You sure?"2

BELLA PARKER47

The next day when I woke up, I found the bed empty beside me. I sat up rubbing my eyes and looked around the room, but there was no sign of Liam.+

Where did he go?1

After getting up from the bed I went to the washroom, doing my daily morning stuffs, I went downstairs and saw Ryan sitting and having his breakfast.1

Where the hell is Liam?1

I went to him and said "Good Morning."+

He looked up at me, his face lit up when he saw my smiling face. "You are not sad anymore?"+

I shook my head.+

He sighed. "Thank God. Yesterday I was so worried about you."40

I went to him and sat beside him "I know and I am really sorry for worrying you baby."4

"It's okay. But from next time, don't be sad, it doesn't suit you."22

"Okay. Okay."+

He smiled then started eating his food happily. I looked around here and there searching for Liam, but no sign of him.+

Where is he?+

"Mommy." I was snapped out of my thoughts when Ryan called me. I looked at him, he was already looking at me with a questioning look "Are you searching for someone?"+

"Umm... ya. Liam. Have you seen him?"+

"Dad. Ya. He left for work."1

"Work? So early?"+

"Yep. Dad said he had a meeting to attend, so he needs to leave."+

I just nodded.+

He could've told me about the meeting. Ryan knows about that and not me. I mean I am his wife I should know about these things.15

Oh! How can I forget, he doesn't consider me as his wife. I am just Ryan's mother and nobody to him.87

You are so dumb. If you were nobody to him then why did he comforted you last night. He even brought your favourite chocolate cake.63

That's because he doesn't want his son to be sad. I was sad, so Ryan was sad. Ryan is the only one who loves me, nobody else loves me.2

UGH!! You are such an ungrateful bitch. He comforted you last night and instead of thanking him you are finding his flaws.39

Ya because that's the truth.+

No. It's not.1

Just shut up.2

"Mommy, will you make cupcakes today. I want to taste your cupcakes. You said you make awesome cupcakes."14

"Really? You want to taste them?" I asked Ryan.1

"Yep. Will you make them?" he asked shyly.+

"Of course baby. It has been so long since I have last made cupcakes. I'll surely make them."17

"Thank you."+

"No need to thank me. Have you completed your homework?"2

He laughed nervously fidgeting with his fingers. I glared at him playfully.+

"You haven't."+

He shook his head.+

"Your tutor will be coming in the evening, you know that right."3

He nodded.1

"Let's go then, I'll help you to complete your homework."12

After helping Ryan with his homework, we went to his playroom, he played there for sometime then when it was almost noon, we had our lunch and then Ryan, fell asleep. He was sleeping peacefully beside me in my room. He fell asleep while playing game on his phone. When I saw him already asleep, I took the phone that was still on his hand. I smiled to myself looking at my baby sleeping peacefully. I ran my hands through his soft and smooth hair and kissed his forehead. 25

"You know baby, I feel so alone. Nanny is not talking to me, I want to help her so badly. But I am unable to do that. I hope Liam takes care of everything."4

I picked up my phone from the bedside table and dialled Nanny. For the first two times she didn't pick up the call, but at the third time she cut the call.1

I sighed and laid down on the bed holding Ryan in my arms. I didn't remember when did I fell asleep thinking about Nanny. I woke up when someone knocked the door, Maria came in and informed that Ryan's tutor will be arriving soon. I woke up Ryan and asked him to freshen up. After Ryan was done he went downstairs where his tutor was waiting for him while I went to the kitchen to make some cupcakes for my baby.6

I was making cupcakes in the kitchen while Maria was with Ryan. I still don't understand one thing that why does Maria have to be always there? Why the hell is Liam so protective about Ryan?75

I was snapped out of my thoughts by a familiar voice "You'll burn the food if you keep spacing out like this."+

I turned around to see Liam standing there leaning against the kitchen wall with arms folded, staring at me. His coat and tie both were off, the sleeves of his white shirt were rolled up and the first two buttons undone, giving me the view of his collarbone, his hair was all messy but still he managed to look extremely hot. 80

When my eyes went to his face, I saw him smirking.+

Uh-oh. He just caught me checking him out.2

Instantly I looked away from him and tried to focus on my cake that was in the oven. It was done so in nervousness I quickly took it out and... Ouch!5

"Ouch!" I hissed in pain. Shit!1

Liam came running to me, he held my hand that was burnt. "Why are you so careless?" I can see something in his eyes. 17

Is it... worry? Is he caring for me? For poor me?66

He then held my hand lightly and dragged me with him to the sink. Opening the tap he held my finger in front of it, washing the burnt part with cold water. He looked really worried.26

I blinked my eyes to see if it's real or not. No. I can still see the same emotion on his face.1

Why all of a sudden he is showing concern?2

"Go and sit on the stool, I'll apply ointment on it." Liam said not moving his gaze from my finger.35

"Liam? Are you okay?" I asked unsure if he is drunk or not.46

"What?" Liam asked in confusion.+

"No. I mean it's strange to see you like this. Worrying about me. Like me, me. Are you drunk?"88

"Bella. Stop with all the nonsense. Go and sit there, I'll be back."2

He went out of the kitchen and I stood there shocked. After sometime Liam returned back with the first aid kit in his hand. He stopped in his tracks when he saw me staring at him. He rolled his eyes then said "Will you come and sit here?"8

I snapped out of my thoughts and nodded my head. Making my way towards the stool. I sat there. Liam sat on the other one beside me and then pulled my stool closer to him, so that he can apply the ointment easily. He took out the ointment from the box then he blew on the burnt part of my finger, then sighed. 13

"You are not entering the kitchen again."21

"Who the hell even asked you to cook something? The maids are there for some reasons."+

"It's all my fault I should've restricted you the first day itself, from going into the kitchen."6

"Why are you like this Bella?"2

BELLA PARKER4

Our lips were just an inch away when "Dad, Mommy." 6

Instantly my eyes opened. I looked from where the voice came to see Ryan standing at the kitchen door. Liam left my waist, I moved away from him, clearing his throat.+

"Sorry to disturb both of you." Ryan said shyly.81

I looked down embarrassed.+

Shit! What was I doing? Kissing the devil. What's wrong with me?27

"No. I-It's okay. Come inside. I have made something for you." Liam said avoiding eye contact with me.12

"What?" Ryan asked excitedly.+

Wait, he made? He just ruined everything.1

"No. Ryan wait." I said stopping him from going to the cupcakes. "I'll just do the icing then you can have it. Your Dad has just ruined everything."+

I glared at Liam. He glared back at me.+

"See this cupcake looks perfect. Ryan see it yourself." Liam said looking at the cupcake.+

"Perfect? Liam, this cupcake looks dead. Look how you have done the icing."42

Ryan started laughing. Me and Liam we both turned to him in confusion. Maria too came into the kitchen, at first she was shocked looking at me and Liam then she too started laughing. Ryan sat on the stool while laughing holding his stomach.2

"What's so funny?" Liam asked.1

"D-Dad you both look so funny with cream all over your faces." Ryan said trying his best to not laugh.46

I looked at Liam and he looked at me more like glared at me.1

"I'll just finish the icing then I'll get cleaned up." I said then I stop when I saw Liam was about to say something "And I don't need your help." I said quickly so that he doesn't 'care' anymore for me.+

Because of his 'care' my three cupcakes got wasted.6

"I was saying that I'll go and get cleaned. I am not interested in helping ungrateful people." Liam said again with a glare and left the kitchen.26

Ungrateful? Did he just call me that?1

Well, you can't deny that. You are ungrateful.6

Shut up. Stupid consy.5

"Bloody Devil Parker." I mumbled.6

When my eyes fell on Ryan he was pressing his lips tightly, trying not to laugh. I glared at him, he giggled and ran from the kitchen.+

"UGH!! Everyone here is irritating." My eyes then landed on the mess that was created in the kitchen. I sighed. "I have so much work to do."+

I then went back to my cupcake making.+

When I was done cleaning the kitchen and making the cupcakes, I went up to the room to get cleaned up. When I came down I saw both Ryan and Liam sitting on the stool in the kitchen and enjoying the cupcakes. I went to both of them, and they just ignored me. Both of them kept eating the cupcakes happily. +

"Mmm... Dad this is so good." Ryan said while moaning.39

Huh! Of course, it is. After all I have made it.4

I smirked internally.1

"Of course, it is. After all I have made it." Liam said taking another cupcake in his hand.94

Wait. What? Are you kidding me right now? I have made it.1

I marched towards him and stood beside the stool, in which he was sitting "I have made them not you."+

Liam just ignored me and kept eating. "Liam, I am talking to you."+

Ignored.+

"Liam, you are lying to him."+

Ignored.+

Ryan started giggling.+

I glared at Liam, but he didn't look at me even once. "Fine, keep ignoring me. I don't give a f-" Liam didn't let me complete my sentence and pulled me by my waist, my eyes widened. He smirked looking at my shocked face, then he stuffed the whole cupcake that was in his hand in my mouth. 30

"Rule no. 7 Bella, remember."107

I nodded quickly.+

"Good. Now continue what you were saying?"+

I was saying that I don't give a fuck about it. But if I say that you are going to punish me. So Bella, darling be quiet.5

I shook my head and focused on gulping the whole cupcake that he stuffed in my mouth. Liam smirked and took another cupcake and started eating, I glared at him and as usual he just ignored me.6

I was done with the cake I gulped it down with a lot of difficulty, I said "You are such a devil Liam. How ca-" and here comes another one.+

Liam stuffed another cake in my mouth.134

My eyes widened and he smirked again. I tried to chew it as fast as I could and finish it, so that I can shout at him but as soon as I gulped it and opened my mouth to scold him he again stuffed another cake in my mouth.7

"Stop Bella, I know the cupcakes are really tasty, but if you keep eating all the cakes like this what will we eat. Stop it Bella, you have already eaten three of them, now we can't give you anymore."78

I stared at him in disbelief. Ryan giggled.+

This man is so annoying.+

After sometime when all the cupcakes were finished, Liam got up from his seat and said "You can thank me later for the cupcakes." Then he walked out of the kitchen.14

I glared at him.+

Ryan came to me and said "Dad was just teasing you Mommy. The cupcakes were so yummy. Thank you."8

I smiled and kneeled down in front of him. He kissed my cheek.+

"Glad you liked it."+

"I love you to infinity Mommy."22

"I love you to umm... ya to infinity square."78

He hugged me then ran out of the kitchen.+

I smiled to myself then I went to the rooftop. I stopped on my track when I saw Liam sitting on the couch with a glass of wine in his hand. I went closer to him, and took a seat beside him. 13

We both were sitting there quietly not saying anything, not looking at each other but just enjoying the view. Finally I looked at Liam to see him staring at the view. +

This side of Liam, I mean the side that I have seen in these few days, the nice Liam Parker. It's nothing like he was before, now he cares for me. I don't know if this side of yours is real or you are just playing with my feelings but whatever it is, I don't want it to end. I love this Liam Parker. 18

I don't know what are you doing to me Liam, I don't know what is this feeling, but I like being with you. I like taking care of your needs, I like it when you pull me close to yourself, I like it when you tease me, when you scold me. I like each and every moment I spend with you.50

These feelings are so new to me. I have never felt like this for anyone. No one has made me this nervous, my heart hasn't beaten for anyone like it beats for you.1

BELLA PARKER52

Okay, Bella you are a bitch.6

You are the biggest bitch in this world.2

You are ungrateful.1

You don't care about anybody.+

You know what you should probably kill yourself.185

I hate myself so much!!5

Here I am sitting in Ryan's room, lost in deep thoughts. Well not thoughts exactly but more like cursing myself. Why am I like this? What the fuck is wrong with me!2

Confused? 4

I know you are. I myself is confused so fucking much. It has been two weeks now and I am avoiding Liam. I wake up late in the morning and sleep before he returns back from work. These few days Liam has been working a lot, he has some important project coming. He returns home late from work so there is no chance for him to see me and most of the times I sleep in Ryan's room to avoid all his questions.25

But this is what is so annoying. I haven't seen him properly for two weeks now, this is driving me really crazy. I know I was the one who decided to not talk to him but now I am fucking regretting this. I thought staying away from him won't be difficult, I'll be able to control myself from falling for him but I was so wrong. Ignoring him is more hurtful than I thought. Maria said that due to the workload he is not eating properly, so everyday I make the things that he likes still he doesn't eat properly. 33

I want to go to him to comfort him, I want to relieve his stress, I want to sit with him and talk to him and share all his problems, I want to take care of him, I want to scold him for not taking care of himself but I just can't. Maybe I am being selfish by just thinking about myself, by just thinking about my feelings.8

"Earth to Mommy." Ryan called snapping me out of my thoughts. 2

I looked at him. "Yeah."+

He slapped his forehead. "You always zone out in between of our conversation."1

"Sorry. I-I was just.... Never mind what were you saying?"+

"I want to go for swimming."+

"Swimming? Now?"+

He nodded. +

I looked at the clock. "Ryan it's 7 pm. It's not the time for swimming."+

"Please Mommy. In the evening the rooftop looks more beautiful."+

"I know Ryan but you'll get sick if you swim at this time."3

"No I won't please Mommy." He made puppy eyes.+

I sighed.+

This boy.+

"Okay fine, but not too long."1

He nodded smiling.+

Changing his clothes, Ryan ran upstairs. I shouted "Ryan careful." And followed him. +

After we reached the rooftop, I felt the cool wind blew. It felt soothing. I took a deep breath. Ryan jumped into the pool. I smiled and shook my head. I was about to go and sit on the couch when someone came up from under the water. I could only see his back, but I think it's pretty clear who is it. I don't need to see his face to tell he was none other than Liam Parker.31

He turned around slowly then rubbed his face with his hands, his hands went further through his wet hair. He was shirtless. This is the first time I have seen him shirtless. I couldn't help but check out the Greek God in front of me. His jawline perfect, and those sea-coloured eyes could make my heart flutter by just a single glance. My eyes then travelled down to his broad shoulders, then his muscular arms. My innocent eyes then fell on his chest, making me gulp hard. His abs, though I couldn't see them properly but by what I could see, Oh Jesus! His abs look so yummy. I licked my lips.128

"Dad!" that snapped me out of my dirty thoughts. I looked up to Liam, to see his signature smirk plastered on his face. I cleared my throat and looked away.15

"Dad, you are here too."+

"Ya baby." Then Liam eyed me and said "Thought it would help in relieving some stress."11

"Wow Dad! We are gonna swim together." Ryan said in excitement. Swimming from his side to Liam.4

Why the hell is he looking at me? +

Bella don't look at him, look away.+

I thought you were going crazy by not talking to him, but you will never accept that.+

I rolled my eyes.+

"Mommy you too come inside."+

My eyes widened. I shook my head "I am good."+

"Please Mommy, it will be fun and you will not drown. Dad is here to save you." I could see a slight smirk on his face.27

This kid is so evil.53

"No I-"+

"You can't swim?" Liam asked with a surprised look.18

They love making fun of me. "No. I can't and there are people who can't swim, you don't have to make fun of me." I said in an irritated tone.110

"I wasn't making fun of you. I would love to teach you."25

"Yay! Mommy problem solved. Dad will teach you swimming." Ryan said clapping his hands.3

He would what?+

Hell no! I am avoiding him since two fucking weeks and he wants to get close to me.35

"No. There's no need for that. I am fine with my feet on the floor."6

Liam and Ryan then looked at each other with an evil smirk.74

What the hell are they planning?+

Something is coming for sure.4

Ryan then sneezed. 7

Then one more.+

Another one.17

What is happening?+

"Baby, you okay?" I asked in a worried tone.+

"Y-yes *sneeze* I think so *sneeze* I'll just go *sneeze* back."2

"See I told you. You'll catch cold. But you never listen to me."+

"S-Sorry *sneeze*"49

He came up, I dried his hair and rubbed his body with a towel. I wrapped the towel around his body.+

"Bella." Liam called. I turned around to see him. He said again "Would like to join?"1

"Huh?" I asked in confusion. Liam smirked.2

Within seconds I was pushed from behind and I fell in the water. As soon as I fell in the water, Liam caught my waist and pulled me up to himself. I grabbed onto his shoulder for support and wrapped my legs around his waist.95

I began to panic. "L-Liam. Liam don't leave me please."+

"Liam I'll fall."2

"If I fall, I'll drown. Then drowning will lead to lack of breathing which will therefore result in death."55

"Oh Sweet Jesus! Please don't take me, I am still young." 12

"Liam, please. Don't you dare leave me."+

Ryan started laughing, I turned my head to him "Once I come out of here, I'll stuff four donuts in that mouth of yours." 17

Liam chuckled and Ryan started laughing harder holding his stomach. +

BELLA PARKER101

The next day, I woke up extra early. Earlier than Liam as I was so happy, I don't know why but I feel happy after last night. Okay, okay. I agree, ignoring Liam was a very bad idea.+

But you know what, I am happy. I am happy that at least we got closer to each other. +

After taking a bath, brushing my teeth I went downstairs. I saw Maria in the kitchen, I went to her and said "Good Morning."2

She looked at me in amazement. "Morning. How are you awake so early?"+

I giggled. "Can I prepare the breakfast today?"3

She eyed me suspiciously, I gave her a bright smile. "Sure, you can."+

Happily, I went in and started preparing the breakfast. After sometime Ryan and Liam came down. They sat on their usual places. +

Done.+

Phew! I have worked so hard today.27

"Here's your breakfast." I say placing the plate of food in front of them.+

"Is there something special?" Liam asked suspiciously.1

"No. Why do you ask?"+

"You are never up so early. And you look happy too. What's the matter?"+

I shook my head. "Nothing."+

"Mommy, no secrets." Ryan said again eyeing me suspiciously.1

I cleared my throat. "C-Can you both stop with those looks? What is your problem if I am happy?"+

Both of them were still looking at me with the same expression. "Ugh!! You both are irritating."2

I sat on the seat next to Ryan and started eating the food, happily.2

Ryan took a bite of the food then, moaned. "Mmm... Dad there is definitely something fishy. I am sure. The food too tastes awesome."45

What the hell is wrong with him!+

"Bella, will you tell us what is it?" Liam asked.7

"Jesus! You guys are unbelievable."2

Ryan giggled and Liam smirked. I continued eating the breakfast. After we were done, Liam got up from his seat and wore his coat. He picked up Ryan in his arms and kissed his cheek "Take care and don't be naughty."3

Ryan nodded obediently and kissed Liam's cheek.+

"Good boy." After setting Ryan back down, Liam turned to me and said "Take care."9

I too nodded. Umm... obediently.10

He then turned around. I frowned.+

What! No kisses for me?229

After he was gone, I was sitting in my room and looking out of the window. The whole day went by watching movies. Well, after we got scared that day, and got all scolding from Liam, we dropped the idea of watching horror movies. Ryan said we'll watch horror movies when Liam is home. So, now we are watching Avengers. This boy has got a new addiction of Avengers. He said he is going to watch all the Avenger series. We have watched Captain America, Iron Man and Thor and now we are on Avengers. It's fun watching movies with Ryan, he always gets irritated when I give spoilers and I love that. It's almost 5 and Ryan is in his room still sleeping. 102

Suddenly an idea popped in my head, how about we go out maybe to the park. It's nearby and Liam is not coming anytime soon. Ryan would be able to enjoy for sometime.85

Okay fine. But I think you should ask Liam first.51

Are you crazy? If I ask him, he'll say no and my baby will not be able to have fun.2

Oh really?+

Yeah.+

And if you don't ask him, he'll bury us alive.1

I know but I know this too that he'll never allow me to take Ryan out. So, no asking Liam.89

Why does all your ideas bring us a step closer to our death?39

Fuck off.12

Now let me go and wake Ryan up. +

Yeah our first step towards dying.6

I ignored her and went to Ryan's room. He was sleeping holding his Goofy. I smiled to myself looking at him. I went in and sat beside him. Slowly I started tracing my fingers through his hair.2

I bent down and kissed his forehead "Baby, get up it's late."+

Ryan slowly opened his eyes, then closed again due to the light. He sat and yawned then again opened his eyes. "Mommy." He said still in his sleepy voice.4

"You are finally awake. Let's take a day off from your studies and go out."1

His sleepy eyes shot open "Out!"1

"Yep. Me and you, to the park."67

He smiled and jumped out of the bed. "Mommy, just give me five minutes, I'll get ready."+

I laughed at his excitement.+

Then I went back to my room. Got ready and was looking at the mirror, when Ryan shouted my name. I asked him to wait then after 5 minutes he again shouted, this time whining.+

This boy is hella excited. Taking my clutch, I quickly ran out of the room. When I told Mark, our driver to take us to the park, he looked worried. He asked me that if I have asked Liam or not and I lied to him that I have and Liam has given us the permission.75

It looked like he didn't believe me but still he nodded and took us to the park. Now I was sitting on a bench in the park and Ryan was enjoying on the rides. I was so happy to see him like this. Seeing him happy and smiling makes my heart feel satisfied.+

"Mommy!" Ryan called me from the ride and waved at me, I waved back at him.+

Oh Fuck! +

My smile instantly faded away. +

I forgot to tell Maria. She was nowhere around and I didn't t-+

I was snapped out when my phone started ringing. I took out the phone from my clutch and looked at the caller id. I froze.+

"L-Liam. Shit!"11

I didn't pick up the call, but he kept calling me. The fifth time I picked it up.17

"Hey." I said in a nervous tone but trying my best to act normal.1

"Bella, where the fuck are you?" Liam's extremely angry voice came from the other side.4

"A-At home." Why did I had to stutter?+

"At which corner of the house are you exactly?"55

"I-In your o-office."+

"Really, exactly where are you hiding in my office?"4

"W-Why w-would I hide?"+

"Then why can't Maria find you and Ryan anywhere in the house. Not even in my office."+

I am so doomed.1

"L-Liam."+

"Bella, you are out with Ryan and on top of that you were not picking up my calls."+

BELLA PARKER48

After we reached home, Liam took Ryan straight to his room. He didn't let Ryan talk to me even once. I remained in the living room. Maria came in the living room after sometime, she sat beside me. +

"You okay, Bella?"+

I looked at her and said "I don't know what's gonna happen. I am so scared Maria, Liam is not talking to me. He said we'll talk later when we reach home, but every moment is killing me. I am so scared."2

I hugged her, crying.+

"You shouldn't have taken him out Bella. You should've asked Sir once."7

"I know. I know I should've, but I thought he wouldn't let us go, if I ask him. Then I couldn't find you anywhere and I went."14

She rubbed my back and said "Don't be scared Bella. It's okay."+

"How can I not be scared, he looked so angry."2

"Try to explain everything to him. I am sure he'll understand."9

"Maria, I made a very big mistake. Liam is not going to forgive me this easily. What will I do now?""You know he was so angry that he didn't let Ryan talk to me even once."+

"It's okay Bella."+

I kept sobbing, while she was trying to calm me down. After sometime, Liam came down, I stood up from the couch instantly, Liam stood in front of me. I looked at him with a scared look. He stared at my crying face for a minute, his face showed no emotion. His gaze then shifted from me to Maria and said "Ryan is alone in the room, can you stay with him for sometime." 9

Maria nodded, giving me an apologetic look, she went upstairs. I was about to apologise but Liam held my wrist and dragged me upstairs. Without fidgeting or saying anything, I kept walking. When we reached our room, Liam let go off my hand. He was holding it so tightly that I am damn sure that it might have got bruised. 26

I stood there sticking to the wall, while Liam was standing right in front of me with hands in his trousers pocket. His coat and tie were off, he was in a grey coloured shirt.6

"What was rule number 6 Bella? Do you remember?" Liam said in a calm voice.45

Calm before the storm.1

I nodded.+

"Good. What is it?" he asked.+

I started in an extreme low voice but enough for him to hear "T-That wherever I-"+

"Louder." He growled making me flinch out of fear. I gulped hard.81

"That wherever I take R-Ryan, I-I must inform y-you." This time I said it a little louder looking down.+

"Really? Was that it?"+

"N-No."+

"Then say the whole thing." +

"Wherever I take Ryan, I must inform you and if you say 'no' I s-should not take him there."+

Liam came closer to me and said "Was there any word in the sentence you couldn't understand properly?"78

Once I looked up at him, it scared the shit out of me, I immediately looked down. He looked so scary. I bit my lip, trying my best to not burst into tears. No one has ever scared me this much, not even Nanny.+

"I asked you something."+

"N-No."+

"THEN WHY THE FUCK DID YOU TAKE HIM OUT?" He yelled, causing me to jump on my place.87

"I-I am s-sorry."+

"Sorry? Really Bella. After everything, you have just a fucking sorry to say." He rubbed his face with one hand and then again looked at me.6

"Whatever I say, isn't a joke Bella. Those rules, weren't a joke. And all the time you break the rules. Previous times I let that go because I didn't want to fight with you, but you always force me to do that."+

I shook my head "N-No Liam."+

"Yes Bella. You saw Ryan today, you saw his condition. He is very sensitive Bella, he get panic attacks and these are not good, I think you know that pretty well. Still you have to make things difficult."35

"I-I just wanted h-him to enjoy and m-meet w-with other kids." +

"He has stayed so many years alone, why do you think that suddenly you can change everything?"17

"B-But at least we can t-try."1

"No we can't. Bella, I married you to take care of him, not to make things more complicated, not to cause him pain. Don't try to change our lifestyle. Because you can't."55

I nodded slowly. Liam then held my both arms and pulled me closer. His jaw clenched, my eyes widened by the look on his face, his eyes held pure anger "If anything happens to my son, I repeat anything at all, I swear Bella I will destroy you. He is my world and if he gets hurt next time because of you, I won't think twice to make your life hell."242

With that he left my arm, harshly and went out of the room. Leaning against the wall, I fell down to the floor. Pulling my legs close to my chest, I cried my heart out.78

After few minutes I felt a hand on my head. I raised my head to see who the person was, it was Ryan, standing in front of me with a sad look. Immediately, I wiped my tears and forced a smile.2

"Mommy, I am sorry." Ryan said with tears in his eyes.41

I shook my head "Why are you sorry? It was my fault, I should've asked Liam. Don't say sorry."3

"I know Dad said a lot of hurtful things to you because of me."10

"No. He didn't say anything." I pulled him to myself and made him sit on my lap.+

He sobbed "I know you are lying, I heard Dad yelling at you."23

I wiped his tears "Shh... Stop crying. You don't have to be sad. See Mommy is smiling." 1

I tried to smile brightly.4

He looked down, "I know Mommy, I am weak. I try to be brave but I always get scared and then I start shaking."45

I held him tightly "No baby. You are not weak, in fact you are the most strongest boy."27

"No. I am not. Today I got scared of those boys."1

"So? That doesn't make you weak. In fact those boys were weak, you know why?"+

"Why?" he asked curiously in his hoarse crying voice.+

"Because, they tried to bully a five year old boy who was all alone. Umm... how many of them were there?"+

"Eight."+

"See. Eight big ten year old boys and one five year old Ryan. Unfair right?"33

He nodded. +

"So... when my Ryan will grow up he will be able to fight all of them, alone. Like... Umm... Yes like Captain America."25

A bright smile plastered on his face. He then thought something then again frowned. "But Mommy, Captain America had a shield to fight with the bad people."7

"Ah yes! No problem, we'll get Ryan a shield too. Exactly like Captain America, then Ryan can also beat the bad people."+

He smiled. Then hugged me. "You are the best. I love you to infinity."2

"I love you to infinity square baby."59

Mommy is so sorry baby. Because of my carelessness you had to go through so much pain. I am sorry. Don't ever go away from me again. You are everything to me.2

I kissed his cheek. Then his stomach growled. "Hungry?" I asked.1

He nodded.+

"Okay. Mommy will prepare your favourite chicken today."3

"Really?" he asked in excitement.+

"Of course. Let's go."*******************+

After the dinner, I went with Ryan to his room. He laid on the bed hugging his Goofy, I told him a story. Slowly he fell asleep. Liam was still working in his office, so when Ryan was asleep I went to my room and took out the paper where I have written all the rules, I made a note of all his rules in a fresh paper and pasted it on my side of the closet.55

He wants me to follow the rules, fine I won't break any rule from next time be it anything. I went to the washroom and changed into my comfortable pyjamas. When I came out I saw Liam already laying on the bed eyes closed with hands resting on his temple. He was in his sweats and a t-shirt. +

When did he change? Anyways, you shouldn't care. +

Mind your own business Bels.+

I went straight to the bed and picked up a pillow and a blanket, then arranged it on the couch. I laid on the couch covering myself with the blanket.96

"What are you doing?" Liam asked suddenly.73

I looked up just to meet with his confused face. Sitting up on the couch I asked. "What?"+

"Why are you sleeping on the couch?"+

"Umm... it was in the rules."+

"So?" he asked with the same confused look.76

"What?"+

"It was in the rules so what?" 1

"You told me to follow the rules, so I am just doing that."110

He stared at me for few minutes. I looked down. "Bella, come back to the bed."100

Wait. He first said all those painful things and warned me that if I don't follow the rules he'll punish me and now he himself is saying to break a rule.2

Hell No!+

I shook my head. "No Liam, I don't want to get any punishments. I have had enough today, I can't bare anything else."47

He kept looking at me with the same emotionless face.1

"Good Night Liam." I said and laid back on the couch.146

***********************I am so evil. Right? I love when they fight. 😂197

Hope you guys liked the chapter.16

Don't forget to Vote and Comment.Stay safe!+

Love you all!❤️1

For those who wanted Liam's POV here we are.113

Happy reading!!*****************2

LIAM PARKER4

She laid back on the couch and I kept staring at her, confused. 1

Why is she being like this? She hated sleeping on the couch, right? Then why suddenly she is behaving like this?153

Whatever it is I should just ignore it.12

What she did today, after that I can't trust her.64

I laid back on the bed with hands resting on my temples. I don't know why but I was not able to sleep peacefully. I kept changing sides on the bed. In the end, I got up from the bed and went to check up on Ryan, to see if he is fine or not. Opening the door of his room, I saw my baby sleeping peacefully hugging his teddy.27

I smiled to myself. I went inside the room and sat beside him. +

Tracing my hand through his hair I said "Dad loves you baby. I will protect you with my life. I won't let that happen again, I am not like Brittany. Sorry, that I couldn't reach in time today and those boys bullied you, but from next time I promise I won't let anything like that happen to you."18

I kissed his forehead.+

I don't want him to go through any kind of pain again. He has gone through a lot, not anymore.+

Making my way out of his room, I came back to my room just to see Bella sleeping on the couch, uncomfortably. She kept moving and once it looked like she would fall from the couch any moment. I went to her and picked her up in bridal style and placed her on the bed. As soon as I placed her on the bed she hugged the pillow. 61

I smiled.91

I went to the other side and laid. When still I was unable to sleep. I pulled her close to me and wrapped my arm around her waist. Her head rested on my chest, I don't know what is it but when she sleeps like this it makes me feel happy. She smells so sweet.177

I can sleep peacefully now. ----------------------------------------------------------The next morning I woke up and found the bed empty beside me. I looked around the room, but she was nowhere. I got up from the bed and went to the washroom, doing all my morning stuffs when I came out the room was still empty. Getting ready for office, I went downstairs. 15

There she was, feeding Ryan. +

Isn't he big enough to eat the food on his own?66

I sighed and went to them, taking a seat in front of Ryan I greeted him. "Morning."+

"Good Morning Dad."+

Maria served me the breakfast, I kept looking at Bella wishing that she would look at me at least once, but she didn't. I started eating my food, whenever my eyes went to Bella I saw her either nodding to what Maria was saying or feeding Ryan. She didn't spare me even a single glance the whole time.180

Getting irritated by her behaviour I got up from my seat and picked my coat from the chair. I was about to leave when Maria called "Sir, breakfast."3

Without turning around I said "Not hungry anymore." With that I left.9

Driving my way to my company, I went in. I was fuming with anger all the time. 2

How does this girl always manage to piss me off?156

I reached my office, taking my seat I started working. Chloe, my assistant came in after few minutes. Discussing with her about my whole day schedule, I told her to bring me a coffee. I really need a coffee right now.7

Spending all my time thinking about Bella I felt guilty for what I said to her yesterday. She didn't do that purposely. But me being me, I lost my mind that time and scolded her. 104

Finally, when it was the time of a meeting I decided to take her out of my head and just focus in the meeting. But who was I kidding here, she doesn't want to get out of my head. The whole time I was in the meeting I was just thinking about her and my employees were looking at me with a surprised look as I have never been so lost during any meeting. 4

She's driving me crazy.9

I cancelled all my other meetings. I was not in a condition to attend any other. +

Okay fine, I'll apologise to her once I reach home. I'll say sorry to her, I am sick and tired of feeling so guilty. If a sorry can solve this, then be it like that. 68

After sometime, my phone rang. I looked at the caller id saw it was Bella. A stupid grin spread on my lips, I picked up the call. 1

"Yes." I said in a stern voice.18

"Liam, this is me Bella." Finally, her voice. Since morning this is the first time I have heard her voice.+

"Yeah, I know." I said in the same stern tone.+

"Liam, actually I needed to go out to the store, I have somethings to buy. Can I go? I promise I won't take Ryan. He will stay at home with Maria."86

Okay... so why is she asking me?153

Ha! How can I forget, I myself made those stupid rules.74

"Liam." I was snapped out of my thoughts when she called me.1

Clearing my throat, I said "Yeah."+

"Can I go?" she asked again.+

A thought crossed my mind.+

If I say 'no' then she'll try to convince me and I would love to hear that. All her complains about me and non-stop talkings when she wants something.93

"No. You can't. You can send Maria." I said.29

She didn't say anything for few minutes. I waited patiently for her to start talking and fighting me, with that silly grin on my face. 12

She finally said "Okay." With that she hung up.379

"What?" I looked at my phone. 19

"Did she just hung up?"86

I stared at my phone in disbelief.3

"You got to be kidding me right now."67

I stood up from my seat. I was beyond pissed this time. I threw everything that was on my table in frustration.16

"You are really testing me Bella."146

I went out of my office, I saw Chloe in her office. I went in and said "I am leaving. Get my office cleaned up."12

She stood up from her seat and said "Sir at what time you'll return."+

"Tomorrow." I said.28

"But Sir where are you going, it's just lunchtime now." she said.+

"I don't think I have to answer you that. I don't pay you to ask me questions."15

She looked down and said "Sorry Sir."33

I rolled my eyes and left.9

Driving my way back home, I went in. Searching in the living room, kitchen, I found Bella nowhere. Not even Ryan. I kept my coat on the couch, opened the first two buttons of my shirt.+

BELLA PARKER29

What just happened?4

I stood there frozen.+

"Mommy." Ryan called but I was still frozen. "Mommy what did Dad say?"1

I kept looking in the direction where Liam just went "He didn't say much. But he did so much."65

"What? Mommy what did he do?" 1

I looked at Ryan, then again where I was looking, I touched my lips. "Something unexpected."1

"What are you saying? I can't understand anything."1

"He-" I looked at him, then suddenly something strike my mind. My eyes widened. I slapped my mouth.3

What am I doing? I was going to tell him that his Daddy Dear just kissed me.2

Stupid Bels.+

"He?" Ryan asked.1

"He did n-nothing. Nothing. Go back to your room."3

With that I ran from there and came to the kitchen. I touched my chest, to feel my heart racing. 1

Is this a dream?8

Or did he really kiss me?3

He also said sorry to me.1

"No. No. No. He didn't kiss me right?"3

Shut up bitch. He did.17

"But he himself said that I was only Ryan's mother and no one to him. Then why? Ugh! This man is so confusing."68

Do you know what exactly do you want from your life? At first when you came to know that he didn't kiss you, you were sad and now when he really kissed you, you are still sad. And you call him confusing.47

I am not sad.+

Oh so you are happy.2

I didn't say that I was happy.5

I am so done with you. Bye Bels.43

Maybe I am happy, but he didn't say anything like he loves me or something.+

Patience Bels, one step at a time.15

Yeah okay. +

"Oh Jesus! I feel so hot." I said fanning myself with my hands.1

"Bella." Maria called. I turned to her and saw Ryan sitting on the kitchen stool eyeing me, trying to figure out something. I looked away from him and focused on what Maria was saying.+

"Yes."+

"Why is your face red?" she asked.10

"Huh?" I asked in confusion and touched my face.+

"Mary, Mommy is not telling me what did Dad do. Can you tell me what did Dad do?" Ryan said still eyeing me.19

Maria too eyed me then she smirked "No wonder why has her face turned so red."89

I looked away from her and covered my face with my hands.+

Calm down Bels. Deep breathe.+

Breathe in.+

Breathe out.+

Relax.+

"L-let's have the l-lunch." I said.+

Maria smirked and said "Ryan go and call Dad."70

Now she is teasing me. I looked away trying to calm myself down. Ryan ran to call Liam, Maria started laughing looking at me.2

1 WEEK LATER....52

Liam has been busy this whole week. He has some important things going on in his company. Half of the time when he is home he is in his office. After that kiss, me and Liam we didn't get much time to talk alone. But whenever we were alone, I tried to avoid talking to him.28

Today is Sunday and Liam is home but he is as usual in his office. Tomorrow is my baby's 6th birthday and I have not bought any gifts for him. I have to buy something for him, but Liam. Will he allow me to go out alone?24

I have to ask him.+

I walked to his office, standing in front of the door, I took deeps breaths calming myself down. Finally taking one last deep breath I knocked his office door. 2

Bels baby, stop being nervous and just talk to him. Do it for your baby. 5

When he said 'come in' I went in. As soon as I entered the room, I saw Liam standing leaning against his desk and reading the file that was in his hand. I stopped on my tracks, looking down I bit my lips. 4

This is so awkward.+

"Bella I don't have the whole day for you." Liam said without looking up.29

"Umm... Liam, can I go out for a while?" I asked nervously wondering whether he would allow me to go or not.+

"No." He said simply.7

I frowned. "But why?"2

He finally looked up to me from his dear file, and said "Because I said so."33

What does that mean?+

"Bu-"+

"Bella didn't you say that you will follow all the rules?"173

"Yeah I did. But you yourself got all pissy pissy when I followed those shitty rules of yours."39

Liam glared at me "Language Bella."12

And the oh so saint Liam Parker is back. What about that time when he himself cursed?2

"So in the whole world only you have the right to curse. What about 'fuck the rules'?" I snapped at him mimicking what he said last time.37

Liam looked at me with his eyebrows furrowed. I gulped hard but I won't give up. He then closed his file and started coming towards me. I stood still in my position trying to act brave. Finally, he stood in front of me with hands in his sweat pockets, he just stared at my face for sometime, more like trying to read my mind "What's with all the snapping today?"6

"I have to buy something. Wait. Not just something but so many things. So many many things." I said with my eyes wide remembering, how much work I have to do. 1

"And what exactly are the 'so many many things'?" Liam asked me.2

I thought for a moment. "Umm... first I have to go to the shop and buy all the ingredients to make cake, then all the ingredients for making grilled chicken wings, umm... ya then some nice gift, umm.... Then I have t-" Liam cuts me off.+

"Wait. What are you saying?"2

"What?"+

"Cake? Gifts?"26

"Ya. Oh I forgot, you have to order a cake, quite big, with a good design on it and the flavour will be chocolate chocochip." He continued giving me confused looks, then it suddenly strike me, my eyes widened "NO WAY IN HELL." I yelled.6

He forgot.+

"Stop shouting."+

"Are you serious Liam?"+

BELLA PARKER82

"Bella, why the hell are you still awake?" Liam asked in an irritated tone, when he saw me moving back and forth in the room. +

"Shush." I said him signalling with my hand, to keep quiet. "Be quiet. I have to wish Ryan."3

"He is sleeping Bella. You can do it tomorrow."+

"You are not serious? You do not wish him at 12 am?"52

"No, because he sleeps at that time."3

"You know what, you have some serious problems. You have my sympathy."105

Liam rolled his eyes. I ran to him and pulled his hand. "What are you doing?" he asked confused by my action.+

"Come on get up and take that chocolate too. Fast!" +

"Okay. Okay slow down." Liam got up from the bed taking the chocolate bar that we bought today. I dragged him to Ryan's room. We stood in front of the door.+

"Okay, just 1 minute to go." Liam rolled his eyes, I giggled. +

"And it's 12. Let's go." I barged in the room. I sat beside Ryan, on the bed where he was sleeping. Tracing my fingers through his hair I said "Baby. Wake up." But of course my baby is a deep sleeper, so he didn't wake up at the first two times when I called him then at the third time, finally he tried to open his eyes. He rubbed his eyes with his hands and looked at me. 4

"Mommy?" he asked in confusion. +

I smiled at him and took the chocolate bar from Liam "Happy Birthday Baby!" 56

It took a minute for Ryan to process what's going on then when he finally realised, his face lit up. He took the chocolate from my hand and said "Thank you Mommy." I kissed his cheek.1

Liam then sat beside Ryan, he picked Ryan up on his lap and kissed his cheek. "Happy Birthday Champ." +

Ryan kissed Liam on his cheek and replied "Thanks Dad."+

"Oh My Jesus! My baby is now 6 year old." I said.67

Ryan giggled.+

"So tomorrow, what are we gonna do?" I asked.6

Ryan looked at Liam and said "We just go to some restaurant."+

"Really! Hmm... that's so boring. But since I am here, we are not gonna do that boring stuff."2

A smile appeared on Ryan's face "Then?"+

"Patience baby. It will be a surprise."+

Ryan frowned "But-"+

"No buts. Go to sleep now." I looked at Liam and said "Liam, why are you making my baby stay awake for so long. He needs some sleep. Pchh."112

Liam eyed me. I giggled. He then placed Ryan back on the bed, when Ryan was comfortable to sleep, I kissed his forehead "Goodnight."+

"Goodnight Mommy."+

The next day, I didn't let Liam go for his work, though he tried a lot by dangerously glaring at me giving me scary looks. I was now in the kitchen making cake for dessert and also chicken. Let me tell you, he loves to eat chicken. I was busy with my work when I heard someone clearing his throat. I turned around to see it was Liam. He came near and stood beside me.14

"Need some help?" He asked.8

"Hell no! Last time, you destroyed my three cupcakes. I am not making that mistake again."7

"Okay... you can't blame me, that was a shitty job."11

I glared at him "Language Mr. Parker." Liam rolled his eyes. "By the way weren't you supposed to look after Ryan?"24

"Oh that, he is happy with his teddy and cars so I thought why to disturb him."2

"And you came here to disturb me." 11

I focussed on my work but I could feel his eyes on me. "Do you mean I am disturbing you? Oh I am so hurt Mrs. Parker." He said clutching his chest.121

I smiled to myself, looking at him. He called me Mrs. Parker. "Okay. Okay stop overreacting. What do you want?"3

"Want to help you or it'll be only you who will get all the credits and Ryan's kisses."22

"So, The Liam Parker is jealous of me. Oh Sweet Jesus! I love this day."3

He rolled his eyes, I laughed. "Okay, I'll do the vegetable chopping." Liam said, picking up the knife.9

I eyed him.+

"What? You still have doubts about my cooking?"+

I nodded.+

"You remember, that day I made the breakfast and the chocolate mousse too. You ate it happily."2

I shrugged. He was going to say something but then stopped and started chopping the vegetables. I like this side of him, it's so fun to see him like this. I kept staring at him with a smile while he was focussed on chopping the vegetables. I guess he felt my gaze he turned his face to me and asked "Why are you staring at me?"+

"It's nice." I replied.+

"What's nice?" He asked in confusion.+

"This sweet side of yours that you don't show to anyone."+

"I am not sweet." He said getting angry.68

"Yes you are Mr. Parker. Now come on, do it fast we have to complete everything till the evening."--------------------------------------------------------------"Done!" Liam exclaimed. "This looks so good. I am so good at this."1

"You are so bad. You are taking all the credits for yourself." I frowned fighting him.+

"Of course, I did everything. While you were just busy with that dessert cake."1

Bloody liar.8

I did everything, the dessert, the chicken, the pizza and the noodles too. He was just chopping the vegetables for half an hour and then he stood there doing completely nothing. The thing he did was only chopping and serving.45

"I'll go and bring Ryan." With that he left leaving me shocked in the kitchen. +

I went upstairs and wore a nice dress, went to take Ryan's gift. I am sure he'll love it. "BELLA." I heard Liam's voice from downstairs.2

I sighed. Let me tell you this man has gone crazy today. But I love this side of his. I ran downstairs hiding the gift behind me. When I reached down I saw Liam's father, and mother both sitting on a couch with Ryan on Mom's lap and a guy too who was talking to Liam.21

Who is this guy?7

"Ah! Bella, you are here." Mom said making Ryan look at me. He jumped from Mom's lap and came running to me. But he stopped when he realized that I was hiding something. "Mommy what are you hiding."+

Liam came forward and said "Something she thinks you'll like very much."1

"Really!" he said with a happy face and I glared at Liam.+

"So" I kneeled down in front of me and first gave him the car. "See."4

He opened the gift and then his mouth hung open with wide eyes. "Remote control car!" he exclaimed in happiness. "Wow! This is so amazing. I wanted this for so long, this is like Batman's car."64

BELLA PARKER4

"What did Mom say to you?" Liam asked. We were in our room now, Ryan was already asleep. +

"Umm... Nothing just somethings about Ryan."+

"Bella. I saw her crying. I am not stupid."13

I don't want to hurt him, by telling him about his sister, why doesn't he ever understand anything.2

"Liam please. I don't want to talk about this." I said turning around so that he can't see my face.+

But this is Liam Parker we are talking about here.2

He came to me and stood in front of me, he lifted my chin and scanned my face "You okay right?"27

I don't know why but I felt the sudden urge to hug him. And without even thinking twice I hugged him. He did not expect that and was shocked for a minute, but then his hand came to my waist pulling me closer. My head rested on his chest, and I closed my eyes. 35

Can't the time just stop here? With me in his arms. 5

Nothing but just us.+

Him and I.30

Liam and Bella.+

"Bella?" he called.+

My hold became tighter around him. "Please stay like this. For some more time." After that he didn't say anything and stayed in the same position. +

He then pulled away from the hug though I didn't want to. He picked me up in his arms in bridal style, I wrapped my arms around his neck. He started walking towards the bed, laying me down on the bed he said "You have done a lot of work today. You need to rest."45

Kissing my forehead, he got up. I held his hand "Stay."67

What is wrong with me? This is so not like me.2

He nodded his head. I shifted to one side making space for him. He laid beside me, pulling me closer to himself. My hands rested on his chest and his hands were on my waist. I closed my eyes, enjoying this feeling, enjoying the warmth. I feel so comfortable.21

I don't remember when did I drifted off to sleep. The next morning I woke up, Liam was not beside me. When I went down for breakfast, he wasn't there too. It was just me and Ryan. Maria told me that Liam had some meeting in his office so he went early. 17

I was sitting in the living room with my phone in my hand. It has been so long since I last spoke to her, I hope she is fine. I think I shouldn't think so much, Liam said that she is fine. I trust him.+

"Bella." Someone called. I turned around to see Maria standing with a file in her hand. I got up from the couch and went to her.2

"You need something?" I asked.+

"Bella, actually Sir forgot this important file at home, he called now. He need this urgently. Can you please go and give it to him?"54

"I can Maria but I can't leave Ryan alone. Liam will get angry."+

"He won't. He himself asked you to bring that file to him."130

"Really?"+

"Yeah. So Bella, take this and please go to his company. There is the driver outside to take you."3

I nodded and took the file from her. I went to my room and got dressed up, then went outside, I saw Mark waiting for me. I sat inside the car and he started driving.17

When we reached Liam's company, I got down. Mark said "Ma'am I'll be waiting for you."+

"Okay." I said with a light smile.+

I made my way inside the company. I was about to go to the reception when someone called me. +

"Bella?" I turned around to see who was it.+

I froze on my place, seeing the person standing in front of me. Tears started forming in my eyes. I hate him. I hate him so much.47

"Bella." He said and started coming towards me. +

"S-Stay away from me Steve." I said in a scared voice. 79

"Bella, listen to me." he said coming near me.+

"I said stay away." I said in a loud voice. Everyone passing by stopped and looked at us, those who were working stopped their work and looked at us.2

Steve looked around and then said "Bella, let's talk."9

"I don't want to talk to you." With that I was about to leave when Steve held my hand and dragged me with him. "Steve leave my hand." I said trying to get out of his tight grip, but he was too strong. "Let me go please."3

When we were outside the company, he stopped. "Bella, listen to me, that day whatever happened I-I know I did wrong. I-I shouldn't have done that. But I was drunk Bella and I lost it."48

"Really Steve?" I scoffed. "I don't need any explanation from you, I thought you'd help me as a friend but you, you are a monster." +

"No Bella, I am sorry. I am really sorry for whatever I did-" I cut him off.+

"No you're not. Since college I thought that you are my friend, but you never thought me as your friend, you just wanted my body. That's it."+

"No."+

"Yes Steve. I can't forgive you. I am sorry." I was about to leave when again he held my hand and turned me around. "Let me go."3

He pulled me closer to him and pinned my hand behind my back. I tried to fight him, but failed. "Yes you are right, I came close to you just for one reason. But you always kept me in the friend zone. Why Bella? Don't you feel anything for me."38

I was trying my best to get away from him. I felt so helpless at that moment, I felt so weak. I was angry at myself thinking that once I called this asshole my best friend.3

"You are such an asshole."1

"I just want you baby. Just once. You and me just one night."150

"Let me go Steve. Please."+

"Let her go." A voice came from behind me and listening to that voice I felt myself relaxing.94

Liam.4

Steve looked at the person and instantly he left my hand. I turned around to look at Liam, my eyes were teary, Liam just stared at me blankly. He made his way towards us and stood in front of Steve. +

Liam scanned Steve and asked "You are?"+

"Mr. Parker, we haven't met yet. I am Steve Williams. I work in your company, in the IT Department" Steve replied.178

What the fuck! No.+

"You do?" Liam asked him again, in a calm voice.+

"Yes Mr. Parker. It's a pleasure to meet you Sir."+

Liam smiled and said "Can't say the same." Liam then looked at me and asked Steve "And who is she to you?"+

Steve looked at me nervously and replied "Just an old friend."1

Liam asked me with the same calm voice "Are you?"+

His eyes were not leaving mine. I can't tell him about me and Steve. I think I shouldn't. And even if I tell him, what will he do, nothing. He doesn't even care.33

LIAM PARKER46

Shit!1

Shit! +

Shit!2

What have I done? These days I am really losing my mind.+

Why can't I control myself in front of her? And this jealousy... Fuck!36

I was in a meeting in some restaurant, when Maria called me and said that Bella, will be coming to give me the file. After finishing the meeting, I made my way to the company, but when I reached I saw Bella with some guy. She was talking to him, then he pulled her close to him. Seeing them, anger rose in me. I just wanted to kill that man.9

But when I went closer to them, I saw Bella fidgeting, like she was trying to move away from him. When I heard his name from her, I remembered that he was that guy who once tried to rape her, and also who she called her best friend.8

I know that she hates him, but then again seeing him holding her so close got me jealous. That was the reason why I kissed her like that, in the elevator.7

I couldn't control myself and I kissed her. She was shocked by my actions, she didn't expect that. But when she bites her lips, I just lose my control. That day too and today also.43

But there is just one thing that is scaring me, what if after knowing the truth she leaves. Maybe she'll not leave, she'll stay for Ryan. But what if, after knowing the truth she doesn't talk to me, what if she hates me. 251

I took a deep breath and rubbed my face with my hands "I don't even want to think about it."+

More than Ryan needs her, I need Bella. 21

I need her in my life. 14

So, the only thing I could do is not tell her anything. I have to keep it a secret, and I will. I can't let her know anything about it.124

I came out of my thoughts by a knock on the door. I went and sat back on my chair and muttered 'come in'.+

Asher came in. Asher is the one whom I have set up near Bella's house. He is one of my most trusted men. Seeing him I got a little tensed up.+

"What is it?" I asked him.+

"Sir I got to know about something." He said.+

"What?"+

"Sir you asked me to look into the matter of Mrs. Adams and her son."5

I nodded.+

"Sir, this time he lost a huge amount on gambling and he had no place to hide, so he came back to Mrs. Adams."10

"But why did she allow him?"+

"That's because he blackmailed her."8

"Blackmailed her? How?" I asked in confusion.+

"He knows the truth Sir." My eyes widened.186

"No." I shook my head.+

"Yes Sir he does and she didn't want Mrs. Parker to know about the truth. So she let him stay with her and also gave him the money he wanted."7

"Fuck. I messed up everything." I said running my hands through my hair.14

Then suddenly Asher's phone rang. He picked up the call and I could tell it wasn't anything good.+

He then looked at me still with the phone in his hand and said "Sir we have a problem." +

"What problem?"2

"Mrs. Adams."+

I rose up from my seat. "What happened to her?" +

He then gave me his phone, to talk to the guy on the other side.+

"Sir, Mrs. Adams is in the hospital."55

"Hospital?" I asked in confusion.1

"Yes sir, the neighbour found her unconscious in their house. The doctor said that she took overdose of her sleeping pills."81

No.+

Shit.+

"How is she now?"+

"Sir, according to the doctors, she doesn't have much time."80

"What do you mean by she doesn't have much time? Where were you all? I asked you all not to fucking leave that place."+

"Sir, it was she who send us away to get her son."+

"Get her son?"+

"Yes sir. He ran away with all her money."49

I took a deep breath. +

"What about him? In the end did you all got him?"+

"S-Sir we were chasing him. But now, we can't find him." 4

"What do you mean you can't find him?" I asked in a loud voice.3

"Sir we are trying, but we are not able to track him."+

I rubbed my temple with one hand, I was still talking to him on the phone. 9

This all is going out of my hands. +

Then suddenly a thought crossed my mind "Bella."1

Shit!+

I asked the guy "Does Bella know about this?"+

"No Sir, not yet. But their neighbour is going to call her."+

"Do one thing, ask her not to tell Bella that Mrs. Adams doesn't have much time."62

"Okay Sir." I hung up.+

I have to go to her. Picking up my coat from the chair I wore it and told Asher "Keep searching Seth, I am sure he has something to do with all this."5

Asher nodded.+

I stopped and looked at Asher "Don't mess things up more Asher. I want Seth."3

"Y-Yes Sir."+

I went out of my office. +

I have to reach Bella, before she gets to know about this.------------------------------------------------------------BELLA PARKER+

When I came back from Liam's office I saw Ryan dancing in the living room. I just stared at him, with a smile. He has changed so much in these few days and I am glad. Finally, he is out from that boring life. +

"Mommy!" he shouted when he saw me. "Mommy come on dance with me this is so much fun." He said still dancing.4

I was about to go when my phone rang. I saw the caller id. It was Nanny. My face instantly lit up.+

I knew she wouldn't be able to stay without talking to me.+

I picked up the call. "Nanny I knew you would call. I-" +

"Bella, this is me Lily." Lily is one of our neighbour in the apartment where Nanny is.+

"Lily? Why are you calling? And where's Nanny?" I asked in confusion.+

"Bella, Mrs. Adams is.." she stopped, she didn't say anything and started crying.2

"What? Where is she?" I asked again.+

Something is not right. I can feel it.+

"S-She is in the hospital."+

"H-Hospital? Why? Did someone get hurt? She is there for someone, right?"+

"No Bella, I don't know what happened, but when I came to see her, s-she was lying on the ground, unconscious."8

I felt my heart shattered.+

No.2

No.+

No.+

"W-What did the doctor s-say?" I asked.+

"They took her to the emergency room, they are treating her. Please come quickly."+

"Y-Yes."+

I could feel tears rolling down my cheeks. +

No. She is brave, nothing can happen to her. She will fight whatever it is. +

I know.+

She will definitely make it. She has to make it for me. 4

"Mommy?" I looked down to see Ryan standing in front of me.+

I kneeled down, he touched my cheek and said "You are crying?"+

I wiped my tears and shook my head, I tried but I couldn't stop them they kept flowing.+

"B-Baby, Mommy have to go. Stay in the h-house, I'll come soon. Stay with Maria, okay?" I said in a broken voice.+

"But why are you crying?"+

"It's nothing. You don't have to worry about it." I said with a forced smile on my face. +

"Bella?" I looked up to see Maria standing in front. I got up and went to her.+

"I have to go Maria, I don't know what happened, but Nanny is in the hospital. I have to go. Please take care of him."+

She looked shock. "Is she okay?"+

"I-I don't know." I said, now with more tears rolling down my cheeks.+

She hugged me and said "It's okay Bella. She'll be fine."5

I nodded.+

I looked down at Ryan, who was looking at me with a sad look. Picking him up in my arms I said "Baby, take care."1

He kissed my cheek "You take care."3

I nodded. "Bye."+

Putting him down, I ran out of the house.+

*******************😭😭😭6

Let's not keep you all in cliffhanger ...Double updates🤞11

Don't forget to Vote and Comment.+

Stay safe!Love you all!❤ +

LIAM PARKER98

Reaching the hospital, I asked at the reception about Mrs. Adams's room number. When I reached near the room I saw a doctor coming out of Mrs. Adams's room.16

I went go the doctor "Doctor, how is Mrs. Adams?" 1

The doctor looked at me "Liam Parker?"+

I nodded "Yeah."+

"You are her relative?" He asked.+

"Yeah. How is she?"1

"I am sorry Mr. Parker but we couldn't save her." He patted my shoulder.282

My mind went blank at that time. I knew her condition was critical but I didn't expect this to happen so soon.+

"We tried our best Sir but we couldn't." He said again.7

I nodded with a clenched jaw.+

I was angry, angry at myself that I couldn't keep the promise I made to Bella. I couldn't save the person who meant world to her.+

"There is a girl sitting inside. She says the lady was her Nanny." The doctor said.+

"Yeah, she is my wife."7

"Take care of her. She needs you now."2

I nodded. The doctor left, I was making my way inside but then I stopped in front of the door.+

No. I can't do this.5

I can't face her.+

I promised her that I'll do everything I can to save her Nanny, but I failed to keep my promise. I can't see her breaking down, but I can't leave her either. I can't leave her alone, she needs me now.24

Slowly I made my way inside, seeing the sight in front of me, my heart sank. 1

Bella.3

There she was holding Mrs. Adams's hand and talking to her while crying.+

"Nanny, I promise I-I won't leave you again. Nanny please get up." She said to her in a broken voice40

"Okay... fine I-I am not angry. I am sorry, for not calling you, for not coming back. You know I have so many t-things to tell you. Please just wake up. You have not even met Ryan properly. And what about me? T-The cookies, who will make the cookies for me, who'll take care of me, who'll scold me. Nanny please get up. I am sorry for everything I have done, but please get up." 178

She started crying more. Looking at her I felt tears forming in my eyes.29

Fuck! I can't see her like this.+

"Mr. Parker?" a lady who was standing beside Bella said when she saw me. +

Bella raised her head to look at me, she just stared at me with tears flowing continuously from her eyes. Then finally she broke the eye contact and looked back at her Nanny. +

I didn't have the courage to go near her, to comfort her. Hell! I can't see her like this. I can't see the girl who taught me how to smile again, breaking in front of me. 16

It hurts.23

-------------------------------------------------------------After finishing all the paper works in the hospital, we were going back home. Though Bella didn't want to leave Mrs. Adams, she had to. The whole time we were in the hospital, Bella didn't say a single word. She kept crying. 1

When we were about to enter the car, I held her hand "Bella."+

She didn't say anything, she kept looking in front. +

Broken. +

I know she is hurt but she can't be like this. 14

"Bella say something. Please."1

"What do you want me to say Liam? S-She is no more. She is not coming back to me. I-I lost her Liam, forever." She again broke down into tears.1

"Bella." I held her hand.+

"No." She pulled away her hand from me and pushed me away from herself. "You lied to me Liam. You lied to me. You said that you'll protect her. You said that you won't let anything happen to her. I trusted you Liam."157

I know.+

"I-I tried Bella." 3

She shook her head. "No."+

She started hitting my chest with her hands "I trusted you."32

"Bella."+

She kept hitting me. +

"I hate you."47

"I hate you."+

"I hate you."+

"I hate you."62

She stopped hitting me and hid her face on my chest crying her heart out. I wrapped my hands around her waist.30

"Why did she had to go Liam? Why?"17

I didn't know what to say. I stayed quiet, hugging her. I didn't know how to comfort her, how to calm her down. +

I don't think that I can calm her down even if I try. How can she not cry? She was everything to her.+

Pulling away from the hug, I wiped her tears but they just weren't stopping. I opened the door for her she sat down. I went to my side.+

While we were going home, she already fell asleep while crying. When we finally reached, I picked her up in my arms and went inside. Laying her on the bed, I went downstairs, asking Maria to serve food for Bella, I took the food to our room. When I entered the room, she was not on the bed. I looked around to see her standing in front of the window, looking out.2

Taking a deep breath I called her "Bella."+

She didn't reply.+

Keeping the food on the table, I went to her. I stood behind her but she didn't turn around. Pulling her arm I made her look at me. I cupped her face in my hand "Bella, you need to eat something."+

She shook her head, with tears rolling down her cheeks.+

"Your Nanny wouldn't like to see you in this condition. Would she?"15

She looked down.+

"And she will always stay with you Bella."28

"I am not a kid Liam. You can't say these things to me."18

"Okay you are not a kid. But right now you need to eat something, or you'll get sick. Please Bella just have something. You have not eaten anything since morning."5

"I am not hungry."3

"Yes you are." I held her hand and walked towards the couch. I made her sit on the couch and sat beside her, she placed her head on my shoulder and wrapped her hands around my arm while I was feeding her. After feeding her I carried her to the bed and laid her down. I was about to leave when she held my hand and said "Liam. Will you please take me to the apartment tomorrow?"2

Though I didn't want to but I nodded. She would feel sad if she goes there but then she was her Nanny.+

"But after the funeral." I said.10

Closing her eyes she tried to sleep, I sat on the couch looking at her making sure that she doesn't think much. When I saw she was asleep, I went out of the room and made my way towards Ryan's room. When I entered I saw Ryan sitting on the bed with his teddy in his hand and lost in his dreamland. I went closer to him and picked him up making him snap out of whatever he was thinking. +

I settled him on my lap, and asked "What is it? Why are you sad?"+

He shook his head. +

"Ryan, what is it?"+

"Dad, Mommy is sad."39

"Yes, she is. But she is hurt."+

"Why is she hurt? Did something happen to her Nanny?" He asked worriedly. 3

I took a deep breath then picked him up in my arms making my way towards the window. 1

"You see the stars up there?"44

He nodded. +

"They are beautiful right?"+

He nodded again.+

"So the thing is that, Mommy's Nanny is now one of them."117

"You mean one of the stars?" He asked.+

I nodded "She'll be watching Mommy from up there."+

"Really?" He then thought something. "She'll be watching all of us too?"1

"Yes. Everyone."+

"Then Dad, Why is Mommy sad?"+

"Can you touch the stars?"71

"No."+

"So Mommy is sad because she can't touch her Nanny now, she can't hug her or kiss her. Her Nanny is now a long distance away from her."193

He nodded with a sad face.+

"But you know what only one person can make her feel better."+

His face lit up "Really? Who's it?"+

"You."1

"Me?" +

I nodded. "Mommy loves you Ryan. She can never be sad if Ryan talks to her."+

He nodded. "Then I'll go and talk to her."+

He was about to jump from my arms when I stopped him. "Not now. Mommy is asleep now. Maybe tomorrow."+

He nodded.+

"But you can do one thing."1

"What?"+

"You can go and sleep with Mommy."89

A wide smile plastered on his face. +

"So let's go." I took him to our room. He laid beside Bella, then looked at her. Switching off the lights I went and laid beside Ryan.1

He kissed Bella's cheek. "I love you to infinity Mommy."67

I smiled. +

"Now come on, sleep." I said.+

He nodded and held Bella. 3

****************Oh God!! This hurts so much😭93

Hope you guys liked the chapter.22

Don't forget to Vote and Comment.+

Stay safe!Love you all!❤ +

BELLA PARKER69

It has been a week now, without her and I am trying, I am trying my best to let go of the past and start fresh but I just can't. I feel so lonely. I am always in my room, sitting at one corner or in front of the window staring outside, holding the letter.+

That letter.+

Her last letter that she wrote to me before she died.33

When I went that day, to the apartment everything was a mess. After keeping everything in the correct place, when I was in my room, the room that I used to stay in, I found this letter in my drawer. It was like, she knew I would come and open it, that's why she kept it there.+

I didn't have the courage to read the letter there, so I brought it home and when I was alone in my room, I opened it and read it.+

My sweetheart, 6

I can never forget the day when I first found you, I was so happy. Just one smile of yours made me the happiest person in this world. I know because of me, you had to face a lot of problems, but Bella, you didn't complain even a single time. You are the most precious thing I have ever got. 69

Baby there are things that I couldn't tell you, things that are better if they are kept hidden. You are happy Bella, this is the happiness that I always wished for you and you got that, after so many years. I know the marriage was not out of love but Bella, just give it sometime I am sure you'll find love in him. The world is really cruel baby, you got such a happy family don't ever leave them. Liam is the one for you Bella, the one to keep you happy and I know this. Don't ever let him go. There are problems, but we have to face them a little thoughtfully and together. 16

I am so sorry for that day. I was so rude to you, but Bella I had some reason to do that. Please forgive me. And Bella, don't cry so much, I wouldn't like it. I don't like the sad and the crying Bella, she is so ugly. 145

Nanny is tired now Bella, she needs some rest.77

Just remember one thing always, I love you. Nanny loves you Bels and she'll always be with you.16

-Love Nanny81

I read the letter again and again since that day I got it and everytime I read it, everytime I start crying. I try to stop myself from crying but I just can't. I miss her so much.29

Same as the other days, I was sitting in front of the window and staring outside, while tears rolling down my cheeks. The door of the room opened. I knew who it would be so I didn't turn around. Since that day, Ryan comes to my room and tries to make me smile, but when he fails he goes back again. I have given him some pale smiles but still he understands and leaves me alone. Today too he had come at least seven times to see me or to give my food. But after doing that he left. So it would not be him now, of course it's Liam.4

I could hear footsteps coming closer.+

"Bella." +

I didn't turn to see him neither did I reply. He sighed then came closer to me. Taking both my hands in his he kneeled down in front of me. 1

"You can't always stay like this Bella. I understand that she was everything to you but Bella, now you have to move on. It's enough."136

I was just listening to him tears were continuously flowing down from my eyes.+

"Bella this is life, the people we love doesn't stay with us forever. I understand your pain. I do. But you can't end your life like this."49

"You don't understand my pain Liam. You don't. Nobody can understand my pain." I said getting up from where I was sitting, and was about to leave when he held my hand, slowly he got up and turned to me, my back was facing him.78

"I do Bella." He said in a broken voice. I turned around to see his eyes were filled with tears. "I've lost someone too Bella." He then looked down smiling "Someone who I loved more than anyone in this world."3

"Y-Your sister?" I asked.4

He looked up with his eyebrows furrowed "Who told you?"2

"Mom."1

He nodded. "I was there once in the position you are right now, or even worse because I saw her dying in front of me and I was helpless. I couldn't do anything."19

"It was not your fault."+

"It was. If I wouldn't have been drunk that night, she would've been alive and I'll always hate myself for that."16

"L-Liam."+

"Bella, I've been through this pain before that's why I am asking you to move on. Don't make yourself like me. Don't."13

I looked down "Why did she had to go Liam?" I asked in a low voice.21

Liam pulled me to himself and hugged me. I clutched his shirt tightly, by now I was a crying mess. "I-I had so many things to s-say to her. I wanted to apologize to her, I wanted t-to tell her how happy I am, I wanted to tell her how much I l-love her. But s-she is not there to listen to me."11

"She knows Bella, how much you love her." Liam said.2

"I miss her Liam. I miss her so much."3

Liam pulled away from the hug and cupped my face, I looked down. He wiped my tears "Hey, look at me." When I didn't he said again "Bella look at me."+

Finally I looked up just to meet with his sea-coloured eyes.4

"Stop crying please. I can't comfort you Bella because I know however hard I try nothing can make you feel better now. You have to try to move on."7

"Nanny, t-took the pills on her own will." I finally managed to say that.53

Liam looked at me in confusion. I showed him the letter. He read the whole letter then thought something. He then looked at me "Did you find anything else?"+

I shook my head. +

"It has to be him." he mumbled looking at the paper.+

"What? Who?" I asked.+

He looked at me "I can't say properly but I think it has something to do with Seth." 1

"Seth? But she was his mother."5

"I know but he was the only one in the house who was staying with her and why so suddenly she would decide something like this when everything was going fine."+

"So what are we gonna do about it?"2

Liam took a deep breath and gave the letter back to me "Don't worry I'll look into it."+

I nodded still thinking that why would Seth have something to do with all this.+

Liam held my hands in his, "Trust me Bella."+

I just stared in his eyes. +

I do trust him. I think I trust him more than I even trust myself, I know he'll never let me down.82

While staring at each other I didn't realize when the gap between us closed, the next moment I found his hands were cupping my cheek and mine were resting on his waist. My eyes closed automatically and I felt our lips meeting. I felt everything stopping around me, it was just him and me. I didn't want this moment to end, our lips were moving in sync. His one hand went down to my waist puling me closer to him. Our bodies were pressed together, the kiss was passionate, intense, a kiss of comfort. When he pulled away, we both were breathing heavily, I bit my lips looking down he looked at me and muttered "Fuck" and again connected our lips. I kissed him back with everything I had trying to match up with his pace. He sucked on my lower lip, making me moan. Pulling away he rested his forehead against mine.81

"Ask me to stop now Bella." He said breathing heavily.144

"I-I." I couldn't say anything. +

I wanted this. I didn't want him to stop.2

"Don't make this difficult."6

I stayed quiet+

He sighed and picked me up in his arms in bridal style, I wrapped my arms around his neck, looking in his beautiful  sea-coloured eyes, placing me on the bed he hovered over me. His lips then travelled down to my neck, he sucked hard on my neck making me moan in pleasure. Removing the straps of my top, he placed wet kisses on my shoulder. His touches were creating a burning sensation in my body, I could feel butterflies in my stomach. He then came up to me and pecked my lips.180

"Tell me now if you want me stop or I wouldn't be able to hold myself any longer."178

I shook my head slowly.5

He again connected our lips. He wrapped his one hand around my waist, I ran my hands through his hair kissing him back. Pulling away from the kiss, he made me sit up. Taking off my top he threw it somewhere he eyed my body then came down sucking on my chest. His hands then went to the back, unclasping my bra  he started massaging my left breast with his hand sucking on my neck.141

He sat up on the bed and started unbuttoning his shirt, his eyes were not leaving mine. I looked away in embarrassment. +

"Look at me." He said in an extremely seductive tone. 59

I did. He threw his shirt, and I got the chance to take a look at his body. It is not that I have not seen him shirtless before but at this moment he looked sexier than ever. I bit my lips while admiring his body.6

"Beautiful." He said.10

Laying me back on the bed and sucked on my stomach making me shiver, I was trying to control my moans by biting my lips Liam noticed that and stopped he looked up at me and said "I want to hear them. I want to hear you moaning my name."326

I licked my lips, as he went back sucking on my stomach. His lips slowly travelled upwards to my breast, Liam was skillfully sucking on my breast while I just licked my lips time to time with my eyes shut and my hands clutching the bedsheet tightly trying to take in this new feeling. 14

"Liam." I moaned his name in pleasure.23

His hands then travelled down to my pyjamas, he pulled them down. 2

After removing my panties his mouth came back sucking on my breast. I felt his hand on my inner thigh making it's way up, my eyes flew open instantly I closed my legs. Liam stopped sucking on my breast and looked up at me in confusion. 6

I was scared, I've never done this before. 2

"Liam I haven't h-h-"18

"Do you want me to stop?" He asked looking me in the eye.9

I bit my lips then shook my head "No. I-It's just so new. I don't know."+

Liam placed himself in between my legs, and looked at me, I was completely naked in front of him, he was the first man to ever see me naked.28

"I'll make your first time special."349

**************🥺❤️5


      
  
    
        
    
    
      
        
        
      
    
   
  45

                     Jessicaashitey+

Thank you so much for the beautiful cover❤️❤️+

Hope you guys liked the chapter.23

Don't forget to Vote and Comment.+

Stay safe!Love you all!❤ +

BELLA PARKER193

When I woke up, I saw Liam laying beside me, sleeping peacefully. Memories of last night flashed in my mind making me blush. Last night was beautiful.548

I looked down at myself to see the duvet still covering our naked bodies. Slowly I got up from the bed, making sure not to wake him up. I went to the washroom, taking a shower, I went down. It was still early, so I found only Maria in the kitchen. My baby must be sleeping.29

"Good Morning." I said smiling.1

Maria turned around and looked at me with a surprised look. "You finally came down. Thank God."+

I smiled. "Can I prepare the breakfast?"+

"Of course you can. Your baby was missing you so much, he didn't even eat properly last night."+

I felt sad. Because of me he didn't eat his food properly.+

"I am glad you are finally okay."14

I gave her a little smile.+

I have to try to move on. Liam was right, I can't stay like this forever. I have to be happy for my Ryan. He is sad because of me. Let's prepare some good food for my baby.27

When I was finally done making the breakfast, I was pouring some milk in a glass for Ryan. He hates to drink milk. But I always trap him and he has to drink the milk.74

After sometime Ryan came down with a sad face, walking lazily looking down. He didn't look anywhere not even in the front where I was standing. He just entered the kitchen and sat on the stool lost in his thoughts.12

I went slowly to him and kept the glass of milk in front of him on the table. He looked at the milk once then said in an angry voice "I don't want milk."5

But he didn't look up. And I am damn sure he doesn't know I am standing beside him.1

"Not even if Mommy gives you." I said.11

Hearing my voice he instantly turned to his side, with wide eyes.+

"Mommy."54

I smiled looking at him, his mind was still processing. His hand then came slowly up, with one finger he touched my cheek then pulled back instantly.+

"Mommy you are real."103

"So real."2

A bright smile plastered on his face. He hugged me tightly. "I missed you."+

"I missed you too baby."2

"You okay now?" he asked.3

I nodded. "Now you need to finish the milk."+

He pouted.+

"Okay if you don't want to have the milk then Mommy will again become sad."18

His eyes shot up.+

"No Mommy. Please don't be sad again. I'll drink the whole milk."72

"Come on quick then." +

He took the glass in his hand and drank the whole milk in one go. +

"Slow down, it's hot." I said trying to stop him.32

But this boy never listens, he kept drinking and when he was done, he kept the glass on the table and said "I am a  good boy. I drank the whole milk, now you can't be sad again."92

I sighed. "I love you to infinity baby."+

"I love you too Mommy."2

I hugged him and kissed his cheek.+

"Hungry?"1

He nodded.+

I gave him his breakfast. He started eating and I sat beside him. +

"Mommy do you know without you these few days I was so sad? I didn't even watch any movie."+

"Oh no! No movies a whole week!"5

He nodded with a sad face.+

"No problem, now Mommy is back we'll watch sooo many many many many many many movies."4

He giggled.+

Then he saw something and became serious. "Mommy what is that?"38

He said pointing at my neck. 200

"What?" I asked in confusion.+

He slapped his forehead with one hand and took me near the mirror. I looked at my neck from the mirror. 3

Oh fuck!+

Liam fucking Parker! He gave me a hickey!27

What am I going to say to this little one now?24

"Umm.. this."+

"Yeah Mommy this. What is it?" he asked eyeing my neck.+

"This is umm.."3

What the hell is this?+

"Yeah. It's an insect bite." I said with a smile.8

"Insect bite?"5

I nodded with the same smile.+

He pulled my hand and pulled me down to his level and looked at my hickey closely. "Which insect did this?"203

"Umm.. some unknown species."88

"It must be so cruel." He said looking carefully at the spot.49

I just nodded "It was."82

Ryan went back to his seat. After sometime Liam came down wearing a t-shirt and sweats. I looked at him in confusion.17

He doesn't have work today?+

He took a seat beside Ryan. He looked at me with a smirk, I blushed. Ryan was lost in his deep thoughts when he saw Liam he poked on his arm. Liam looked at him "What?"1

Ryan said "I have a complain."47

Liam furrowed his eyebrows "Okay.. What complain?" +

"You are not taking care of my Mommy properly."170

Liam then looked at me, I shrugged. He looked back at Ryan with a questioning look. "And why do you think so?"+

"You know some insect bit Mommy on the neck."310

My eyes widened.+

Shut up right now Ryan Parker!6

Maria who was standing beside me started panicking "Oh my! Bella what insect was it? Was the insect poisonous? We need to go to the doctor now. Show it to me first."134

She then peeped in my neck, I tried to hide it but I failed she pulled my arm pulling me closer, then she eyed at the spot properly. "This is an insect bite?" she asked in confusion.12

I looked down biting my lip. "Ryan, this is an insect bite. Insect bite. But I don't think the insect was poisonous so your Mommy is so safe." She smirked looking at Liam.148

Liam's eyes furrowed, he looked at the spot carefully then realised what it was. He cleared his throat.3

"Dad you need to see through this matter."62

BELLA PARKER51

"Liam." +

"Hmm."+

Me and Liam, we were in our room while Ryan was already asleep in his room. I was laying beside Liam, my head was resting on his arm and he was playing with my hair.1

"Can I ask a question?" I asked.+

"How about no?" he replied.+

I turned to look at him "But I want to know."+

"See I don't have any other option than to answer your question."1

I pouted. He smiled and pecked my lips. "You love teasing me, don't you?"19

I blushed.+

"Please don't get mad." I said hoping he answers my question.1

"I won't."1

"Why don't you let anyone go and see your paintings? They are beautiful Liam then why?" I was scared as hell while asking him this.8

He stared at the ceiling for sometime, with a clenched jaw. "I have reasons."1

"I want to know them."26

"Bella. Can we please stop this?" He said sitting up from the bed.2

I too sat up with him, holding his arm. I said "Liam, you know everything about me but me, I don't know anything about you other than this that Ryan is your son."18

"You don't have to know anything else." He said in an angry voice.55

I just nodded slowly without arguing, I laid back on the bed turning to my side.+

He sighed and called me "Bella." but I didn't reply instead I clutched the duvet tightly and closed my eyes. Without saying anything else he left the room.42

What is it that you are hiding Liam? 3

Why can't you just tell me everything about yourself?2

Why are you being like this?6

I don't know when did he return because while sobbing, I fell asleep. But the next morning when my eyes opened he was already gone. When I asked Maria she said he had some important meeting, but I know this very well that he is trying to avoid me.10

Fine, if he doesn't want to tell me. I won't ask him anymore.+

He didn't have to avoid me for that.6

I was lost in my thoughts when someone called me "Mommy."1

I looked up to see Ryan, who was playing with his shield he eyed me suspiciously "Yes baby."+

"What happened? You look lost."+

"Nope I am not."+

"Yes you are. You shouldn't lie Mommy, it's a bad thing."4

"Come here." I called him and he came running to me, making him sit on my lap I hugged him "It's nothing."+

"You miss your Nanny, don't you?" he asked.+

I nodded.+

"Don't be sad Mommy. Dad says that people who die becomes star and shine in the sky, then they watch us from the sky. Your Nanny too must be watching you Mommy and if she sees you sad and crying like this then she would too become sad. So if you want her to be happy then you should stop being sad."63

"Hmm.. I see my baby has grown up so much."+

He gave me a dull smile then said "Mommy don't be sad please. If you are sad then I too become sad. I don't like the sad side of yours, it doesn't suit you."8

This boy is so young yet he is so mature. He is right, I have people who needs me.8

"So you are sad now. Umm... let me think of something." I said while acting that I am thinking.+

He looked at me with curiosity.+

I smirked then said "The best way to make my baby happy is.."3

"Is?" he asked.+

"By tickling him." I started tickling him in the stomach and he started laughing loudly.4

"M-Mommy s-stop." He said while laughing trying his best to make me stop with his hands.+

"You wanted to be happy right?"+

"I-I didn't m-mean l-like this. Oh Jesus!" he said while shaking and trying to move away from me. Finally he got the chance and ran away from me. Then he stood at a good distance from me breathing heavily "Mommy you are getting r-really n-naughty." 237

I laughed at him.+

In the evening, when Ryan was studying  I was roaming around the house. When I passed through the room, that was filled with the paintings, I couldn't control myself and I went in. 178

I don't care if he sees me here. He doesn't have anything to punish me with now. I can go. We'll see what he'll do later.44

I opened the door slowly and went in. It was all the same, the same paintings, the same pictures. No additional paintings.+

I wonder why has he kept this room? He can just destroy everything here if he hates this room so much.9

I was looking at the paintings when my eyes again fell on the girl's drawing, the drawing that I saw the other day. It was beautiful, she looked really beautiful. I touched the drawing, lost in the picture.11

"That's Amelia." A voice came from behind me. I turned around to see Liam standing leaning against the door. His coat and tie both were off, he was wearing a dark blue shirt with sleeves rolled up and the first two buttons of his shirt were undone giving me the view of his tanned collarbones. 39

I stared at him for sometime.+

Why is he telling me this? He was the one who decided to avoid me.5

He came inside the room, and stood in front of me looking at the picture with a smile on his face. Without saying anything I decided to just leave the room. I was about to leave but when I passed Liam he held my wrist.+

"She is my sister. Actually was."40

Liam then held my waist pulling me closer to him, I felt my heart beating faster. I haven't still got used to him being so close, it feels the same everytime, the unusual heartbeat. Resting his head on my shoulder he continued "I loved to paint."7

"L-Liam you don't have to-"31

Ignoring what I was saying Liam continued "And she wanted to paint like me. We always made paintings together. One day she asked me to make a sketch of hers and this is the one I made. She was so happy when I completed it, she roamed all over our house with that sketch showing it to everyone and told me to frame it and keep it. This room, is filled with the memories of me and Amelia. All the pictures here reminds me of her, everything here makes me remember her, her smile, her laugh, her talks everything. And these all leads to one thing, that night, the night when I lost her. This is why I never come to this room, nor do I paint. That day when y-you were on the bed I was drunk because it w-was the day she died. I don't know how else to relieve pain. This is the only way I know, by drinking."59

"Liam." I called him when he hid his face in the crook of my neck. I pulled away to look at him, when I looked at his face, I saw tears rolling down his cheeks. "Liam."48

BELLA PARKER127

"Seth?" I said in confusion.3

Why the fuck is this man here?1

I looked at Liam, I saw him getting stiffened.2

What's wrong with him?+

I stood beside Liam "What are you doing here Seth?" I asked in an angry tone.1

"Had some work to finish." He said giving an evil smirk to Liam.+

What the hell is going on?+

"Just get out." Liam said in a calm tone.1

"How can I, Mr. Parker when I am being blamed of something I haven't done." He said with the same smirk on his face.32

"What are you talking about?" I asked.+

"Oh Bella, you are so innocent, to fall for anyone's trap without even thinking." Seth said.4

"You know what, Liam is right, just get out. I don't want to know anything, you are the one because of who Nanny died."2

"Actually in a way you can say that, but what about the truth that she hid from you." Seth said shamelessly, like Nanny's death didn't matter to him.1

"What truth?" I asked in confusion.+

He smirked.+

"That's it. Bella, I think you should go back, I'll talk to him." Liam said turning to me holding my arm.+

"Oh scared Mr. Parker. I see." Seth smirked at Liam.1

Liam took a deep breath and with a clenched jaw he turned around and held Seth by his collar "Listen just get out."+

"Or what?"1

"Not now." Liam said to Seth.2

What are they talking about?+

"Too bad. You have not yet told her? Poor Bella. She has the right to know the truth." Seth said trying to come inside towards me.8

Liam pushed him out "I'll tell her later."+

"Can't trust you Mr. Parker."+

"Please. No."+

Why is he saying please to this piece of trash? I have a feeling something bad is coming and I want Liam to tell it to me, himself.2

"Whatever it is, I don't want to know it. Just get out Seth."+

"Trust me darling, after knowing this you'll be grateful to me."3

"Seth." Liam warned him but nothing happened.+

"Mr. Parker fooled you Bella." Seth said.+

"What?" I asked in confusion and looked at Liam. I saw his jaw clenched and eyes closed.+

"He fooled you into this marriage. He sent those men to your house, asking for the money." 344

I stood there in shock. 2

Seth continued "They all were his men, he used my name. He just wanted you to marry him. Everything he said to marry you was a lie. My gambling, all the money I took, that I disappeared everything was a lie."222

My mind had stop working, I wasn't able to think anything. I wasn't even able to speak. +

No, it can't be.+

Liam can't do something like this.+

No. He can't.+

Seth is lying. He is a liar.+

I don't believe him.+

"I-I don't believe you." I managed to utter with a shaky voice, I could feel tears forming in my eyes.1

"Ask him yourself." Seth said with a confident look on his face.+

Slowly I turned to Liam to see him already looking at me with a defeated look. "I-It's not the t-truth right? H-He is lying. Right?"+

Liam just stared at me with the same defeated look. "Answer me Liam."+

"He is not lying." Finally Liam said.97

Those four words and I felt my world crashing down. Tears were rolling down my cheeks.20

No.+

No.+

No.+

"L-Liam." He looked away. +

"It's time for me to leave Mr. Parker. I wish you a very happy married life." Seth said with a smirk and left.140

I just stared at Liam waiting for him to say that everything is a lie. Waiting for an explanation from him. Gulping hard Liam turned to me, he didn't say anything but just stared at me. I was so done with everything, I couldn't say anything else, I just want to stay alone now. I was walking away from him, when he held my hand.+

"Bella I-I-" Liam started but I cut him off by pulling my hand away from his hold.1

"I what? H-How can you be so selfish Liam? So selfish. You lied to me." I said with my voice cracking. 22

"I-I didn't think much at that time."+

"You didn't think? How is it possible Liam? You made a full proof plan of trapping me and how is it possible that you didn't think? I was just a business deal for you that you wanted to accomplish in any way. Right?"13

"No Bella. Just listen to me."+

"Listen to what Liam. You didn't think about me even once, how will I f-feel, nothing. Did you love to see me crying on my knees in front of you?"15

He shook his head. "No."1

"Everything was a set up. Everything was planned out. How can you be so cruel Liam? Is the love thing also a set up? You are playing around with me for some selfish reasons. Aren't you?"19

"Are you crazy? No. I love you."12

"And how can I trust you on that?"1

He took a deep breath and rubbed one hand over his face. "I didn't had any other option."14

"You did. You could've asked me at least once to marry you. This wasn't necessary Liam. You went so low."16

Saying that I started walking away, I just wanted to stay away from him. 1

I can't trust anybody.14

No one.+

Everyone is a liar.2

Nanny was right, this world is cruel and selfish.8

Liam held my hand and said "You promised me that you won't leave me."57

"See. You have everything planned out for yourself. I can't leave you, I can't let Ryan go back to what he was before. I have to stay here and take care of him. Don't worry I won't break my promise."51

He clenched his jaw. "And what about us?"33

I paused for a moment.+

"There is nothing called 'us' now. I am just Ryan's mother that you wanted me to be."162

BELLA PARKER5

It has been 3 days now and I am still mad at Liam. I don't think I can forgive him this easily. 31

But Liam, he always tries to come near me by taking advantage of Ryan's presence. He tries to kiss me and everytime he gets successful in doing that, everytime his actions are so sudden that while I try to process the situation he already does his work and then that smirk.+

I want to punch his face.90

Today too when I was in the kitchen lost in my work he came suddenly and made me sit up on the aisle and kissed me this time I tried to push him away but he just wouldn't budge.26

I hate him.5

I hate him so much.57

How can he do that? Always. Always he kisses me without my permission.166

He is so fucking annoying. I am so done with him.4

After the lunch when Ryan went down to ride his bike, Liam was in his office and I had to talk to him. I have to ask him to stay away from me and mind his own business.3

Fuming with anger I went in his office without knocking, there he was sitting on his chair and working on the laptop. He raised his gaze to look at me, then furrowed his eyebrows. He scanned my face for a moment then, the confusion on his face changed to an evil smirk. He leaned back in his chair. I stood in front of his table.9

"We need to talk." I said in a stern tone.+

"I am listening." He replied with the same smirk.2

His smirk was making me more irritated. "Can you stop?"+

"Stop what?" he asked.+

Can I slap him please?138

"Kissing me. Taking advantage of Ryan's presence." I said in an angry voice.+

"That's my right to kiss you."55

"No, it's not. You can't always kiss me without my permission."19

"And why is that?"9

"Because I said so." I said loudly.5

He kept staring at me for sometime, then got up from his seat and came towards me, within seconds he pulled me by my waist closer to himself. I stood there shocked, his hand came to my face, slowly he caressed my cheek "Being feisty today, I see."28

I tried to remove his hold from my waist but he was way more stronger than me "Liam leave me, let me go."7

"Why?"1

"What do you mean why?"3

"I like this, I like holding you."4

"But I don't like you holding me so let me go."8

I tried to get out of his grip and he was just enjoying looking at me struggling. "So will you pay me 50 million dollars now?" he asked.130

I stopped struggling and looked at him in confusion. "What?"+

"50 million dollars. Remember the contract you signed for the marriage."4

"What do you mean Liam?"2

He smirked. "You didn't read it before signing, did you?"24

I was confused. +

He continued "One of the points on the contract was that you can't deny anything I ask for. So, if I kiss you can't deny that. Not only the kiss but anything I ask for. And if you want to deny any one of them you can simply pay me 50 million and do as you please."182

"Why would you put something like that in the contract?" I asked in disbelief.10

"Maybe because I thought you would be too stubborn to listen to me. And to make things clear you can take the file for one day and go through it."7

He then released me, I moved a little away from him but when I looked in his eyes they were dark, he started coming towards me and I started moving backwards. I stopped when I felt the table behind me. He was still coming towards me, he finally stopped when he was just a few inches away, to make a distance between us, I placed both my hands on his chest.4

Within seconds he picked me up and made me sit on the table while he was standing in between my legs. 9

"So Mrs. Parker since you don't have so much money to pay me right now, you can't deny me." He said with a smirk.153

I felt tears forming in my eyes, ready to fall anytime.64

He scanned my face. When a drop of tear fell from my eye, his smirk vanished. His hand came up wiping the tear from my cheek. Cupping my cheek with one hand, he connected our lips. I didn't move. Neither did I push him away nor did I kiss him back. I can't push him because of that stupid contract and I can't kiss him back because I hate him. I hate him for trapping me like this. I hate him for making me feel helpless. He was kissing my lips roughly, like it was his only hope of survival. I felt more tears rolling down my cheeks, he sucked hard on my lower lips then, pulled away moving down to my neck, he kissed my neck, I bit my lips hard trying to control my moan, after sucking hard on my neck he rested his head in the crook of my neck, breathing heavily.199

"I am sorry Bella."48

I didn't say anything, to me everything he was saying was fake. Everything was planned, he knew if I get to know the truth I will leave him, that's why he trapped me. If it wasn't for Ryan I would've surely left him. 8

"I-I am sorry Bella."+

"You disgust me Liam Parker."125

He looked up at me.+

"My feelings are joke to you, isn't it?"2

Liam took one step back and gave me a confused look. "What?"1

"It's the truth. You love seeing me helpless."2

His brows furrowed "What are you saying Bella?"4

I scoffed "Of course Liam it is the truth, everytime you make me feel helpless and you enjoy that, don't you? You like to see me crying in front of you, you like it when I am in pain, you like to hurt me. Do you really hate me that much Liam?"43

Liam kept staring at me blankly trying to process what I was saying. He then looked away and scoffed "Do you really think that low of me?"247

I didn't reply and got down from the table, I was about to leave but when I walk past him, he held my hand and pulled me to him. Pinning my one hand behind my back tightly he looked me in the eyes. Our faces were just a few inches away from each other "Whatever I did, that was only for Ryan, I know it was wrong, it was really wrong and I am sorry for that. I have said it thousand times Bella, I am sorry for everything. But I never meant to make you feel helpless nor did I intended to hurt you. And you crying because of me would be the last thing I want to see. Don't say things you don't know Bella."75

We both were looking at each other not saying anything, my eyes were teary. I was trying to get my hand out of his grip "You're hurting me Liam."12

He stared at me with a clenched jaw for sometime then left my hand.+

"I hate you." I muttered.9

When I said that I saw something in his eyes. One was pure anger and the other was ......guilt. 35

BELLA PARKER 7

When I woke up in the morning, Liam was not beside me. I sat up rubbing my eyes and looked around to see him standing in front of the mirror, adjusting his tie. He looked at me from the mirror.5

"You are leaving already?" I asked.+

He nodded. "I have some work to do."+

Just tell me that you want to avoid me.10

"Some important clients of mine are organising a party, so we have to be there tonight." He said.+

I nodded. "Will Ryan be coming too?"+

"No. He'll be with Maria."+

I frowned "But why? He can also come."+

"No he can't. Brittany will also be there so I don't want him to get any more panic attacks."+

I nodded slowly.+

Brittany will be there too?16

I wonder why is Ryan scared of her so much. Did she do something bad to him? Of course she did. But what? +

"I'll be sending a dress, wear that. And be ready by 7."8

I nodded.1

With that he left. I got up from the bed and went to the washroom, taking a shower I went down. After the breakfast I came back to my room and sat checking up my Instagram, Ryan was in his room doing his maths. Since Liam told him to focus on that subject he made it his goal to get full marks in that subject. Today in a very stern tone he said to everyone not to disturb him for 2 hours. 23

I heard a knock on my door, when I opened it there was two maids standing holding a beautiful dress.+

"Sir has sent these for you." One of the maid said keeping the dress and a bag that the other maid was holding. +

I nodded. "Thank you."2

I looked at the dress carefully. It was indeed beautiful. But it was not for me. I have never in my life worn something so revealing. I don't think I can wear this.6


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                            253

I picked up my phone and called Liam. He answered after few rings.+

"Liam." I said.+

"Oh missing your husband already?" A female voice came from the other side. I was confused for a moment, I looked at my screen to check whether I have called the right person or not. 38

"I am sorry, who's this?" I asked.+

"You forgot me sweetheart? Remember we met once at a restaurant." She said.6

I tried to remember. "Sorry but I can't."+

"Okay let me remind you sweetheart, I am Brittany."15

That name and I felt my body stiffened.+

"Hello, you there?" she asked.+

"W-Where's Liam?" I asked in a shaky voice.+

"Umm... can't tell you, it's a bit private."44

What does that mean? Where is Liam? And why does she has his phone?+

"Is he with you?" I felt tears forming in my eyes.+

She remained silent.+

"IS HE WITH YOU?" I shouted this time.+

"Oh Mrs. Parker is getting all possessive possessive. Actually, he was with me a minute ago and we were having a beautiful moment then he said he has some work so he'll be back in ten minutes."+

So she was the reason why he left early. 89

"If you want, I can convey the message to him, that you called but later. I don't want his mood to get ruined because of you, he really gets irritated when someone interrupts our moment and one more request, please don't call now, let us enjoy for sometime."43

With that she hung up.+

No. She is lying right? Don't trust her Bella.4

But why does she have Liam's phone? And where is he? +

He still loves her. He doesn't want me, he wants her.65

No one wants me.23

I fell to the ground and burst out into tears. 49

"Will Liam divorce me for her? Will he really do that?"81

LIAM PARKER4

"Sir we have him." I got a call from Asher and immediately left my office. 2

He finally has him, that asshole.+

I went to the place where he found that fucker. It was a bar, when I went in there were loud music and a lot of people. Before entering I went to the guards.+

"I want this place empty in five minutes." I commanded.2

"I am sorry Sir but we can't do that."+

"Well, I wasn't requesting you. Just do as I say or bring me the manager."17

He nodded and went in to get the manager. I entered the bar and took a seat on the couch. After sometime the manager came. He saw me and a broad smile appeared on his face.+

"Mr. Parker. I am so much honoured to have you here." He said with that same irritating smile. +

I gave him a boring look.1

"Can I get you something Sir?"+

"Yeah sure. Get me a scotch and just do me a favour."5

"Anything Sir."1

"I want this place empty in 5 minutes." +

His smile instantly disappeared. Still he managed to laugh nervously and said "But Sir I-I-"+

Before he could complete I said "You don't want me inform the cops about the illegal stuffs going on here, do you?"1

His eyes widened "N-No Sir." He then turned to his guards and said "I want the bar empty in 5 minutes." I smirked.+

They nodded and left. The manager came and gave me my scotch. I took a sip of it and waited for Asher. After 5 minutes when the whole club was empty, Asher came out dragging that fucker by his collar. He made him sit on the chair in front of me. I looked at his face. He was bleeding really badly.+

"It's a pleasure meeting you again. Seth."+

Seth looked at me with hatred in his eyes. "WHAT THE FUCK DO YOU WANT? YOU SON OF A BITCH!" He yelled.3

BELLA PARKER55

When we reached home, Liam dragged me straight up to our room. After we were in, he locked the door.+

He just stared at me. He didn't say anything. I was trying to control my tears the whole car ride. This time I broke down, they started flowing down, I couldn't control my tears anymore. I started hitting his chest.6

"I hate you."5

"I hate you."+

"I hate you."+

"I hate you."+

"I hate you."120

He held my hands pulling me close to him he said "Who put this thing in your head that I love Brittany?"6

"Why would anyone have to put this in my head? I know it." I said sobbing.8

"First calm down. How did you know it?"1

"S-She was with you in y-your office today."+

"Today? When?"+

"When I called you in the morning, she picked up the call."+

"You called me?" He asked in confusion.+

I nodded.+

"I was not in my office in the morning." He said making me confused now. Liam thought for sometime "Shit!"+

"What?"+

"I forgot my phone in my office and she was there, maybe that time you have called."2

"But you still love her."7

Liam sighed. "Why are you making things complicated Bella? Why would I love Brittany?"9

"Because she is your ex-wife. A divorce can't change what you feel for her." +

"Ex-wife? What the hell are you talking about Bella? Who told you that she was my wife?" 54

Why is he asking these stupid questions?15

"Why would anyone have to tell me? She is Ryan's mother and Ryan is your son."6

Liam stared at me in disbelief. He then rubbed his face with his hand. "Stop making assumptions Bella. If you want to know anything you can ask me, stop making fucking assumptions."51

"T-Then w-who is Brittany? Why is she calling Ryan h-her s-son? And what's your relationship with her? I-I don't understand anything Liam." I asked in confusion.5

Liam looked away as if he was not wanting to answer my question. "Liam, you're hiding something."+

"Bella, I-I... it's complicated."24

I looked down. I don't know why I felt bad that he doesn't trust me enough to tell me anything.4

"It's okay if you don't want to tell me." I said still looking down fidgeting with my fingers.3

Liam came closer to me and placed his hand under my chin making me look up at him. "My past is horrible Bella. I used to get nightmares until you came. Every night when I held you in my arms, it felt good. I felt relieved, I felt that someone is with me too and it's not just me being with someone. You make me feel that it's not just about being alive, it's about living too. Living in the moment. I am happy when I am with you."39

I didn't have anything to say, I kept staring in his eyes that showed me how broken he was from inside.+

"Someday or the other I have to tell you this. I can't always hide this part of my life from you forever."+

He looked at me and gulped hard. "Ryan, h-he is not my son."784

My eyes widened. Saying that I was shocked would be an understatement I was beyond that. "W-What?"2

"Yes, this is the truth. Ryan is not my son."49

He slowly made his way towards the couch and sat there. Then continued "I was never like this Bella, so reserved." He scoffed. "My life was full of enjoyment. Clubs, parties, girls, that was my life. I didn't care about anyone's feeling. Nobody mattered to me other than Amelia. My life was simple before. No girlfriends nothing. Me being in a relationship was like unbelievable. And marriage, a hell no. Ryan was the one who changed my life.7

He paused for a moment. "It was about two years ago, me and Amelia we were returning from a party. She said she can drive and I let her. That was my biggest mistake, well second biggest. She was driving, but the way she was driving I knew she wasn't able to focus properly. I tried to tell her to let me drive but she didn't listen to me. I don't remember when a car came in front and crashed with our car. When the car crashed with ours I felt my head spinning, when I opened my eyes I was in the car bleeding badly, every part of my body was hurting. I looked at my side to see if Amelia is okay. S-She too was b-bleeding. I called her, I s-shook her but she wasn't waking up. I managed to get out of the car and I pulled her out, when I checked her nerves, her breathing. S-She was no more."47

I saw Liam crying. Tears were rolling down his cheeks. I went to him and sat beside him. 5

"That moment w-was hell for me. M-My mind went blank, I didn't know what to do. I just sat there holding her in my arms" I rubbed his arm.4

"L-Liam."+

"The road was empty. There was no one for help. I was still shouting and waiting for someone to come and help but no one came. Then I heard the crying of a kid, it was coming from the other car. I managed to drag myself to the other car to see who was it. I saw a man and I saw a child crying inside. I managed to open the door of the car and took out the child. But when I tried to pull the man out, he screamed out in pain. His leg was stuck inside and he was not able to come out. Then I noticed that the petrol was leaking from his car. I was asking him to try but it seemed like he had already given up. He was asking me to go away but I couldn't just leave him, dying there. But I didn't have any other choice either I-I had to leave him and Amelia. I had to save the child. The last thing he said before dying was that 'please take care of my son'. With that he yelled at me to leave. I picked up the kid and ran away from the car. I just stood there and saw the car getting fire. I-I couldn't do a-anything."216

Liam then took a deep breath and rubbed his face "Being the jerk I was in the past I could've left the kid in an orphanage or something. But looking at his face I j-just couldn't do that. I felt responsible for everything that he was going through. So I decided to bring him with me. When I brought him with me, he was really scared. He didn't trust anyone. Mom-Dad, no one. He was just in my arms. Whenever someone would come to take him away from me he would turn to me and hold me tightly. He also told me his name and never left me since I brought him."40

I was crying by now. How can I not? He went through so much alone.1

"Y-you didn't try to search for Ryan's mother?" +

"I am not his father Bella, but Brittany is his mother. I did find her. After I found Ryan I asked him about his mother. Whenever I did that he would become sad and move away from me. So I stopped asking him. Then I asked Lucas to search about Ryan and he told me about Brittany. He said that Brittany never wanted a child so she left him with his Dad. She even tried to get an abortion when she was pregnant with Ryan. But Ryan's Dad didn't let that happen and after Ryan was born, he took Ryan with him and got a divorce from Brittany."162

"How did you meet her then?" I asked.+

Liam stared at me for a moment. All I could see in those pair of sea-coloured eyes was pain. 1

BELLA PARKER6

"Then why didn't you count yourself. I want to live for you, I want to live with you every moment." Liam said looking in my eyes.5

"L-Liam I-" He didn't let me complete my sentence and crashed his lips against mine. 3

"I don't know what are you about to say but please don't end this. I love you. I love you so fucking much. I know that Ryan needs you but Bella more than him, I need you. I need you in my life." With that he again connected our lips. He was kissing me passionately. His lips left mine and he started placing soft kisses on my eyes, nose, cheeks. My eyes closed automatically he sucked hard on my neck earning a moan from me. His head rested in the crook of my neck for sometime.41

"You have no idea how much I was resisting myself from taking you right there in that hot tub." Liam whispered in my ears and bit my earlobe.17

"Mmm." A moan escaped my lips. 2

"And then this dress of yours. Do you really expect me to stay in my right senses when you look so fucking gorgeous?"18

I licked my lips, he went down sucking on my exposed chest. Within seconds I was pulled towards him and made me sit on his lap with my legs on with side of him. Our forehead were resting against each other, his hands travelled down to my waist, he started leaving wet kisses on my neck moving down to my chest. He grabbed my ass giving it a hard squeeze making me moan.87

Liam got up from the couch with me. I wrapped my legs around his waist, he started making his way towards the bed, he then laid me down on the bed and hovered over me. He took my lips in his and started kissing me hungrily. I slid my hands in his hair, feeling his smooth hair. He bit my lower lip I gasped, taking the chance he slid his tongue in my mouth exploring my mouth. His hands roamed all over my body, I felt like I had no control over my own body, he was the one who was controlling me. When he pulled away from the kiss and looked at me in the eye, I saw pure lust in his eyes. They were full of desire and I think, so was mine. 39

He touched my lower lip with his thumb, his hands trailed down to my chest, making it's way to my exposed cleavage. He gave a squeeze to my right breast making my back arc in pleasure. He made me sit up and removed the strings of my dress making it fall to my waist, exposing my breast since the dress was backless, I didn't have any bra on. I laid back on the bed, Liam eyed me from top to bottom like I was his prey. He started unbuttoning his shirt, when he was done he threw it somewhere on the floor, I traced my hand from his chest to his hard abs. I looked up at him and bit my lip. He was observing my each and every action. 39

He laid back on top of me, I felt his hand on my naked thigh travelling up through the slit in my dress, he removed my panties, his hands were now on my spot rubbing it and his lips came down to mine. In between our kiss he whispered "I am not going easy on you this time." 287

-------------------------------------------------------------390

When I woke up, I saw Liam lying next to me and staring at me with a smile. I smiled back at him.8

"What?" I asked.+

"What?" He asked me back.+

"Why are you staring at me?" I asked.1

"I don't know. I was enjoying it." He replied and pulled me closer to him, pecking my lips.+

Suddenly a thought crossed my mind, I started panicking. "Liam?" I called.+

"Hmm."+

"W-We didn't use protection. And neither am I on birth control." I said, worried.100

"So?"3

"So? Liam what if I"+

"You get pregnant?" He completed the sentence for me.3

I nodded.2

"I want you to get pregnant. I want you to carry my child." He said it so casually that it was so normal. I just stared at him. I couldn't say anything. I was shocked. He then looked at me with his eyebrows furrowed. "Wait. Do you not want that?"48

"I don't know. I never thought about it." I said biting my lip, blushing.16

"Good. You don't have to think anymore. Are you still sore?"9

What is wrong with this man? I thought we were having a serious conversation.3

"Liam."+

"Let's go for one more round." He said and without even listening to me he connected our lips, within seconds I was under him and the blanket that was the only thing covering our naked body, thrown aside.89


      
  
    
        
    
    
      
        
        
      
    
   
  112

When we came down to the dining room after taking a good shower, we saw Ryan sitting with an angry face.52

What happened to him?+

Liam sat in front of him and I sat beside him. I poked his arm, he looked away. I gave a confused look to Liam and in return he gave me the same look.+

"Ryan?" I called but he ignored me and started eating his breakfast.4

"Umm... baby?" I called again.+

This time he glared at me and said "Don't baby me. I am angry."54

"Okay... Why are you angry?" I asked.+

"Because you both have changed." He replied.+

I looked at Liam, his eyebrows were raised. "How have we changed?" Liam asked.+

"You both don't love me anymore." Ryan said.+

"Umm... will you please elaborate a little?" Liam said.2

This time Ryan glared at Liam "You both went to a party yesterday that too without me. Poor me, I was playing with those cars when you both were enjoying and dancing."80

"We had a reason for not taking you." Liam said.+

Ryan crossed his arms "I want to know the reason."7

"Can't tell you."+

"Then I am not forgiving you."1

"I told you we had a reason."+

"Fine then make it up to me." Ryan said in a stern tone.3

Does he know how cute he looks right now?2

"How?" Liam asked.+

"Take me out to have ice-cream."17

"I'll tell one of my men he'll bring you ice-cream." Liam said eating his breakfast.3

Last chapter❤️❤️❤️❤️149

************BELLA PARKER3

I don't know what this place is but whatever this is, it's just beautiful. There were flower petals along the path leading me to a table decorated beautifully. I was speechless looking at the view in front. A smile plastered in my face.1


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                            69

I started looking here and there searching for Liam, but I couldn't see him anywhere, I went to the edge, enjoying the view. +

"Liam." I called but didn't get any reply. +

"Liam, where are you?"+

"You look beautiful." A voice came from behind me, when I turned around there he was, standing with his hands in his trousers pocket, looking very handsome in his black tuxedo. He looked at me from top to bottom and smiled. 2

"I have to agree my choices are really good when it comes to you." He said then slowly started making his way towards me looking just in my eyes, with a playful smirk on his face.4

"Liam what is all this? And why so suddenly?"+

He stood in front of me and tugged a few strands of my hair behind my ear then he bent down to kiss my cheek. "Because I don't think till now I have told you what are you in my life ."4

"Bu-" Liam cuts me off by placing a finger on my lips.2

"Shh..." He traced his thumb over my lip.23

I waited for him to continue, Liam held both my hands in his.+

"I don't know from where to start, I've never done this before." Liam took a deep breath.6

This is the first time ever I have seen him getting nervous.35

"I never thought that I would fall for someone, I never thought that I would find someone who can handle this Devil Parker, but then you came in my life. Bella, you are the woman who has taught me so many things. You know I thought it's just me who has all the responsibilities, but when I met you, you changed that thought of mine. You always kept smiling even when you were in the worst situation. You tried to remain happy with whatever you had. And me, I chose to become rude and mean to everyone. I thought that's the only way how everything works."21

"I know we are completely opposite to each other but my heartbeat increases when you are around, I love to see your smile, I want to make you happy. You make me feel alive Bella, you make me want to fall in love, you do things to my heart Bella that no one has ever done. I feel things for you that I have never felt for anyone."15

He paused for a moment then continued again "I know I was an ass to you before." I chuckled. "And I am sorry for everything I did to you. I really am. But at this point of my life, I can't let you go. I can't afford to lose you. I can solve any problem Bella, if you are by my side. I know I am complicated, and you are the only one who can handle me. So"41

Liam then took a deep breath and moved away from me a little leaving my hands. He took out a small box from his pocket and sat on one knee in front of me, my breath stopped for a moment. He opened the box and there was a beautiful ring inside it. 3

"Be mine forever. Share my life with me." I could feel tears forming in my eyes. "And no leaving, not even thinking of leaving, the marriage thing is permanent." Liam said making me laugh.115

"I'll be yours." I replied. He took my hand, putting on the ring on my finger he kissed the back of my hand.14

He got up, pulling me by my waist he connected our lips. Kissing me passionately.1

Suddenly I heard the sound of fireworks. I turned to my side and the view was beautiful. I turned to Liam with a surprised look "You did this?"33

Liam shrugged and came behind me hugging me from back. I was just looking up at the beautiful view. Liam kissed my cheek "I love you."4

"I love you too." I replied. I don't know for how long we stood in the same position but after sometime Liam whispered in my ear "Shall we continue our date Mrs. Parker."2

I nodded with a smile.-------------------------------------------------------------After we were done with the food and all the talking, I asked Liam to take me down, he told me there was a beach down there. We were walking on the sand. Liam gave me his coat as it was really cold in here. Our hands were interwind to each other. +

"You know I am really great." I said.+

Liam turned to look at me "And why is that?"+

"Umm... Like can you imagine The Liam Parker going down on his knees for me? Oh Jesus! I feel so proud of myself."50

Liam rolled his eyes and laughed.+

"Liam" I called him.+

"Hmm." He replied.1

"Thank you." I said. +

His eyebrows furrowed "For what? I didn't do anything."+

You did. And a thank you isn't enough for the things you have done for me.1

I shook my head "Thank you for just... being there for me."+

Liam chuckled "You've surely gone crazy."27

I smiled.+

Suddenly a thought crossed my mind. +

Shit! I haven't yet told him. How can I forget this?+

I stopped, when Liam realized that he too stopped and turned around with a confused look.+

"I have something to tell you Liam." I said nervously.+

Liam nodded.+

I took a deep breath and placed his hand on my stomach. I bit my lip, waited for him to understand what I was trying to say. He gave me a confused look at first, then he processed what I was really trying to tell him, his eyes widened.21

"No, you're not." He said with a surprised look.81

I nodded.+

"Fuck! I am going to be a father." He said with a wide smile on his face.229

"Yes." +

He picked me up in his arms and twirled with me. "I love you so much." Putting me down he held me by my waist and kissed me. "You can't even imagine how happy I am right now. I love you." 6

I pecked his lips and hugged him.+

"Did you tell Ryan?" He asked.+

"Not yet." I replied.+

BELLA PARKER5

"Mommy!"+

"Mommy!"+

"Mommy!"+

Ryan shouted from the living room while I was in the kitchen preparing the donuts for him and Amelia.209

It has been 3 years now since I gave birth to a beautiful angel. Our angel. Amelia. Her eyes are just like her Dad but she got the good looks of her mother.71

*Flips hair*179

And these years had been so beautiful that everything feels like a dream. Everything is just perfect with my two cuties and the not-so-devil husband. 6

Speaking of Liam, I didn't think that I can change him so much. I myself sometime wonder that is this the Liam who I once used to call Devil. Now he is nothing like the Devil that he used to be. But he is still so protective. Not only towards Ryan but also towards me and Amelia.+

"Coming!" I shouted from the kitchen and made my way towards the living room just to see a mess in that room. 4

All the teddy bears lying here and there with Ryan sitting on the couch trying to study and Amelia disturbing him. 5

I sighed and made my way towards them.+

"What are you both doing?" I asked.+

"Mommy I am trying to concentrate on my studies but princess is disturbing me." Ryan complained.244

Yes, Ryan calls Amelia princess because he once heard Liam calling her that and from that day he too started calling her princess.170

I glared at Amelia playfully, she pouted and complained back "Mommy, Ray not playing."20

She then again pulled Ryan's t-shirt and whined "Play. Play. Play."4

"No I can't. I need to complete this or else Mr. Greene is going to kill me." Ryan replied.14

Did I tell you guys that now my baby goes to school? I don't think I did. So yes, he goes to school and he has friends too. But still he considers me as his best friend.102

I laughed looking at them then I picked Amelia up in my arms and sat beside Ryan. +

"Do you want to see your Ray getting punished?"+

Amelia gave me a curious look "Punish?"+

I nodded "Mr. Greene is going to punish Ray if he doesn't complete his homework. You know what he is going to do to him?"+

"What?"+

"He is going to make him stand outside the class then he is going to make him hold his ears and stand there for the whole day then Ray will not be coming home too for whole one day."3

Amelia's eyes widened. "No Ray home?"55

I shook my head "No Ray home."1

"One day?"+

I nodded "One whole day."47

Amelia then thought something then got down from my lap and ran to her room. +

Ryan looked curiously "Mommy where did she go?" 2

"Don't know."2

"I think she's sad because I didn't play with her." Ryan sighed then got up from the couch. "I'll play with her for sometime then I'll do my homework."2

"But baby, it's already 8 if you play now when will you finish your work. Just do it I'll take care of her."+

"No Mommy I think she is sad. So-" He was cut off by another voice.+

"Who's sad?" Came a voice from the door.6

We turned around to see Liam making his way inside. He came in and sat beside me on the couch. Pulling Ryan to himself, he made him sit on his lap.+

"Who's sad?" Liam asked.+

"Princess. I think she is sad because I said I won't play with her." Ryan said looking down with a sad face.2

"Oh that's a very big issue." Liam said.33

Ryan nodded his head sadly. +

One more thing my baby cannot see his sister sad, he loves her too much so whenever she is sad he does everything he can to make her smile and same with Amelia whenever Ryan is sad she does everything she can to make him smile.84

"Where is Princess? Let's try to make her happy then."+

Ryan nodded. +

"Dad!" Called Amelia, she came down running with Ryan's Captain America shield in her hand. When she finally reached to us she took deep breaths then held Ryan's hand and pulled him down from Liam's lap.2

"Princess I-" Ryan tried to say something but Amelia cuts him off.+

"Shh... Ray study. Complete homework." She said then made Ryan sit on the couch. "Dad no disturb Ray." She warned Liam.195

I giggled, Liam looked at me then smiled.+

"Dad but I have to tel-" Ryan started but Amelia glared at him and said "Sheild you beat."95

I tried to understand it what she meant. I smiled at her she was warning him that she'll beat him with that shield if he doesn't complete his homework. 36

Amelia then went to Liam and sat on his lap telling him whatever she did all day. And complaining about Ryan. 2

Liam was listening to her with a smile on his face. Time to time she was looking at Ryan, keeping an eye on him while he was studying, when he was done she gave him a bright smile and said "Now Ray no punish."151

Liam chuckled "Ya now he'll not get any punishments."2

Liam kissed Amelia's cheek and she giggled.+

"By the way, Dad has something for both of you." Liam said.+

Amelia and Ryan both turned to Liam "What?" Both asked in unison.+

Liam took a bag from the table and gave it to them, both peeped inside the bag and said with a bright smile "Chocolates!!"+

Both took their bars of chocolates out with face filled with happiness "Thank you Dad."+

I took the bag expecting one for me too, but there was none. With a sad look I turned to Liam, he just gave me an apologetic look.63

"Mommy you can have some from me." Ryan offered looking at my sad face.2

Amelia scanned my face then she came to me and offered her chocolate "Mommy me me."1

I smiled and shook my head. "You both have it. I am good."40

--------------------------------------------------------------1

After telling both a story, when they were finally asleep I made my way towards my room. Liam was no where in the room, I sighed then went to the washroom. Changing into something comfortable, when I came back my phone vibrated. I looked at it to see a message from Liam.1

Liam❤️1

Come down.+

You know where.+

Hey everyone, hope you guys are doing well.3

Just wanted to thank you all for all the love +

And had a very important message for you guys, like really important one and that is...+


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

I am back with a new story....It is out now!! Do check out!!8

Hope you'll like it.4

Stay safe.Love you guys❤️4

Hey everyone, hope you guys are doing well.1

Just wanted to thank you all for all the love and support...+

And had a very important message for you guys, like really important one and that is...+

STORY NAME:+

    A DEAL IN DISGUISE1


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                            2

Yeah I am back with a new story....+

It is out now!! Do check out!!9

|•|•|•|•|•|•|•|•|•|•|•|•|•|•|•|•|•|•|•|+

Hope you'll like it.+

Stay safe.Love you guys❤️1

Hello to all of you, hope you guys are doing fine.+

Merry Christmas!!🎄+

Have an announcement. I am back with a new story "ALESSANDRO"9

Hope you'll like it.

(Fingers crossed🤞)+


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

That's all I had to say.+

Please do check out the story.1

Happy reading❣️2

Hello to all of you, hope you guys are doing fine.+

Happy New Year!! I know I am late but still it's a new year. +

Have an announcement. New story is out now 'Billionaire's Revenge'+

Do check it out. +

Hope you'll like it.

(Fingers crossed🤞)+


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                            4

******+

That's all I had to say.+

Please do check out the story.+

Happy reading❣️5

Hey everyone, hope you guys are doing well.1

Just wanted to thank you all for all the love and support...+

And had a very important message for you guys, like really important one and that is...+

STORY NAME:+

    A DEAL IN DISGUISE1


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                            2

Yeah I am back with a new story....+

It is out now!! Do check out!!9

|•|•|•|•|•|•|•|•|•|•|•|•|•|•|•|•|•|•|•|+

Hope you'll like it.+

Stay safe.Love you guys❤️1

Hello to all of you, hope you guys are doing fine.+

Merry Christmas!!🎄+

Have an announcement. I am back with a new story "ALESSANDRO"9

Hope you'll like it.

(Fingers crossed🤞)+


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

That's all I had to say.+

Please do check out the story.1

Happy reading❣️2

Hello to all of you, hope you guys are doing fine.+

Happy New Year!! I know I am late but still it's a new year. +

Have an announcement. New story is out now 'Billionaire's Revenge'+

Do check it out. +

Hope you'll like it.

(Fingers crossed🤞)+


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                            4

******+

That's all I had to say.+

Please do check out the story.+

Happy reading❣️5





