Hi guys🖐22

My name's Brooke. 23

I'm the author of Campus King, and hopefully, many more books to come. 1

That said, I've put a lot of hours and effort into writing this book. As I'm sure many of you could imagine, writing a book is incredibly difficult. You constantly doubt and criticize yourself. What's kept me going is the love I have for writing as well as the actual physical itch I get to write. I find I always have stories in my head and they stay there until I write about them.25

This is a very mature book (but don't worry! There is lots of plot!). I'm talking 18+ kind of mature. I love steamy romances and that's what I want to write about. You've been warned (though I'm sure many of you enjoy this too😜).35

I hope that you will enjoy this book enough to leave a comment, vote and maybe even share it. 1

I'll be doing my best to ensure that every chapter is well written, edited and entertaining. Any questions, problems or something you want to say? Leave me a message and I'll happily reply.11

I also really recommend that you look at the pictures at the bottom of each chapter. I, personally, love dirty jokes and I'm very proud of them.3

I look forward to this journey together.6

Brooke❤3


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                            36


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

+


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                            42

"I can't wait to suck your cock. I bet it's so big." 465

Damn. 18

I chuckled at the brazenness of the blonde bombshell next to me. Someone's daddy didn't raise them right. Or maybe he did.20

My eyes tracked her hand as she boldly put it on my leg, long pink nails grazing the skin above my knee. The nails were impractical, in my opinion, but they'd look hot wrapped around my dick. 81

I was sitting low in my seat with my arms crossed over my chest and legs spread wide. Yeah, I was manspreading, but the boys needed to breathe, okay? No way was I sitting in this god-awful chair for close to an hour with my boys unhappy. I was caring like that.83

Dragging my gaze off her hand, I checked to make sure the professor hadn't caught on to what was happening at the back of his classroom. But the old guy was engrossed in his lesson, reading off of the projector about health and safety practices in the lab. Yawn. The blonde was much more interesting.164

I smirked as her fingers slowly inched up, tracing the muscles in my thigh until they reached the edge of my shorts. She rubbed the fabric between her fingers while her knuckles brushed against the hair on my thigh. I flexed, and she giggled, massaging teasing circles into my skin. 5

Not going to lie, I was intrigued. Yeah, she was a little forward but that told me all I needed to know — she was down to fuck wherever and whenever. And she'd probably be fine when I didn't call her back the next day. And yeah, she was hot. Huge tits and pouty lips. I was actually surprised I hadn't hit that before. 104

Wait, maybe I have. 89

I tilted my head and looked her over for anything remotely recognizable but I came up with too many familiar traits. So maybe I've fucked a lot of girls who looked like her and I can't tell them apart. I shrugged, didn't matter — I was safe and careful. I'd learned my lesson.82

The blonde — I didn't even know her name yet — leaned closer, so that her minty breath brushed against my jaw. She smiled up at me with hooded eyes, pure seduction and desire on her pretty face. She bit her lip when my eyes zeroed in on her full lips and my dick twitched. Yeah, they'd make nice cushions for him. She smirked in smug satisfaction when she saw the interest on my face.39

"You can cum on my face if you want? I like it when guys do that. Or I can swallow. I like swallowing," She purred, running her nose along my jaw.116

Damn. She swallowed too. I was about to reply when the person in front of us spun around, interrupting me. "What the hell is wrong with you assholes!" They whisper-yelled.103

The person gave us a murderous glare, teeth bared in anger. A dark red hoodie, the hood pulled up over their head, cast their face in shadow, but as they turned slightly, I realized it was a girl. The dim lighting obscured her features, making it difficult to discern any details, and her hoodie was so big, that I'd thought she was a dude from behind.15

I blinked and raised both my brows, thrown off by her sudden outburst.8

She pointed a furious finger at us and said, "No one wants to hear any of this. It's disgusting and frankly — disturbing. Do you realize that you're scarring innocent bystanders? Some of us came here to learn, not listen to really gross dirty talk, and have our ears burned. You should be ashamed of yourselves." 69

My jaw clenched as I frowned at her. I sat upright and unfolded my arms. "Listen, lady—"8

"Don't you 'listen lady' me! I have been forced to sit here and listen to the two of you for the last five minutes and I've had enough! What is wrong with you people? You are in a public place surrounded by people. Hey you," She poked the person next to her, "Can you please tell them that we can hear everything and that we'd appreciate it if they would shut the hell up. Or leave."34

The guy went red, eyes bouncing from her to me and back. He started shaking his head rapidly while both of his hands shot up in defense. He looked at me nervously before answering in a squeaky voice, "W-what? I didn't h-hear anything."56

The girl turned her scathing glare to him and he shrank into his seat. "Coward." She spat out and he looked away, embarrassed.12

I would have agreed with her in any other circumstance, but right now, I was pissed off. How huge was the stick up her ass? She could have simply asked us to stop. A please would have been fucking nice too. I opened my mouth to argue back and she interrupted me again. It was starting to really piss me off.38

"Ah ah ah. Don't you dare say another word. I don't want to hear your explanation or excuses. You will be quiet for the rest of this class, or I swear to God, if the two of you continue, I'll rat you out to the professor in front of the whole class." She gave us one last scowl before she spun back around to face the front, promptly dismissing us.26

I glared at the back of her head, contemplating saying something back, but was it even worth it? She clearly didn't know who I was or she didn't care. And I had the feeling she would definitely tattle on us if I pushed her too far.12

The blonde next to me finally said something.+

"What a bitch."114

I couldn't have agreed more.21

°•°•°•°+


      
  
    
        
    
    
      
        
        
      
    
   
  10

God, that was the worst. +

I had to hold back a gag as I recalled some of the things that girl had said. She had no shame. Come to think of it, neither did he or he would have put a stop to it.12

No shame. None. Zero. Nada. 20

I shuddered as I marched across campus to get to the nearest coffee shop. That whole debacle had put me into an even worse mood, and now I had to deal with a two-hour physics class without a drop of caffeine in my system. You bet I was running to the nearest coffee shop before class. Maybe I'd get something to eat. Scratch that, I was definitely getting something to eat.3


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                            1

My attention was pulled from the hot barista by someone tapping on my shoulder repeatedly. Hard. The pretty barista's brown eyes flew to something behind me, and I sighed. With a frown, I turned to face whoever it was.1

I froze as soon as I saw the familiar red hoodie. 5

This time, the hood was down, and I could see her face clearly in the bright coffee shop lights. And much to my irritation, she was a total babe. Her dark blonde hair was tied into a loose ponytail with fly-away strands hanging in her face. If I thought the blonde from earlier had pretty lips, she had nothing on this chick. These were dick-sucking lips. Too bad they only spewed bullshit and venom.107

And her eyes - so clear blue they almost looked transparent - glared at me with pure hatred. They told me that if she could wipe me off the face of the earth, she would. She'd enjoy it too.16

"You." I narrowed my eyes at her.3

"You." She spat out, and then she jabbed one long finger into the center of my chest. I looked down at it with an annoyed grimace. She wore no nail polish, yet her fingers looked so dainty and feminine - though they hardly felt dainty as they jabbed themselves into my chest. "You're a complete asshole, you know that?"+

Was she still on about that? What the actual fuck? We stopped, didn't we? And whatever-her-name-was scurried off to tell her friends about what a bitch Hoodie Girl had been. Sure, I'd probably get another chance with her some other time, but my dick was still disappointed by the lack of blowjobs.31

I glared at her. "Is this about before? Because I don't know if you noticed, but we stopped. Your cock-blocking efforts worked so you can stop being such a bitch about it."5

"Oh nooo. This is about now. Your second offense today. That I know of." She held up two fingers in my face and I leaned back to avoid getting my eyeballs poked out.16

"Yeah? And what's that?" I batted her hand out of my face and she got even more red.2

"I'm aware that you think the entire world revolves around you and that we should all cater to your whims, but that's not how things work. You, fuckface, have been holding up this line for ten minutes-!"2

"-Did you just call me fuckface-?"26

"-Ten minutes! While we all wait for you to get your flirt-on and finally leave. I'm not sure if you're aware of this, but it DOES NOT take 10 minutes to order one coffee. It doesn't even take five minutes. No, sir, but you - you disgusting, perverted asshole! - you just have to get your dick wet.60

"You can't even wait until she's done with her shift or on her break. No, you must simply inconvenience us all. We have places to be, you know. Things to do. And you're singlehandedly wasting all of our time while we watch in pure agony as you try to charm the pants off of this poor barista. For once in your fucking life, can you think about something else besides you and your pathetic penis!" She finished her rant by angrily yelling the word "penis".84

You could hear a pin drop it was so quiet.24

Everyone stared at us, mostly her, in shock. And when she'd finished her unhinged rant, their gazes shifted to me, waiting to see my reaction to her outburst. Waiting for their star player to depict how this situation would play out going forward.4

My eyes stayed locked on hers as I stared at her in silence. I let her words sink in and mellow. Let them try and cut me. "Are you done?"22

Her gaze perused my face, a hint of caution edging her expression, but clearly, she didn't know when to stop because she squared her shoulders and lifted her chin in defiance. 1

She shook her head and continued, "No. No, I'm not done. You're a terrible person, you know. You lack awareness, you're arrogant, you're self-entitled, you're rude, and you think you're God's gift to women. News flash - you're not. You're just a douchebag and no one here has the balls to say it - except me."26

I looked past her at the person standing there because I couldn't handle another second of looking at her without strangling her. The guy behind was watching us with rapt attention, like we were a bunch of circus animals, here for his amusement and entertainment. Why did I feel like punching him instead? The guy dropped his gaze when he met my glare. 2

I began nodding slowly, gaze trailing over the horror-stricken faces of my fellow Dale students. Hoodie Girl had gone and made this everyone's business. They knew how badly she'd fucked up, even if she had yet to realize it. 29

Did I have a God complex? Maybe. Was I arrogant and rude and all of that other bullshit? Yeah. But, like a God, I looked after my people. I treated them with just as much respect and honor as they treated me with. I recognized their worship and praise and knew I would be nothing without them. But for this girl, this nobody, to tell me to stop thinking about myself and consider those around me - what the fuck did she know?70

I looked back at her and finally spoke. "If you had pulled your head out of your ass sometime in those ten minutes, you'd know that the coffee machine is broken, that they told us it would take a while to repair, and that I'm only waiting for them to fix it. And that who I flirt with or who I fuck is none of your business."199

She inhaled sharply at my words, her cheeks staining with more red as realization started to sink in. She lost most of her steam quickly. Her eyes flickered over to the baristas and the coffee machine before coming back to mine. Seeing the anger in my eyes, she renewed her own anger at me. +

"It is when you're shoving it in my face."7

I ran my fingers through my hair in frustration. "Again, if you pulled your head out of your ass, you'd notice that I wasn't the one saying all that dirty talk in class. Sure, I never told her to stop, but," I gave her a pointed glare, "Who am I to tell people what to do? Unlike some people."87

Our gazes remained connected as the stillness stretched between us. Our vehement dislike for one another was obvious as people continued to watch us. She swallowed, pulling back slightly, and I knew I'd won this round. She was retreating to lick her wounds after trying to publicly humiliate me and having that backfire on her. A commendable effort on her part, but a losing battle nonetheless. Everyone here would always have my back.8

"The machine's working again," the barista whispered into the tense atmosphere.6

"Thanks, Georgia," I said, not taking my eyes off Hoodie Girl. "Why don't you help this customer? She seems like she could do with a cup of coffee. And do you guys help remove sticks from asses? If you do, be sure to help her with that too."46

"Asshole." Hoodie Girl muttered, finally dropping my gaze to look at the barista. "If you spit in my coffee, I'll go full Karen. One sugar and extra cream. Also, two banana muffins and four chocolate chip cookies. No, six cookies. Oh, and I don't need help removing the stick up my ass - I kinda like how it feels. I'll be keeping it there. You never know when you could use it to beat the crap out of someone." 100

I scoffed, crossing my arms over my chest as I glared at her. "No apology?"+

"I wasn't aware you needed one. Just because I was a little off doesn't mean I was wrong. You're still all the things I accused you of, and I still find you detestable. I just hope to God I never see you again. I might have to gouge my eyes out just to put a stop to the torture of looking at you, even if it kills me." She handed over her card to pay for the drink.21

"All the more reason to see you again." I smiled darkly.7

"Oh, if I go down, I'll be taking you with me. Let's only hope you don't try to chat up Satan. He might not be so open to your pervy advances." She thrust her chin forward and fixed me with her now-infamous glare.13

"Now you're just being immature."1

"Oh, like you weren't."3

"I'd wager I've been more mature than you have."6

"Right. Because you're a shining example of maturity."+

"You certainly aren't."+

"Neither are you."+

"This conversation is going nowhere."10

"This isn't a conversation. I don't converse with people I despise. This is an argument. But I agree - it's going nowhere. So let's agree to go our separate ways and never speak again."+

"Huh, you've finally said something I can agree with. So why don't you just take your coffee?" I swiped the cup and bag of food from Georgia's hands and thrust them into Hoodie Girl's hands. Then, I gestured at the door. "And leave. Don't let the door hit you on the ass on the way out. Or do. I don't care."12

"You're just proving my point, you know." She said, having to get the last word in. She then took an obnoxious sip of her coffee before spinning around and calmly walking out of the shop, ignoring everyone around her.4

I had to give it to her; balls of steel that one. 7

I became aware of everyone's gaze on me and growled, "Show's over, people. Carry on with your fucking lives. Georgia. Coffee. Stat."23

"Yes, sir."11

°•°•°•°+

+


      
  
    
        
    
    
      
        
        
      
    
   
  9

+

I really loved writing their banter. The enemies' part of an enemies-to-lovers book is just too good.6


      
  
    
        
    
    
      
        
        
      
    
   


Happy reading!Brooke+


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

I was greeted with a loud girly scream as I stepped into the communal house I shared with seven other girls. I stopped in the entryway with a confused frown and looked towards the old oak stairs - the direction the scream originated from.7

The god-awful lime green house was a two-story wreck with two tiny bathrooms, an outdated kitchen, a living room that always had reality shows playing on the TV, a dining room turned home gym that was hardly used and seven bedrooms. Five of the bedrooms were upstairs - along with one of the bathrooms. I stayed in one of the upstairs bedrooms, one of three that faced the road - meaning I had a street lamp shining directly into my window all night. It was really annoying finding curtains thick enough to block out the light. 4

There was a bunch of muffled voices and movement, and then another ear-piercing scream cut through the air, making me jump. It sounded like someone was giving birth. 15

I closed the door behind me and hurried up the stairs, one of my hands trailing up the old metal railing. Pieces of old paint flaked off, and I wiped my hand on my pants. I winced when there was another scream and followed the noise to the second room on the right from the stairs. The red door was wide open, so I popped my head in to see what all the commotion was -+

And stared directly into my roommate's vagina.63

Jenny, the owner of said vagina, was lying on her bed, legs spread and facing the door as three of our other roommates surrounded her. They were all very focused on the area between Jenny's legs, bent over to examine it more closely. Tanya practically had her nose buried in it.49

Groaning, I closed my eyes - trying to banish the mental image I now had of Jenny's nether regions. My eyes shot back open when Jenny let out another agonized yell. What the hell was happening?1

"Sorry, sorry. It's just really stuck in there." Tanya, the dark-haired Latina, mumbled. She was the one actually touching our roommate's genitals, poking and prodding as her arm lay casually on Jenny's stomach. Upon closer inspection, I could see she was wearing a pair of blue hospital gloves as she worked between Jenny's legs.9

"Uuh... hey, guys," I said, unsure if I should interrupt whatever they were doing. It could have been some kind of bonding ritual between them all. If so, I wanted nothing to do with it.+

All of the girl's heads swiveled in my direction - minus Tanya. Amanda, a stunning brunette with dark blue eyes, narrowed her eyes at me. Her eyes traveled up and down my body, before she looked back at Jenny, unimpressed with whatever she saw and intent on ignoring me. She always had that expression on her face whenever she saw me. To be fair, I don't think I ever smiled at her either. 3

Next to Amanda was her best friend and lackey, Penelope. She would deny it vehemently if any of us pointed it out, but it was really obvious how much she sought out Amanda's praise and validation. It was a toxic friendship, but I wasn't going to say anything. Penelope was what you'd call fun-sized. She was pretty with big brown eyes and pale bleached blonde hair, just really tiny.+

"Oh, hey, Hannah," Jenny said through gritted teeth, wincing at something Tanya did. She gave me a small wave.+

Jenny was pretty cool. She always tried to include me in everything despite Amanda's complaints. She was also the mom of the group and fucking one of the most popular guys on the football team. It was a kinda recent development and she was still very insecure about it. She thought he was going to leave her at any second and worked hard to keep his attention. Maybe he'd given her an STD? Those types of guys weren't exactly known for being faithful.+

"What's happening?" I asked, looking anywhere but between Jenny's legs.3

"Jenny got a piercing at some dodgy piercing shop and now it's infected. And swollen. And bleeding. Serves her right for not using common sense." Tanya scoffed.58

"I was trying to be adventurous and cool." Jenny moaned, squeezing her eyes shut. "You guys are always going on about how uptight and responsible I am. Well, this is what I get for trying to step out of my comfort zone." She let out a gasp and her legs tensed. I could see her toes curling from where I stood.14

"And you went for a genital piercing?" I tilted my head, one brow raised.6

"I might have been slightly-very drunk and let the guy convince me to do it." She flinched. She looked like she was about to burst into tears and I kinda felt bad for her.5

"You know he was just trying to see your kitty-kat, right?" Tanya added, squinting her eyes at something.1

"Now I do." Jenny took deep pained breaths.+

"I think it was a cool idea. It looked sexy. You know - before the infection." Amanda shot me a glare, daring me to say otherwise.+

I shot a defiant glare at her, my gaze matching her disdain for me. Amanda, with her bitchiness and stuck-up demeanor, was the type of person you instantly disliked at first sight. Her presence was like a constant thorn in my side, a reminder of the simmering tension that permeated our shared living space. To make matters worse, she had managed to sway three of our seven roommates to her side, using them to try and further isolate me in the house. Too bad for her, I didn't give a shit. But as I redirected my focus back to the matter at hand, a sense of determination welled up within me. I refused to let Amanda's presence ruin my mood anymore. Today was enough of a shit show as it was.+

"You don't think you should go see a doctor?" I said.6

"I'd be way too embarrassed." Jenny shook her head, "Tanya's studying to be a doctor. She's like the next best thing."3

Tanya popped her head up from between Jenny's legs, glaring at her. "I'm studying to become a psychiatrist, specializing in criminal behavior. That's not even close to being a doctor."21

"You're doing great, Babe." Jenny fisted her sheets until her knuckles went white. She then threw her head back dramatically. "Oh God. This means no sex for a while. What's Matthew going to say? What if he finds someone else? I was so close to convincing him to go steady. What am I going to do?" She whined.18

Amanda perked up, eyes sparkling as a plan unfurled in her head, "Maybe you could invite him over to spend some quality time together? Like a relationship."9

"No way - he'll want sex. I'm not in the best condition - if you haven't already noticed." Jenny glared at Amanda.5

"No, silly. Invite him and his football buddies over so that you guys aren't alone, but you'll still be spending time together so he doesn't get any ideas about moving on. We'll have a movie night or something. The rest of the girls would be so happy to have the team over. I'm willing to bet they'll lose their minds." Amanda grabbed Penelope and shook her with a squeal. "Maybe Tristan Beckett will come. Imagine that - The Tristan Beckett in our house!"23


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

I saw fucking red.40

I stepped out of view from them and started banging on the door. My goal was to scare the living shit out of them. And it seemed I got what I wanted when I heard a chair scrape against the floor and then fall over. I got a sort of sick satisfaction out of hearing him curse and the girl started panicking. There was furious whispering and rustling of clothes as they hurried to clear all evidence of what they'd been doing. Still, they had to believe they'd been caught.3

I was of half a mind to report them anyway.3

The door was yanked open and I came face to face with the man I now considered to be enemy number one.2

"Sir, we were just—" He stopped abruptly when he saw me.9

I watched as recognition covered his too-pretty face. His luscious, swollen lips curled into disgust and he glared down at me, mirrored hatred filling his emerald eyes. His dark hair was a mess, like someone had run their fingers through it and yanked on it. His clothes were also a mess as he'd hurried to make himself presentable; a quick glance down showed me his zipper was still down. At least his shoelaces were tied.5

The girl was hiding behind him but from the brief glimpse I'd gotten of her, she was really pretty. Because of course she was. But for once it wasn't a blonde girl, but a caramel-skinned brunette with red highlights and a great sense of fashion. Her boots were fucking awesome. 4

"Are you stalking me? Because I'm not interested, lady," He spat out.+

"I should be asking you that question, asshole. How is it that we've bumped into each other three times in the span of two days and every single instance has had something to do with your penis?" I crossed my arms and gave him a judgemental stare. 34

He clenched his jaw and opened his mouth to retort but was interrupted. The girl stepped out from behind him once she'd realized I wasn't the librarian. +

She frowned and looked up at him. "What's she talking about, baby?"3

Baby? Oh. Was this his girlfriend? Because if so, I felt really bad for her. Or maybe she had it coming if she was willing to date his sleazy ass. A pity. Girl's with that great of a fashion sense was wasted on assholes like this guy. I could now fully appreciate her vintage jeans and boho top.3

His gaze flicked down to her briefly before coming back to mine. "It's nothing. This weird chick just keeps coming across my path and being a bitch. Like right now."4

"Excuse me," I said, "But you're the one currently in my path. I booked this room for this time period. Which means I'm the only one who should be using it right now. Also — it's purpose is to study in, not fornicate in."16

"Fornicate? What are you? Fifty? And the room was empty. As far as I'm concerned, it was up for grabs. No one actually books any of these rooms — it's first come first served," he argued.2

"Oh yeah?" I raised my brows, "Wanna go and take that up with the librarian? We can both go to him and explain the situation and why you need the room so badly. We'll see what he thinks."2

"You're gonna rat us out to the librarian?" He growled, leaning down in a threatening way.11

I stood my ground. "I should. That'll teach you to steal people's study rooms. It'll also make me feel a whole lot better."2

The girl stepped forward and grabbed my hand. I suddenly remembered that she was here too. She gave me a pleading look as she squeezed my hand. "Please. You can't say anything. I know we were being stupid and we're really sorry. It won't happen again. I promise. Just please don't tell Mr Paulie. The college will phone my parents and they'll kill me. Please." Her eyes were wide and filled with fear.38

I stared at her for a couple of seconds. "Are you his girlfriend?"+

He scoffed, and her eyes went even bigger if that was possible. "No. No, I'm not. I know this makes me sound terrible, but we just met in the library an hour ago. You know about his reputation - he doesn't date."18

I didn't actually, but that was good to know. Gave me even more reason to despise him. I turned to look back at him, and he had his arms crossed as he glared at me. My disgust and anger came back at the sight of him. It was almost magic how quickly the sight of him pissed me off.+

"Maybe I'll just tell Mr Paulie that you were pleasuring yourself in the study room. She won't get in trouble, but you will."17

"You will not spread fake rumors about me jerking off like some loser in the studying rooms. If you do — I'll make your life a living hell," He threatened.30

I narrowed my eyes at him. "Lucky for you, I don't want to disturb Mr Paulie with your perversions — I just want you to leave me alone. You already make my life a living hell. And now I'll have to bleach my ears and eyes because of you and the past two days."1

He snorted. "You're being dramatic. It's not as bad as you're making it out to be."3

"For you, maybe not. But for me? I'd rather not know about your sex life. So just go, and I'll get back to doing what I'd originally planned to do — study." I squeezed around him to get to the room, being careful not to touch him. But before entering completely, I stopped in my tracks.+

"If I find any suspicious fluids, I'll definitely report you." I pointed a finger at him in warning.14

He laughed darkly, "Don't worry, you put a stop to any suspicious fluids coming."32

I scrunched my face in disgust and slammed the door in his face. The girl said something to him and hurried off, sending me a grateful smile through the window. Fuckface made no noise as he stood there for a couple of seconds, probably trying to glare at me through the door. And then he moved and came into view through the window as he walked past.3

I made sure he saw me stick up my middle finger as he walked past. He stopped, seemed to think better of it, shook his head, and then carried on walking.5

Good riddance.26

I picked up the fallen chair and moved it to the corner of the room, examining it for any gross liquids. It seemed clean but I wasn't going to chance it. I chose the other chair and dumped my bag on the table. I also pulled out my vast array of snacks to get me through the next couple of hours. Time to do some actual studying.+

That is if I could actually concentrate. My whole day had been thrown off its axis thanks to that asshole. Again.+

We really needed to stop running into each other.10

°•°•°•°+


      
  
    
        
    
    
      
        
        
      
    
   
  18

Will we be visiting the library again... maybe.Will there be smut? No. Hannah would never let Tristan fuck her in a College library, Lol.5


      
  
    
        
    
    
      
        
        
      
    
   


Happy reading!Brooke+


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

Luck must have finally been shining down on me because I didn't run into Fuckface for the next two days. It was amazing. The sun was brighter, the temperature was warmer and the air just smelled a whole lot sweeter. I was finally starting to recover from the trauma of interacting with him. 8

I'd managed to phone Bailey and tell her everything — because everyone knew that the best kind of therapy came from your best friend. Though, in this instance, she was useless. All she could focus on was trying to get me to tell her how hot he was. It was with great reluctance and disgust that I finally admitted he was one of the hottest men I'd ever seen and that he had the body of a Greek God. At least it seemed that way. I was praying that under his clothes he was actually really hideous. A bit of a far reach but it made me happier to picture it.19

I didn't even complain when my mom called to gossip about my dad's new young girlfriend again. I just listened to everything she said as I ate microwaved ramen and mini-pizzas. And then my dad called soon after to complain about my mother annoying him while I ate cookies and cream ice-cream. Afterward, I settled in to watch a new series I was interested in and was pleasantly surprised by how good it was. Even sleep was good that night. No nightmares or sad dreams this time. 5

All was good with the world again.8

This is why I decided to treat myself to a meal at the popular bar and grill, Moxie, near campus. It was Friday so I went pretty early to avoid the evening crowd. I thought I'd focus on one of my assignments while enjoying a plate of their famous nachos. +

The bar was a ten-minute drive from our place with traffic. I parked my car in the gravel lot outside the bar. As I approached the weathered brick structure, I couldn't help but admire its rustic charm. The faded blue paint on the exterior hinted at its age, and the slightly creaking sign above swayed in the evening breeze, adding to the overall nostalgic feel. The low hum of chatter and distant notes of music seeping through the door promised a fun time.6

Apparently, this bar was as old as Dale University itself.6

Entering through the creaking double doors, I found myself enveloped in a warm, inviting atmosphere. The interior was adorned with vintage posters and memorabilia, proudly displayed on the brick walls. The rows of lights overhead cast a soft, golden glow, as generic rock music played in the background. +

Several flatscreens played a recording of an old football game. It had to be one of our school's matches because one-half of the players were wearing blue and silver — our college colors. The few patrons that were here were focused on the screens or quietly chatting amongst each other.1

As I walked further into the establishment, I couldn't help but notice the array of signed posters and photographs on the walls. Some of them were a testament to the talented musicians and artists who'd played here in the past. The rest were sports posters with scribbled autographs all over them. 1

The bar itself was an impressive sight — a polished wooden masterpiece that spanned the length of the room. Behind it stood two bartenders, manning the bar with the vibrant array of bottles on the shelves behind them.+

To the side, I spotted a row of private booths, each tucked away for those seeking a bit of seclusion. Perfect for me and where I usually sat on the rare occasions I came here. I flagged down one of the waiters as I scooted into the furthest booth, sitting so that my back was facing the entrance. I put my bag onto the seat next to me and got settled in.1

°•°•°•°+


      
  
    
        
    
    
      
        
        
      
    
   


I found myself lingering at the bar much longer than intended, completely engrossed in my work. In the zone, I managed to make significant progress on my assignment. Sitting back, I stretched my fingers. They ached from typing for two hours straight.1

I looked around for the waiter and blinked in surprise when I saw how crowded the place had gotten. The place had transformed into a lively hub of activity, brimming with college students. Nearly every table was occupied, and the air was filled with laughter and animated conversations. 2

I thought about taking off, but I was still hungry. So I flagged down one of the female waitresses and ordered another plate of Nachos. It was getting a little chillier in the evening, so I put on one of my dark blue hoodies and got to work packing my laptop and books away while I waited for my food.9

"Hey, is it okay if my friends and I take over this table? There's nowhere left, and we're a pretty big group." A man's voice asked from above me.+

I quickly finished zipping up my bag and looked up to address the man who'd spoken to me. I'd fully intended to agree, and I was happy to finish my nachos at the bar.+

Of course, that was until I saw who it was.8

His eyes locked onto mine, recognition flickering across his face. His reaction was immediate. A sudden jerk of his head as a bitter, humorless laugh escaped his lips.+

"Okay, this is getting weird now. What the fuck?" He shook his head in disbelief.9

I glowered at him. "This table is occupied. Move along." 8

"It clearly isn't." He gestured at the rest of the open seats.+

"Uh... hi. I'm sitting here. Meaning it's occupied." I looked at him like I thought he was stupid. Which I did.2

"Oh really? Congratulations on stating the obvious. Now, do you mind finding another place to sit? We need the space." He glared down at me.8

I crossed my arms and raised a brow. "Who's 'we'?" +

"My friends. Now move."2

"I don't think so. First come, first served — remember?" It felt good to throw his own words back at him.30

He looked up as if he were begging God to give him patience. "Now you're just being a bitch."+

"A favorite pastime of mine," I smirked, wiggling my butt as I made a show of getting comfortable.5


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

My knee bounced to an unidentifiable rhythm as I fixated on the safe sex poster across from where I sat, my fingers digging into my thighs. The girl in the picture wore a wide smile as she embraced some half-hidden guy. A wave of weird questions plagued my mind.+

I wondered what the models were doing right at this very moment — and if they knew they were on a safe sex poster. You'd assume they'd know, but a friend in marketing had once told me that models often found themselves unknowingly featured in an array of ads. How freaky was that? You casually flip through a magazine only to stumble upon your own face, grinning back at you from an advertisement for hemorrhoid cream or who knows what else.22

The click of the door opening had me jerking out of my stupor. I watched as another student, a girl in a long flowery dress and combat boots, stepped out of the office. She gave me a friendly smile and sauntered down the hallway. I cleared my throat and stood up, grateful for a reprieve from the horrible airport bench they used as waiting chairs. I walked over to the now-closed door and knocked, waiting for permission to enter.1

"Come in," a woman's voice answered.+

I stepped into the room, closing the door behind me. My advisor's office exuded a sleek modernity, adorned with geometric shapes and a palette of neutral tones. The walls had numerous mounted shelves, proudly displaying an array of books and fake plants, interspersed with framed certificates and awards. The overall aesthetic conveyed an air of professionalism and taste.+

My college advisor — Aubrey Harold — sat behind her sleek office desk, looking beautifully prim and proper. But she wasn't just a pretty face; she was also a very accomplished businesswoman and well-known author. She only worked as an advisor because she had a special relationship with Dale University's Dean and, if you believed rumors, Professor Coleman — our school's psychology professor. Professor Coleman had been my second-year professor before I got stuck with Professor Haynes this year. And he was... very good-looking. A girl in my second year got in trouble after she got undressed and waited for him in his office, only for him and the Dean to walk in. I never saw her again after that.18

Right now, Ms. Harold held my future in her hands.+

Smiling politely, I went to sit down on one of the two dark green visitor's chairs. I put my bag on the floor by my feet and folded my hands in my lap, waiting for her to talk first. Ms. Harold watched me with a small smile, one corner of her red lips lifted.+

"Hello, Hannah." She greeted, reclining in her chair. "How are you doing today?"+

"Uh... good. Normal. It's Monday, so... I'm busy with schoolwork and stuff like that." I shrugged, running my hands up and down my thighs.+

"Anything interesting happen lately?" She reached for her drawer, blonde hair cascading flawlessly over her shoulder. 9

Her question lingered in the air as she retrieved the folder. My mind raced, replaying the events of the last week.1

I shook my head, "Nope."2

With a chuckle, she straightened up, fixing her hair, and placing a thick manila folder on the desk in front of me. My eyes fixated on it. Was I supposed to take it or...?+

"Let's dive right in, shall we?" she said, holding up the folder. "A number of companies got back to me, expressing interest in you. I've printed out information on each of them and put them in the folder. I recommend that you read through each one carefully before making a decision. Though..." She flipped open the folder. The cover page displayed a company name—IntelliClin Research Solutions—in bold letters. Her perfectly manicured finger pointed to the name, leaving a faint impression on the page.1

"I would pay close attention to this one. IntelliClin offers a remarkable internship experience, working alongside esteemed experts as an assistant to a Clinical Research Coordinator. They're involved in groundbreaking cases, Hannah. You could be involved in these ground-breaking cases." 7

I leaned forward, interested. +

"What's the catch?" I asked, my skepticism making a play.1

"The catch?" She raised one perfect brow.+

"There's always a catch," I insisted.1

She smiled. "Clever girl. The catch is that it's based in Washington, DC, and it's a long-term commitment. You'd have to transfer there to complete your studies while pursuing the internship."1

"Leave Dale?" My face dropped. "Move all the way to DC?"11

She gave me a sympathetic nod, "Yes, but listen, Hannah—this is an extraordinary opportunity. Don't let the fear of moving hold you back. I'll assist with the transfer process, coordinating with the advisors and staff at the other college. It can be a seamless transition. Trust me."2

I withdrew slightly, my throat constricting. "But... it's so far away. I doubt my parents would approve."+

"Would you like me to speak to them?" +

"No. I-I'll do it. How much time do I have to decide?" I asked.+

Noticing my apprehension, she rose from her swivel chair and came around the desk to stand beside me. She put a hand on my shoulder and squeezed gently, her pale eyes meeting mine.+

"You still have a couple of weeks before I have to give them an answer. Take the folder and read through everything. Just be sure to take your time so that you make an informed decision. And put yourself first, okay?" 3

I nodded and took the folder she offered. It felt heavy — heavier than it probably was.3

°•°•°•°+


      
  
    
        
    
    
      
        
        
      
    
   
  1

I was sitting in Health Psych, lost in my own thoughts as the class slowly filled. In my head, I was playing out the conversation I had to have with my parents. My dad might be cool with it, but my mom? She'd totally freak out. She'd always been super protective and kind of overbearing, especially when it came to me and my younger brother.4


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

I was off.+

I was just... off.5

Practice had been a bitch and my whole body felt like it had been flattened by a ten-ton truck. Might as well be true. My teammates weren't holding back — as they shouldn't — but today? I was running on fumes.+

I had been like this the whole fucking week. 2

I yanked off my helmet and bent over, putting my hands on my knees and taking deep breaths. It was like my brain had taken a vacation without me. I couldn't concentrate on anything, and I was making Rookie mistakes. I was running at half my usual speed, and I couldn't catch a ball to save my life. It was like my hands had developed a sudden allergy to pigskin. They fumbled and flailed and dropped every throw. It was fucking embarrassing.5

I couldn't do shit. 2

"Fuck," I groaned, running a hand through my wet hair and splitting out the phlegm that had gathered at the back of my throat.27

I stayed hunched over, sweat pouring down my face, while I wondered how the fuck I'd ended up in this sorry state. This wasn't how it was supposed to be. I was the smooth-talking, quick-thinking, go-getter guy who had it all under control. +

Straightening as I interlocked my hands behind my head, I focused on my breathing. I needed to calm down before my team saw how much this funk was getting to me. Because whatever the fuck this was needed to stop. Like, right now. 2

Our first pre-season game was tomorrow and I couldn't afford to start off the season looking like a fucking noob. Not when my whole team was trusting me to lead them to the Championships. Not when I was entering the NFL draft after this year.4

"Hey, man," Tate drawled as he jogged over, his helmet tucked under his arm.+

I let out a sigh and dropped my hands to my sides. Tate, my closest friend and co-captain, stopped beside me. He placed one massive hand on my shoulder, a show of support that only increased my frustration.+

Fuck. I felt like I was really letting him down.+

"We all have off-days, Beckett. Don't beat yourself up too much," he said.1

"It's been like this all fucking week, Tate. I can't afford to pull this shit tomorrow," I growled.3

"You won't. You couldn't possibly play any worse than you did today," he joked, slapping my shoulder.+

I let out a bark of laughter. "Thanks for the vote of confidence, but don't jinx it. I might as well be playing pee wee right now."5

Tatum's eyes sobered and met mine. "Exactly. It's our first preseason game, unimportant in the long run. Who the fuck cares?" +

"Uh, I do? It's my first official match as the Knight's Captain. Sue me if I want to start off with a bang."+

"I think you need to be doing a different kind of banging. When's the last time yo—"4

"Yo, Captain! What the fuck was that?" Joey Finnigan's voice boomed, cutting through the air as him and a small group of my teammates made their way over to us.1

Tatum shot Joey a dark glare, his intense gaze matched by the sheer size of him.+

Tatum fucking Mitchell was a terrifying man to lesser men, standing at 6'7 and built like a beast, he wasn't someone you squared up to. That face-bush he called a beard made him even more monstrous at first glance, but when you got to know him, he was an awesome dude. It's why he was my co-captain.14

I quickly intervened, squeezing Tate's shoulder, grateful for his support but not wanting him to fight my battles for me. My teammates were already stressed about tomorrow's game, and my shitty performance wasn't helping matters. I needed to reassure them that everything would be fine, even if I didn't quite believe it myself.+

I turned to face the group, straightening my shoulders and giving them a confident smile. "Hey, guys. I'm just having a shitty day — week. Happens to the best of us, am I right? But it'll wear off soon, I promise."+

Joey, known for being a dickhead on his nice days and a son of a bitch at his worst, stepped forward, his face twisted with anger.2

"Oh, yeah? 'Cause this crap has been happening all week, and today takes the cake. You better let us know if you're gonna be a liability tomorrow, so we can figure out our backup plan," He snarled, stepping forward, and shoving his face in mine as an attempt to intimidate me.1

Or, he tried to. There was an entire head's difference between my Cornerback and me, meaning he had to look up at me.8

I narrowed my eyes at him, folding my arms and forcing him to take a step back. "I'm still the best damn quarterback in this whole fucking district, and I'm your Captain, Finnigan. Show me the respect I've earned."9

He reluctantly took a step back, his glare darkening. "Talk is cheap. Let's see you prove it on the field."1

I scoffed, "I can play just fine. Now stand down, Finnigan, and don't push me. Trust me when I say you don't want to fuck around and find out."3

He hesitated, wariness entering his gaze. Finally, he spat out a resentful, "Fine," before storming off towards the locker rooms, his anger trailing behind him like a dark cloud.+

No one followed him. I let out a slow breath, feeling the tension in the air slowly dissipate. My gaze shifted back to my teammates, who'd been watching this whole show go down with rapt attention. +

With renewed conviction, I faced them fully, making sure my voice carried across the field. "Listen up, everyone! I get it. You're all counting on me. But tomorrow and for the rest of this season, we'll come out stronger than ever, and we'll show everyone what we're made of. This year's team is gunning to be the best and break records. We'll win the championships or we'll die trying."+

Some of the tension in my body eased as proud grins broke out on their faces. Everything I'd said had been true. We were currently the talk of the town in the football world with how strong of a team we had this year. A lot of eyes would be on us tomorrow and onwards.+

And there was a slight possibility that I was gonna look like an idiot at tomorrow's match.+

Turning, I led the way to the locker rooms, my teammates following suit. Tomorrow was a fresh start, an opportunity to prove ourselves. I'd find a way to get over whatever this was.+

Tate fell into step beside me. "Shake off this funk and show 'em what you're made of." He lifted his hand and we bumped fists.+

As I made my way off the field, Coach Morey shifted his attention away from his conversation with the assistant coach to me. His arms were crossed tightly over his chest, emphasizing his no-nonsense demeanor. +


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

And there, bent over to retrieve something from the fridge, was the sexiest ass I'd ever seen. Heart-shaped and wrapped skin-tight in dark yoga pants, it was the stuff of every man's fantasies. Especially bent over like that. A man couldn't help but imagine doing dirty things to it.28

I stayed frozen in my spot, unable to take my eyes off the picture of perfection in front of me. I could already tell I'd be jerking off to this image whenever I had a spare minute in the shower. 35

She stood up, long hair tumbling down to her middle back in a wave of caramel and blonde. It swayed and bounced with her movements, almost hypnotic - and my whole body froze in anticipation. I was dying to see what she looked like from the front. +

"Hey," I said, trying to play it cool.1

She let out a small scream, making me jerk, before spinning around to meet her assailant. Not that I was her assailant. +

And then, out of nowhere, she chucked a water bottle at my face. She had quite an arm on her because it sailed towards my face at a surprising speed. Lightning fast, I caught it before it could do any damage. 6

I couldn't help but take a moment to savor the fact that I finally caught something this week. Lowering the bottle, I looked back at the girl.3

It took a second because she looked different without her usual hoodies and her hair loose, but those almost transparent blue eyes were unmistakable. As was the familiar glare.3

Our other roommate... well, this isn't really her thing.+

Of course. The words of the redhead resonated in my head, and a grin spread across my face. It was like a lightbulb had suddenly switched on in my brain, illuminating the absolute absurdity of this whole fucking situation. And boy, was it hilarious. Starting with a low chuckle, my amusement quickly grew until it morphed into full-blown belly laughs. 1

"Oh, this is too good." My shoulders shook with the force of my laughter, both of my hands raising to clutch at my hair.+

It grew to a point where I couldn't contain it, and I doubled over with laughter, hand on my abs, as the sheer brilliance of it all washed over me. This whole thing felt unreal. And honestly, it felt damn good to let go and embrace that madness, even if it made me look like a total lunatic.11

No-hoodie Girl stared at me with narrowed eyes and I couldn't help but laugh even more, hoping that the movie covered the sounds of my mental breakdown.6

Minutes passed by, and there I was, still laughing like a maniac. It was impossible not to crack up every time I thought about the situation I'd found myself in. Again. I mean, come on, it was just too damn fucking funny. 11

I tried to straighten myself up, but it was no use. The laughter kept surging through me like an uncontrollable wave, and I rode it hard. 1

"Are you okay? Is this some kind of a psychotic break?" No-hoodie girl asked, backing away from me slowly.21

You know what? Maybe she was right. Maybe I was losing it. But you know what else? Everything suddenly became crystal clear to me. She was the fucking cause of all my problems-the terrible playing, the lack of sex, and the messed-up state of mind I'd been in all week. It all boiled down to her, and she had somehow managed to reduce me to a complete idiot who couldn't stop laughing.2

I couldn't help but laugh even harder, not because it was funny, but because the truth hit me like a shit ton of bricks. The pieces of the puzzle fell into place, and it all started to make sense. 2

She should be damn proud of herself. 3

She'd singlehandedly managed to break the impenetrable Captain of the Coloradan Knights, and one of the most talented quarterbacks in the entire United States. I mean, seriously, not even my rivals on the field had come close to disarming me like she did. And to think, all of this happened within a measly two weeks.10

But here's the kicker, no really - I still didn't even know her name. This whole time, she had wreaked havoc on my life, turning it upside down, and I hadn't even bothered to find out who she was. +

I was both impressed and disturbed, as I acknowledged the undeniable impact this unknown girl had on my life. +

Well played, Hoodie girl, well played.2

"You." I wagged my finger at her, standing upright as I finally got my breathing under control, still chuckling occasionally.1

"Me?" She raised a single uncertain brow, frowning at me in caution.+

"You did this." I took a deep breath, looking up at the ceiling to gather my composure and letting out a blissful sigh as I grinned.4

Wow. Who knew laughing like a lunatic could make you feel so good?+

"Did what?"+

"This. Everything. You've messed up my entire life, and you're going to fix it before tomorrow, or I swear to all that is holy, I'll find a way to make your life miserable." I said all this with a happy grin, still riding the high.1

The look of caution fell from her beautiful face, replaced by her signature glare. She put her hands on her hips and said, "You're going to have to elaborate. How exactly have I messed up your life? And how am I going to fix it? Hmm? Any suggestions?" She asked sarcastically.+

Fuck her for being so hot when she was pissed off. 29

I thought about it for a few seconds as she glowered at me. How could she fix this? Clearly, staying away from each other wasn't doing jack shit, as evidenced by the disaster of a week I'd just had. +

I ignored the twitching part of me that remembered the curves of her ass, that noticed the swell of her tits behind the loose tank top she was wearing and focused on her full lips. Yeah, my lower half had a few suggestions, but I suspected that if I voiced them to her, she'd saw off my dick and pickle my balls. I was very attached to them, so I stayed quiet.12


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

I woke up to something tickling my nose, annoying the hell out of me. I groaned and turned my face into the pillow, rubbing my nose against the soft cotton fabric to help alleviate the itch. Feeling relieved, I grunted and tightened my hold around the warm body, pulling her closer.26

A wave of strawberries and vanilla washed over me, and I couldn't resist burying my face in the curve of her neck, taking in a deep breath. God, she smelled fucking incredible. I trailed my lips along the soft skin of her slender neck, leaving small kisses in their wake. Gently, I pressed my lips against the sensitive area behind her ear, feeling the delicate pulse beneath. A shiver danced through her frame and she let out a soft moan. A small smile curved on my lips as I felt her body respond to my touch. 44

My right hand palmed a handful of warm, supple flesh - one hard nipple poking into the center of my palm. My hand squeezed gently and I smirked, my eyes still closed as I enjoyed their warm weight in my hands. I knew when I had a pair of tits in my hands. And these were nice tits - not very big, but a decent handful. 38

Still cupping her breast, I pulled her even closer as my body began to wake up. I pressed her ass against me snuggly, the soft curves of her backside molding to my hips. I couldn't help but give a gentle thrust into her ass.19

As per usual, my dick had woken up before me, only now it was throbbing against her ass - demanding immediate entry. I had half a mind to give him what he wanted.3

I swear my eyes nearly rolled back into my head when she arched her back and wiggled her ass, grinding and rubbing against my cock. I placed my hand on her hip so that I could guide and control her movements, pulling her back into my soft thrusts. Back and forth, I rocked her hips, my breathing picking up as all of the blood in my body traveled to my lower half.+

Fuck. This felt so good. Too good.32

When was the last time I dry-humped someone? Possibly never. I'd obviously been missing out because this was definitely the best way to wake up. Then again - when was the last time I'd woken up with a girl in my arms? My paranoia and fear had led me to leave the moment I was done with any woman. I could count on one hand the number of times I'd slept (actual sleep) with a woman and the answer was none. But I was for sure going to take advantage of this situation. It had already happened so I might as well enjoy it.7

I needed to kiss her. +

"Babe, I need you to turn over. I want that gorgeous mouth on mine." My voice was a deep rumble, laced with sleep and arousal.14

"Hmm?" She gave a sleepy moan and my dick jerked in response.+

I pressed my lips against her exposed shoulder, savoring the sweet taste of her creamy skin. With my chin resting on her shoulder, I took a moment to lazily admire her. 3

Her eyes were closed, shielding those hypnotizing blues from me. Her golden hair cascaded across the pillow, framing her face like a halo. Light poured in through the gaps in the curtains and the strands seemed to glow in the dim light. My fingers itched to touch them, to feel their softness. To fist them as I fucked her seven ways to Sunday. 25

It took me a moment to realize that she was actually in my arms, and a strange mix of surprise and desire coursed through me. In that hazy, dreamlike state between sleep and wakefulness, my mind quickly replayed the memories of our past encounters. The arguments, the threats, and the mutual hatred. But in that moment, as I pressed her feminine form to mine, it felt like all of that was insignificant. My need to touch her outweighed any grudges or animosity I may have held towards her in the last two weeks.3

My body stirred with a powerful desire, craving every inch of her gorgeous body. I was willing to let go of the past, willing to embrace the possibilities of the present, if it meant I could have her, fuck her, right then and there. 9

Her long eyelashes fluttered as she stirred, a soft sigh escaping her lips. She let out a wide yawn and blinked as her bleary eyes adjusted to the dim light. Lifting her head, she frowned before turning her head to me, our eyes locking. I smirked at her puzzled expression, my grip on her loosening as I shifted my position, crawling on top of her in a push-up position. A full minute passed as we stared at each other. 12

"Hey," I smirked, rubbing a strand of her hair between my thumb and forefinger.6

"This isn't just some bad dream, is it?" Her voice was strained, angry even.17

This wasn't going to go the way I wanted, was it?16

"No... but it could be a good dream, if you want?" I tried teasing, rubbing her nose with my own. She didn't reciprocate, only gave me a dead stare.5

"Get off of me before I make sure you never have any kids. My knee is at the perfect height right now." 30

Yeah. I wasn't getting laid this morning. With a sigh, I rolled to the side, bouncing on the mattress as I fell onto my back. I ran a hand through my messy hair, letting out a disappointed sigh as I stared up at the ceiling. My dick was still throbbing and trying to tear through the front of my pants, a painful reminder that I wasn't gonna get any relief. 4

Sorry, buddy, but these waters did not want to be explored.2

"You have three seconds to explain why you're still here and another three seconds to leave." She sat up, scooting as far away from me as she could while leveling me with an accusing look.1

Deciding not to pay her any mind, I tucked my hands behind my head and crossed my ankles. I looked completely at ease - minus the huge tent in my pants. It was kinda funny looking actually. Especially when her eyes kept darting to it, getting wider each time.1

"You fell asleep somewhere between the alien invasion and the destruction of Mars. Unfortunately, you did miss a banger sex scene between one of the main dudes and some alien babe," I chuckled, remembering the scene.3

"Ugh," She groaned and climbed off the end of the bed. "Is sex the only thing you ever think about?"6

"Pretty much- hey, what are you doing!" I yelled as she grabbed onto my leg and started pulling. She never actually did anything, but I was still surprised.+


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

We managed to get all the way downstairs and into the living room without detection. The girls were focused on their morning routines, so they remained easily distracted. Which worked wonders when you were attempting to discreetly sneak out a giant man from the house.1

I stood in the doorway, keeping a lookout, while whatever-his-name-was searched for his phone. Five minutes in, and each passing moment seemed to stretch longer, making me more fidgety and anxious.3

"What is taking you so long!" I whispered-yelled, poking my head into the room in exasperation.+

He was on the floor in a plank position busy looking under the couch. Without looking at me, he answered, "I can't find it anywhere. Maybe my buddies took it with them — or maybe one of your roommates has it and is busy taking nude selfies as we speak."5

I rolled my eyes. "Just keep looking, idiot."+

"What do you think I'm doing?" He growled.1

"Wasting our time. Have you looked between the couch cushions? If we don't find it in the next few seconds, we're leaving."+

"Of course I've looked— Ah ha! Found it." He pulled the black smartphone from between the cushions and presented it to me with a proud look on his gorgeous face.3

"Great! Now let's g—"+

I stopped when I heard someone coming down the stairs. It was Molly, still dressed in her lime pj's, hair curled to perfection, and wearing a blue face mask. I ducked into the living room and quickly ran to him. Grabbing him by the shirt, I maneuvered him behind the couch and shoved him down so that he was hidden. I gently smacked him when he tried to peek over the edge to see who was coming. He rubbed his head and glared at me before pinching my calf in retaliation. Drama queen.5

Molly walked past the entryway and stopped when she saw me. She gave me a confused look and said, "Ha—"+

I cut her off before she could reveal my name. "Molly! Hey! How are you this lovely morning?" My smile was large and forced.+

"Uhh." She gave me a weirded-out look. "I'm okay? What are you doing behind the couch?"2

"Oh... I lost something and thought this would be a great place to look. Don't mind me, continue what you were doing." I waved a hand at her nonchalantly. 9

Fuckface shifted, trying to get his huge body into a more comfortable position and using me as an anchor. Which meant I rocked side to side like I was on a boat at sea. When his hand curled around my inner thigh, I squeaked. Fucking squeaked. I tried to discreetly peel his hands off my legs but he wouldn't budge.3

"Okayyy." She shook her head and went to leave, but paused. "Hey, you didn't happen to see a guy wandering around the house yesterday? Tall, really muscular, and like, the hottest guy you've ever seen? He was here yesterday night and then just disappeared. Amanda insists he just got lost and that he didn't go home." +

I could feel Fuckface chuckling silently against my leg. I kicked him.+

"Hottest guy I've ever seen? I doubt that. But no, no I didn't see anyone like that. Have you checked the basement?"7

"The basement? Why would he be in the basement? That's so weird and creepy."1

"Right? But I get the sense he's the type of guy to do that. Call it intuition. Especially if he pulled a disappearing act."2

Molly frowned at me. "I think your imagination is running a little too wild. I'm pretty sure he just bailed, but whatever. I'm gonna go — leave you to do whatever you were doing."+

"Thanks," I said too cheerfully, waving goodbye.+

I waited until she was gone, probably to the kitchen, before looking down at Fuckface. He was sitting in a cross-legged position on the floor with his phone, hand still curled around my thigh, as he typed a message to one of his buddies.4

"Get your hand off me!" I whispered-yelled, smacking the offending hand.1

He dropped it and looked up at me. "My buddy says he'll be here in five minutes. Should we go back to your room to wait?"+

"No. You'll be waiting in the bushes outside. And make sure you stay hidden."9

"What?" He sounded incredulous.1

"You heard me. Now get up before Molly or anyone else comes back." I looked for signs of any of my roommates.+

"I can't have anyone see me hiding in some bushes outside a girls' house. They'll think I'm some pervert!" 9

I gave him the stink eye. "You are a pervert. Now go."9

"Fucking hell!"+

°•°•°•°+


      
  
    
        
    
    
      
        
        
      
    
   


"Hey, man." Tate greeted me as I climbed into the passenger seat of his grey Landrover.+

"'Sup," I groaned, leaning my head back against the headrest.+

My mood had quickly soured as I'd sat hunched down behind an overgrown hedge, trying my best to avoid any detection or weird bugs. I was not a bug guy. Or a spider guy. Would it have really killed that woman to let me wait in her room? Hell, I would have been happy to climb out of the window.4

Fuck her. Seriously, fuck her.32

Any semblance of affection or desire had quickly disappeared the second she'd shoved me out of the house and slammed the door in my face. What if someone had seen me, taken a picture and put it on any social media? That would have been a fucking nightmare to deal with.2

"Are those leaves in your hair?" 11

As he started the car to drive off, I reached up and ran my hands through my hair. It came away with a couple of leaves and twigs, which I promptly threw out the window. I repeated the process until I was sure I had no more vegetation in my hair.+


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

B: We could always get married. Who needs men anyway?14

I couldn't help but laugh as I leaned forward, typing out my reply while the class slowly filled up around me. I had a bit of time to kill, so while everyone chattered and laughed around me, I kept chatting with Bailey, ignoring the rising noise level as I hit send.+

H: Lol. When we're 30, maybe. I'm not looking to settle down any time soon, but I agree. Men suck. That asshole's gonna regret ghosting you.+

B: Maybe I was too kinky for him? He did look scared when I bought out the chains.29

H: Oh my God, you still have those?3

B: Of course I do. They hold a lot of good memories for me.1

H: You're such a freak. +

B: You know when we're married, I'm gonna use them on you.28

I giggled and shook my head at her antics. Bailey's mother worked for a pretty famous lingerie and adult toy franchise as a regional manager, which meant Bailey had access to all kinds of things pertaining to sex. Her parents were also really open and encouraging, never strict or controlling. The complete opposite of my mother. Bailey had given me a vibrator for my sixteenth birthday, but my mother found it and threw it away, so she'd gotten me another one disguised as lipstick. I think I still had it in a drawer in my room at my mom's house.12

What I was trying to get at is that she'd been like this our whole life. Crazy, outgoing, and unashamed. +

"You're laughing? That's new. Didn't know you could do that." A familiar voice drawled.2

I looked up at Fuckface and my smile dropped. My mind flashed to the other morning, to the memories of his strong body wrapped around mine. His drugging kisses and warm hands.8

Shaking my head, I cleared my throat. +

"Can I help you?" I asked, trying to sound indifferent.+

His right hand lifted, showcasing the brown paper bag and the coffee cup he held. A small smile played on his lips, and I couldn't help but feel irritated by his smug demeanor.+

"A deal's a deal, right?" he retorted, his smirk widening as I reluctantly accepted the coffee and cookies.7

I looked up at him, debating whether I should thank him or not until I couldn't resist the temptation any longer; the aroma of freshly baked chocolate chip cookies was just too fucking delicious. My resistance crumbled as I immediately stuck my face in the bag, inhaling deeply, and a soft moan escaped my lips. As much as I wanted to dislike him, I couldn't deny the deliciousness of the cookies. I took a long sip of the coffee, feeling the lukewarm liquid slide down my throat. It wasn't piping hot, but I wasn't going to complain.5

I brought a cookie to my lips and took a bite. The soft cookie melted on my tongue, making it hard to suppress a satisfied sigh. I refused to let him see how much I was enjoying myself, though, and tried to maintain an air of indifference. I must have failed because he chuckled, the deep rumble settling in my lower belly.+

"Good?" he asked, grinning.+

I glanced at him briefly, my annoyance returning. "It's just a cookie," I shrugged.+

"You're welcome," He rolled his eyes.5

"Thanks," I muttered, nibbling on the edges of the cookie.1

I nearly dropped my treat when he tossed his backpack on the desk and plopped himself into the seat next to me. He immediately started manspreading, his leg pushing into mine.7

"What are you doing? This wasn't part of the agreement."+

"It wasn't not part of the agreement." His grin was pure evil.2

Crossing his arms, he settled into the seat, appearing entirely at ease. He closed his eyes, adopting a relaxed posture, which only served to amplify my frustration. Even while half-lying on the chair, he still managed to tower over me, his black compression shirt accentuating his bulging arms and massive pecs even more so than normal. The sight was annoyingly distracting.14

"Your existence gives me a headache. Can't you go sit somewhere else?"+

"No." He never even bothered to open his eyes as he answered me.+

"Are you being serious right now?" I glared at him.+

"As a heart attack — or a headache in your case." His full lips curved into a small self-satisfied smile.7

Asshole.+

My eyes shot daggers at him as I seethed in silence, but he remained completely unaffected. Clenching my fists tightly, I tore my gaze away from him. New plan — I would move somewhere else. I gathered my belongings, shoving them into my bag.+

He popped one eye open and asked, "What are you doing?"+

"Leaving." +

"Running away you mean. Coward." He snorted and closed his eyes again.+

Determined not to engage in another pointless argument, I stayed silent and stood up, hoisting my bag over my shoulder. The strap pulled at the fabric of my dark blue hoodie, and I took a moment to adjust it before scanning the room for empty seats. The lecture hall was pretty much empty except for two seats. One was right next to the air conditioner, which was infamous for its icy gusts, and the other was beside a weird guy who seemed engrossed in something beneath his desk. Our professor liked to keep the AC on full so that's why it felt like walking into a freezer when you stepped through the door.1

I did not like being cold.1

Weird guy it was.4

"Everyone settle down and take a seat!" The professor's voice boomed through the room, demanding everyone's attention. "We need to discuss your upcoming assignment."3

Shit.1

I sat back down with a huff, ignoring his amused chortle, and kept my face facing the front of the class. New new plan — ignore him for the rest of class.1


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

Wednesday Family Dinner nights always came with a headache. They were a great reminder of why I opted not to live at home for free while I pursued my studies. Sometimes I could give an excuse not to come, like studying for a test or feeling a little sick, but that didn't always work. Like right now.4

"I worry so much about you living in that awful house, it's practically falling apart," My mom said, doling out a modest scoop of mashed potatoes onto my plate. "But at least you don't have any male roommates. That's the only thought that lets me sleep at night."8

I looked at my plate and then at the mound of mashed potatoes on my brother's plate. "Could I please have a bit more mash, Mom?"1

"Absolutely not, Hannah. You should watch your figure while you're young," she chided, giving me a disapproving glance.89

Rather than get into an argument with her, I offered a tight-lipped nod and shoved a spoonful into my mouth, hoping that would stop me from saying anything more. The unseasoned starchiness nearly made me choke but I somehow managed to swallow it down. On second thought, I was glad she hadn't given me more. I glanced at my brother, wondering if he was having the same struggle, but he seemed unperturbed, having grown accustomed to our mother's terrible cooking.3

"Good?" My mother inquired, raising one eyebrow inquisitively.2

I forced a strained smile on my lips and nodded. She beamed with satisfaction and pride before taking a bite of her own meal. Her happy expression showed me that she didn't have any tastebuds left.20

Tonight, my mother was dressed in a pale pink cardigan, paired with khaki pants and sensible white flats. Her mostly grey hair was pulled back in its usual neat bun and she wasn't wearing any makeup except for a transparent lip balm, which was probably some natural lip balm her church friends had gifted or sold to her. That was the only reason she'd wear anything like that.4

The only reason I knew how to do my own makeup was because of Bailey. She'd had to teach me in secret or my mother would have killed us.5

We ate in silence for a few minutes, the only discernible sounds being the scrape of our forks against the ceramic plates. A small hiccup disrupted the silence when a dry piece of roast lodged itself in my throat, quickly transforming into a full-blown coughing fit. My mom's brow furrowed with concern, but I waved her off with a dismissive hand as my face flushed with the heat from my coughing.6

An abrupt "oof" escaped me as Jason reached over to pat the shit out of my back. My immediate impulse was to retaliate and smack the shit out of him, but his heavy pats eventually achieved their purpose, and the stubborn piece of meat found its way down. I shot him a venomous glare and he withdrew his hand quickly. Me thinks he might have enjoyed that too much. I made a mental note to pay him back at the first opportunity.11

"Just went down the wrong pipe," I assured my mom once I'd regained my composure, thumping my chest with my fist.+

"That's what she said," Jason's whispered remark reached my ears, catching me off guard and inciting another round of coughing. He'd just risked both of our lives by saying that.23

Mom rose from her chair with a sympathetic expression, announcing, "I'll fetch you a glass of water. You clearly need it."2

As soon as she left the dining room, I immediately punched him in the shoulder — hard because I was his older sister, but also in retaliation for earlier. He let out a pained groan and rubbed his shoulder.1

Jason bore a striking resemblance to me and our dad, sporting the same dark blonde hair, light blue eyes, and a straight nose. The only noticeable difference was his remarkable height. Every time we saw each other, which was usually once a week, it seemed like he had managed to sneak in an extra inch. He was rapidly closing in on six feet, and being his older sister, I couldn't help but entertain the thought of using a pan to knock him back down to his former height.6

"Idiot! What if Mom heard that?" I hissed.+

He gave a nonchalant shrug, "But she didn't."+

"Yeah, lucky for us." I looked down at his nearly empty plate. "How did you manage to finish all of that so quickly? It's so gross."+

"Gross food survival strategy 101: ingest at maximum speed to minimize taste bud torture. You're lucky you missed her infamous meatloaf. That stuff was next-level nasty." He mimicked gagging for emphasis, sticking a finger in his mouth.3

"Ew, don't even describe it," I cringed. "I promise, one night out, I'll steal you away for a feast of the most ridiculously unhealthy food we can find. No Mom commentary allowed, just you and me and a lot of food. We'll pig out until everyone thinks we're gross."4

He laughed and nodded, "My football coach is gonna kill me, but I'm down. I just need you to work your magic on Mom to convince her to let me leave the house without her. Did you know she comes to watch all of my practices? That shit is embarrassing. Last week, she actually chewed out one of my teammates for tackling me a bit too rough for her taste."22

I frowned, "Have you mentioned this to Dad?"+

"Yeah. He promised to have a chat with her, but I can tell he's trying to avoid that minefield for now." He looked down, picking at loose threads on the lace tablecloth.+

I reached out and gave his shoulder a reassuring squeeze. "Don't worry, I'll handle it."+

"You don't have to."+

"I do, actually. You're my little brother, remember? Looking out for you is part of the gig."2

He looked up at me and smiled. "Thanks, Han."22

Our sibling bonding moment was quickly interrupted as our mom reentered the room, holding an obscenely large glass that was meant to have water in it... though it now suspiciously resembled the concoctions those muscle guys chugged down each morning.+

"I put some lemon, garlic, ginger, and cucumber slices into the water. Your skin is looking a little dry and dull — this is a natural remedy that should help. Make sure to drink all of it." 39

°•°•°•°+


      
  
    
        
    
    
      
        
        
      
    
   


+


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

"Hey, Tristan."+

Skylar motioned to the seat beside her, red lips grinning hopefully as she looked at him. But instead of joining her, he went for the seat next to mine, the one my bag was on. He pulled the chair out, grabbed my bag, and stashed both bags on another chair before sitting down. Right next to me.10

A subtle tension hung in the air as Skylar's lips pursed, her gaze darting between Tristan and me. She'd clearly wanted him to sit next to her, there was no way he could have missed that. Cassandra cleared her throat at the awkward atmosphere. I wrestled with my own emotions, suppressing the tiny spark of satisfaction that dared to race through me.5

My body stiffened as his chair pivoted slightly towards me, our knees brushing against each other. I half-expected him to shift away, to put a stop to the contact, but he didn't. I frowned at the sight of our knees touching. If he wasn't going to pull away, then I should, right?+

I didn't.20

"How are we doing today, ladies?" Tristan drawled as he casually slung an arm over the back of my chair.35

My fingers sought out the flash drive nestled within the zipper pocket of my hoodie, deliberately brushing aside his actions and tuning out the ongoing conversation between him and the girls. An unexpected jolt surged through me as my upper back brushed against the warmth of his forearm, that small touch sending a shiver down my back. I shifted my position ever so slightly to the right, resulting in the heel of his thumb resting against my shoulder. Before I could lean forward, his thumb stirred to life, tracing a gentle circle against the fabric of my hoodie. 47

Caught off guard, I sucked in a sharp breath, my startled gaze darting in his direction, but he was preoccupied with listening to Skylar. She recounted her week, something about basketball, and other details that I failed to catch.2

As Skylar's words ebbed away into background noise, the world narrowed to that single point of contact — by the soft, rhythmic sweep of his thumb across my shoulder.+

"Are you nervous for the game tomorrow?" Skyler's question broke my trance, and I looked up to see her resting her chin on her palm and beaming at Tristan.+

Game? Tomorrow? Football, I recalled. His thumb's movements came to a halt, nearly burning a hole through the fabric of my clothing. +

He shrugged, eyes becoming hooded as he threaded his fingers through his wavy hair. "Nah. We've got this in the bag. We always do."2

My attention turned to him as I searched his face. Something in his tone made me think he didn't believe a word he was saying. Sky and Cassie didn't pick up on it, only joked and gave him words of encouragement, but I had caught that pause, that slight hesitation before he spoke. And the little hint of skepticism when he said they had it in the bag, like he thought they didn't. I couldn't help but wonder why he felt like that.7

"Well, our group of girlfriends will be traveling to the game. It's in Boulder, right?" 2

Wait, did she just say Boulder?+

"Yeah. Tomorrow evening. Thanks for coming to support us, it's always nice to see fans at away games." He cocked his head and smiled, a stray lock of hair falling into his eyes.1

"Are you kidding? Half of the college is gonna be there, doesn't matter if it's an hour away." Skylar chuckled.1

"And you?" Tristan looked down at me, "Will you be there?"7

I tilted my head back to meet his stare. "It's not really my thing."1

Did I imagine the disappointment in his eyes? Had to have.5

"Of course it isn't," He muttered, pulling his arm back and his whole demeanor changing. I blinked, surprised by his sudden shift in attitude. Was it because of what I said?29

"Should we get started? I'm sure this one's getting impatient." Tristan jerked his thumb at me, smirking when the other two laughed.2

I glared at him before placing my flash drive on the table. "Here's all of my research. I've put it in a report format and created a separate folder with all of the info that should go on the PowerPoint exactly as is. It's referenced and everything. I've even included a few images and videos that I think would go well with the PowerPoint. You don't have to use them, though."+

"Oh wow, way to make me look incompetent. I just brought the raw research." Cass laughed softly, tucking a copper strand behind her ear.+

"That wasn't what I wa—"+

"She's joking, Hoodie girl." Tristan gently tapped my knee with his own.8

"Right... I knew that."2

Cass gave her research in and Sky showed us the beginnings of her PowerPoint, which was pretty simple and to the point. The last girl I worked with gave it butterfly transitions and heart borders. I much preferred this. Tristan showed us the list of interview questions he'd composed.6

"I also asked a buddy to let us interview him. He works in one of the Psych clinics and they're known to pay college students to participate in their research. He also said he'd get a few participants to answer our questions," Tristan said.3

Cass agreed to put the final report together once Tristan was done, and both she and Skyler promised to email us the finished product by next week Wednesday.+

"If you need any help with the PowerPoint, just let me know, yeah?" Tristan said to Skylar.3

Her eyes sparkled, "I'm probably gonna need help at some point. How about you come over to my place on Sunday and—"5

"I have to go to the bathroom, so I'm gonna pack up and head out," I announced, my tone clipped.5

Everyone looked surprised when I stood up suddenly, the chair legs letting out a loud screech against the tiled floor. Tristan frowned and leaned back, surveying my odd behavior. Avoiding his eyes, I quickly rushed to pick up all of my things. I went to grab my bag and realized it was where Tristan had put it, next to his own. His bag, a maroon sports bag, had several keychains — a mini rubber football, the number thirteen, a resin stick-figure family, and a plastic dog paw. My eyes lingered on them as I pulled my bag onto my back.7


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

"Would you rather have mustard in everything you drink or tuna in everything you eat?"17

I scrunched my nose — I hated both of those things with a passion.+

"That's disgusting. Neither."+

"Come on, you have to pick one."+

"Then I'll go with the mustard one. I love food too much to ruin it with tuna."7

Jason laughed and made a noise of agreement.+

We were sitting on a park bench watching dogs and their owners run around while eating massive scoops of ice cream in sugar cones. These were already our second cones and we were both nearly done.+

Last night I'd managed to convince my mom to let him spend the day with me. It took a lot of begging and emotional manipulation to get her to agree — but only if I promised to have him back by nine that evening. Which was fine; I wasn't planning on taking my sixteen-year-old brother to any parties or clubs, though I'm sure he'd love that.21

This morning, when I'd surprised him with two tickets to go and watch the Knights play in Boulder, he'd lost his fucking mind. He'd run a celebratory lap around the house, yelling the entire time. Even my mom had cracked a smile at his excitement.8

And so, for the whole of the day before the game, we'd chilled together. I took him to go have waffles for breakfast, a bucket of fried chicken and fries for brunch, burgers for lunch, and now we were eating ice-creams. And you bet we were still going to chow down on a lot more at the game. Our arteries had to be screaming, but we didn't care.4

Together we watched as a small wiener dog chased a black Labrador around the park, only for the Labrador to turn around and tackle the smaller dog. They rolled, a blur of black and brown.6

Jace's eyes were glued to the pair. "When I'm out of the house, I'm gonna get a dog. I don't care what type, I just want a dog."19

My heart squeezed in my chest. "Yeah?"+

He nodded and we both laughed as the smaller dog leaped in the air, yapping like a mad thing as the Labrador ran circles around it.+

Our dad had gotten Jace a dog for his tenth birthday, but when the puppy chewed our mom's vintage dresser and broke a whole bunch of kitchenware by running into the table, she got rid of it. I could still hear my brother's heartbroken sobs as the new owners drove away with his best friend. I don't think I could ever forgive my mother for doing that to him.17

"They are stinking cute." I grinned when the Labrador ran away from the rabid wiener dog chasing him and nipping at his heels.1

We watched for a couple more minutes and then I looked down at my phone. The game started at six and it was currently fifteen to five. We had a pretty long drive ahead of us.1

"We should get going, Champ."+

He stood up and dusted off his clothes. He was wearing a dark blue shirt with a generic brand's logo on it. The important part was that the logo was silver because blue and silver were my college's colors. He might not have had any shirts from my college's football team, but he had the spirit. The only support they were gonna get from me was my dark blue skinny jeans and grey and black crop hoodie. The colors were close enough for me.15

I stuck my arms out, wiggling my hands and indicating for my brother to help pull me up.+

"Getting old and lazy, Han?" He grabbed my hands and lifted me from the bench.6

"Shut your ugly face." I stuck out my tongue at him.2

°•°•°•°+


      
  
    
        
    
    
      
        
        
      
    
   


I had seriously underestimated the size of a football stadium. It turned out to be way bigger than I'd imagined.19

The ground beneath my feet was literally vibrating as the stadium filled with thousands of fans. The noise level was off the charts, so loud that I could hardly hear my brother right beside me.3

Once we got inside, there were all these concession stands with mouthwatering smells – popcorn, cotton candy, cheesy nachos, and every kind of grilled meat you can think of. Navigating through the crowd was an impossible challenge, with fans wearing a kaleidoscope of team colors that were a visual cluster fuck. Everyone, and I mean everyone, was decked out in their team's gear – whether it was our blue and silver or the opponents' green and red. Face paint, jerseys, caps, foam fingers, and signs everywhere. I had to dodge a couple of foam fingers and signs to avoid getting a blue eye. Surprisingly, even though we were playing on the other team's home turf, there were just as many of our fans as there were of theirs.+

We grabbed loaded hotdogs and super-sized sodas before heading to our seats. Balancing my food and drink was a constant struggle as people kept bumping and falling into me with every step. Eventually, I had to retreat behind my brother's back because people got out of his way a lot faster than they did for me. A little sexist, but whatever, at least we were getting somewhere.1

"This is the best day ever!" Jace yelled into my ear.7

Giving him a thumbs up, I was too busy chomping on my hotdog to reply. The explosion of flavors on my tongue made me let out an involuntary groan, and my eyes nearly rolled back in pleasure. This hotdog was on a whole new level – maybe the best I'd ever tasted. I contemplated becoming a regular at these games just for the food, even if it meant gaining a few extra pounds by the time football season wrapped up. Totally worth it.16

Amidst the crowd's cheers, my brother attempted to share some on-field stats and previous plays in my ear. +

"I can't wait for...on field...stats...insane... my favourite pla...he once...nearly killed...so epic to watc...and then he...running out of tim...last minute...touchdown! Everyone went nu...also made...thirteen famous..." His eyes glittered in excitement as he told me all of this.19

His enthusiasm was contagious, but the stadium's roar rendered his words a garbled mess. I didn't want to dampen his excitement, so I nodded along, throwing in raised eyebrows and grins at what I hoped were appropriate moments. Whoever he was talking about must have been seriously impressive if my football-obsessed brother was gushing over him. My focus wavered and my eyes glazed over when he delved into actual statistics, causing my mind to drift. Thankfully he made friends with the guy next to him and the two of them got to talking.5


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

"You were on fucking fire, Captain!" Alex, the younger of the McGraw twins, grabbed me and jumped about four feet in the air, using my shoulders as a launch pad.10

I chuckled and caught his head in a headlock, playfully ruffling his fluffy blonde hair as he squirmed to break free. We tussled for a few minutes before he slumped in defeat. Owen, the other twin, swooped in, wrapping his arms around my waist, and I shifted my focus to catch him in the same grip. He giggled like a little boy and dodged my hands, running towards the showers. I looked away with a small smirk on my face. Truth be told, I hadn't stopped smiling since that final whistle.+

I shook my head, trying to shake out the water in my hair before running my fingers through the damp locks. It would air-dry soon. Between putting on different items of clothing, my teammates came over one by one to offer their congratulations on my performance on the field.+

"Not bad, Captain," Joey Finnigan said, begrudging admiration in his dark eyes. It was a refreshing change from the last two weeks when he'd made it his mission to challenge me at every turn. Not that I blamed him, he might not have gone about it the right way, but his fears were valid.2

I jerked my chin at him, silently acknowledging his words. After pulling my football jersey on, I bent down to pull my shoes on and lace them up, ignoring the hard slaps on my ass from my rowdy teammates. 19

Once I was done, Tate, Ryan and Tai joined me, all of them already dressed and ready to head out, duffle bags slung over their shoulders. Tate held out a hand and I clasped it, drawing him in for a quick bro-hug as we patted each other's back.+

"Nice moves today, Twinkle Toes," he said.12

"Not bad yourself, Mitchell. You were almost able to keep up with me." 1

He chuckled while the others greeted me. Ryan grabbed my face and planted a wet one on both of my cheeks, his wet curls dripping water onto my nose. When I saw him reeling in for an actual smooch, I blocked him with a hand on his face and shoved him away. He laughed and stumbled back, bumping into Tai, who silently caught and righted him.11

"We ready to head out? My car's parked pretty close." Tate asked and I nodded in agreement.+

"AFTERPARTY, BABY. FUCK YEAH!" Alex screamed, zooming past us. A couple of guys cheered in response.2

"Make good decisions! Use protection!" I yelled after him.6

"Yes, Dad!"5

We all laughed and headed out, our footsteps echoing through the corridor like a victory anthem. I tried to ignore the high I was currently riding, clenching and unclenching my hands. I bounced on my heels when walking became too stifling. The adrenaline had yet to leave my system and I looked like a crackhead coming off his high.2

I took a deep calming breath, taking in the smell of blood, sweat, and grass. Not a lot of people liked that smell, but I lived for it. This place was more than just a playing field; it was my sanctuary, where my abilities shone the brightest and where I found solace amidst the chaos of the crowd. It was the only place where the world felt like it made sense. 2

My fingers tightened around the straps of my duffle bag and I turned my attention to the sound of our fans. The shouts, the cheers, the energy – that wasn't just noise; it was a tangible manifestation of the connection we shared with our fans.+

They were waiting at the entrance, eager to meet and greet us as the security personnel struggled to hold them back. +

I loved this part. I loved meeting everyone, I loved the selfies and jokes and words of worship. I loved the look in all of their eyes as they looked at me —  it told me that I wasn't just a player; I was a part of their lives, a source of inspiration. It was almost addicting. I grinned when they caught sight of us and the screams started. It was music to my ears.6

The team and I walked into the crowd and were immediately swarmed. Hot babes with lots of ass and cleavage vied for my attention and I happily obliged them, signing a couple of tits in the process. Tate joined up with his family and his mom, a short plump lady, pulled him down to kiss his forehead. Ryan was already making out with his girlfriend and Tai was signing a young boy's shirt. For the next half an hour, we basked in the attention of our fans.2

After signing the lower back of a hot brunette, I looked up, trying to visually calculate how many people were left before we could head out when a familiar figure caught my eye.+

Hoodie girl, who was quickly beginning to star in all of my nightmares. And wet dreams. I could have sworn I'd seen her from the field earlier, but I'd told myself that wasn't possible. She herself had told me she wasn't gonna be here. So I'd looked away before I got too caught up in trying to see if it was her or not. Still, I'd rallied myself — just in case it was her because I wanted to show off. I wanted to show her I was more than the low-life she currently had me pegged as.23

I straightened, craning my neck in an attempt to catch sight of her amidst the group between us. The person in front of her shuffled to the left, giving me an unobstructed line of sight of her.+

She looked beautiful, or more so than usual. Enough to make my heart do funny things — like every hot woman does, of course. She was no different than the others.30

Her hair was loose for the first time, all wavy and golden, and kinda curly from the humidity in the air. Even from this distance, I could see the striking blue of her eyes as she looked at someone next to her and laughed. Who was she laughing at?6

I tilted my head to the left and froze when I saw the tall man next to her. I couldn't really see him because he was wearing one of our football caps, but I could see how close she was standing to him. Could see the easy affection between them as she reached up and pinched his nose. She was actually laughing, smiling, at him as he swatted her hand away and said something back to her.7

Were they on a date?44

My blood ran cold, odd sensations coursing through me as I stared at them. Every single cell in my body revolted against seeing her with another man. Especially when she never acted like that around me. Without further thought, I pushed past the crowds of people, ignoring those who grabbed and screamed at me, my focus glued to Hoodie girl and the asshole next to her.26

The screams drew his attention and he looked towards me. I saw the moment he recognized me, his whole body perking up. He was clearly a fan of mine, judging from the wide smile spreading across his cheeks. I was itching to wipe that smile off his face, either with my words or fists. My fingers twitched and I clenched my hands when he leaned down close and said something in her ear. She leaned even closer to hear him before her eyes started scanning the crowds until they landed on me.3

I watched those blue eyes widen as she took in my appearance, including the pissed-off look on my face. Her expression shifted from surprised to wary as she watched me march towards her. Grabbing onto the guy's forearm, she stood up on her tiptoes to ask him something, her full lips inches from his ears. The man nodded at whatever she'd just asked and she looked back at me, apprehension clouding her face.+


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

"You know Tristan Beckett wants to bone you, right?"32

We'd been driving for the past ten minutes, and I'd had to listen to my younger brother rave about that asshole for every single one of those. Why couldn't he find another idol? One I didn't know?+

"Can we all stop calling him Tristan Beckett? That's so weird. He's Tristan - just Tristan. We don't have to include his surname every time we talk about him." My hands clenched around the steering wheel as I stared straight ahead.1

"And he doesn't want to bone me," I added.6

"Uh, yeah, he does," Jace snorted.+

I directed a pissed off look his way, "You don't know that."+

"Uh, yeah, I do."+

"How on earth would you know that?"+

"I have eyes. And it's a guy thing. We all know when a guy wants to bang a girl... and Tristan Beckett wants to bang you. No question about it."6

"That's definitely not a thing. Can we stop talking about this? Tristan Be- dammit, Tristan is never gonna get the opportunity to bang me, so this conversation is pointless." I swallowed, trying to get rid of the lump that had appeared the second I saw Tristan storming over to me.9

"Are you sure about that? Because I saw the way you were looking at each other. You guys totally had a vibe."1

"Vibe? What vibe? There was no vibe - you're imagining things." I forced myself to sound disgusted.+

"There was totally a sex vibe."4

"Ew, I'm your sister. Do you really want to discuss any sex vibes I might have with a guy?"2

"Not normally, but if it means that Tristan Beckett will be my brother-in-law, then yeah. Don't fumble this one, Hannah."44

"Brother-in- what! No! Get those thoughts out of your head! Does he really seem like the marrying type? No, he doesn't. He's just in it for the sex. And do you really think I want to be in a relationship right now, especially after my last one? Any more mention of Tristan and I will stop this car and you will walk home." +

"You sound like mom."5

Ouch. He didn't have to hit back that hard.+

"Yeah, well, you sound like Bailey."5

"Hey! That's going too far."1

Jason and Bailey's relationship was anything but friendly. Whenever they crossed paths, Bailey took pleasure in teasing and picking on him, and his reactions were nothing short of intense. He never listened when I told him to ignore her or walk away, unable to resist taking the bait. And so Bailey always found new ways to push his buttons.8

"And your mom comment wasn't? Come on, you know it was cruel."+

"Fine. I'll stop the Tristan Beckett talk if you stop the Bailey talk. I'm pretty sure if you said her name enough times, you'd summon her. Like bloody Mary."6

I grinned. "Bailey, Bailey, Ba-"4

"Stop!"+

°•°•°•°1


      
  
    
        
    
    
      
        
        
      
    
   


The crowd erupted in cheers as I sunk another ball into the red solo cups. Ryan groaned and chugged his lukewarm beer, burping loudly afterward. His girlfriend shook her head at him.+

"Ready to eat shit, Gomez?" I grinned, throwing the small yellow ball and catching it in the other hand.8

"Born ready, Cap'n," he slurred, giving me a tipsy salute.1

We all chose to hit up Diego's after the game, leaving Moxie's for another time. Diego had a reputation for throwing the wildest parties at a huge, renovated house he shared with two of his friends - Sean and Wesley. When he sent out invites, you went.4

I chuckled at Ryan's obvious unsteadiness, eyes fixed on the final cup. One last cup and I won. One last cup and Ryan would be the one who had to drink the vile concoction that Diego had assembled using various condiments and dressings scavenged from the kitchen cupboards. It was practically guaranteed that the majority of that shit was expired and rancid.+

"Wait!" Skylar yelled from beside me, grabbing my hand that was holding the ball. "Let me give it a good luck kiss!"46

I allowed her to guide my hand toward her lips, a smirk playing on my face as she pressed her blood-red lips to my fingers and the ball. She shot me a flirtatious grin as she pulled away, and I readied myself to take the shot.4

Closing one eye, I bounced the ball, watching as it landed with a satisfying plop into the last cup. The resulting screams and cheers from all the people gathered around us were deafening, making me wince before I recovered with a victorious grin. Skylar squealed and jumped into my arms.13

I caught her before she fell, righting her as she giggled. The Jungle Juice she'd been sipping for the past hour was starting to take its toll on her. In fact, everyone was well on their way to being wasted. Except me. The liquid in my cups was apple cider, a courtesy from my teammates who knew I didn't drink.36

Ryan grabbed the shot glass handed to him and downed its contents in one go, swallowing the mix of yellow, red, and brown liquid. It took a moment for the taste to hit him, his complexion shifting from brown to a pale green. He gagged before bolting off in a random direction, followed closely by Rosa, as we all laughed at him. +

"Want to try my drink? It tastes sooo good," Sky swayed into me, trying to get me to sip from her cup.+

Pulling my head back from the beverage, I cleared my throat. "I'm good, thanks. You enjoy it."+

"Aw, come on. Just a little sip," she insisted, playfully pushing the glass toward my lips once more.+

A woman on top of me, hazy as her small fingers tried to unzip my pants.78

T: I love dogs. My best friend in the whole wide world is a fluffy mixed-breed dog named Russell. I FaceTime him regularly and we talk for hours. You should meet him, he's a really funny guy.11

H: I bet he's just like you and gets all the lady dogs...2

T: You bet. He's the handsomest good boy to ever live...5

°•°•°•°+

T: I'm a mamma's boy. My mamma is the sweetest lady you'll ever meet and I'd do anything for her. She also bakes the best pies and I always put on a few when I visit them for the holidays.12

H: I love pie - apple pie especially.2

T: Ever had a creampie?69

H: And you ruined it...3

°•°•°•°+

T: My buddy, Diego, throws these huge Halloween parties every year and my friends and I went as cheerleaders last year. We were sexy nurses the year before that.1

H: And what are you guys planning to be this year?+

T: French maids. Wanna join us? I bet you'd look phenomenal in the costume...14

°•°•°•°+

T: I'm a health freak, I have to be if I want to be at the top of my game, but I have a concerning addiction to Reece's Cups. I never actually buy them because then I feel like I've lost, but my friends have been known to bribe me with them. 13

T: I'd never say no if you offered me any.1

H: Good to know...+

°•°•°•°+

T: I don't have a favorite color, but I'm partial to red.1

T: And blue and silver. +

T: Go Knights!17

°•°•°•°+

T: I've watched all of the Barbie movies with my sisters and now I watch them with my nieces. Don't tell anyone I said this, but some of them are pretty good. Wanna watch them with me?33

H: That's sweet, but no thanks. I'm more of an action and adventure movie girl.6

T: Oh thank God. What's your favorite movie?+

H: It's kinda campy, but Mad Max.7

T: Marry me...72

°•°•°•°+

T: I wasn't interested in girls until I was about sixteen. I was so focused on training and getting better that I never really paid them any attention. I think I was even a little scared of them...+

T: But don't worry - once I discovered what little Tristan could do, I put him to good use.7

H: And made up for lost time...2

°•°•°•°+

T: I think the best and only way to sleep is naked.15

H: Of course you do...+

°•°•°•°+

T: If you don't count my right hand, I lost my virginity to a hot senior girl named Payton Fells in the back of a movie theatre. I think I lasted five seconds, but she didn't seem to care. I think she was just happy to be the girl that deflowered Tristan Beckett. To this day, I get hard whenever I watch Scream, which is really hard to explain to others.30

H: Remind me never to watch Scream with you.+

T: Babe, you don't need Scream to make me hard for you...81

°•°•°•°+

T: I'm scared of spiders. My older brother put one in my pants when I was a kid and it bit my ass. It swelled up and the doctor had to give me an injection. In the ass. I don't like spiders.14

H: Awe, but they're so cute. All of those legs, those beady eyes, those pincers...8

T: You just gave me goosebumps...1

°•°•°•°+

T: I cried when Jack died. Imagine only getting to smash a young Kate Winslet once. Devastating.14

H: It's the middle of the night. Go to sleep...11

°•°•°•°+

T: Practice was hard today. It doesn't happen often, but sometimes I feel like I can't do anything right. Today was one of those days.5

H: Everyone has off days. Just because you carry your burdens so well, doesn't mean they aren't heavy. That kind of weight would affect anyone.10

T: It's different for me. I'm their captain, which means I have to stay put together for them. If I'm having an off day, we're all having an off day, and then they feel like shit. It sucks, but I've gotta be perfect for them. For the fans. For my family. For everyone.11

H: Not for me. I already know you're deeply flawed and nothing could change my mind. What kind of person gets hard for horror movies?7

T: Funny enough, it makes me feel better knowing I'll never be perfect in your eyes. It's less pressure to try and act perfect in front of you. And horror movies are the best movies to have sex to...11

°•°•°•°+

T: I saw a guy in a cow onesie in class today. You know you're one level below him, right?5

H: A onesie does sound comfortable...+

°•°•°•°+

T: I love my dad, but I resent the pressure he puts me under. He's got all of these expectations and orders, and he expects me to be his perfect little soldier. I know he's the reason I've come this far, but sometimes I just want a normal dad, you know?1

H: I understand. My mom's the definition of a helicopter parent. She used to put trackers in my phone, car, and on my clothes. I wasn't allowed to watch any movies or have any friends that weren't a part of the church. I left the house as a dumb naive girl wholly unprepared for this world.2

T: I'm sorry... at least you're smarter and wiser now.+

H: Yeah, well. This world teaches harsh lessons to those kinds of people.7

°•°•°•°+

T: What is our opinion on the current state of affairs?+

H: That they're abysmal and drastic changes need to be put in place if we have any hope of saving ourselves.+

T: We're completely right, of course...2

°•°•°•°+

T: Last year a girl drugged and tried to rape me... [unsent]117

°•°•°•°4


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

I know that's a horrible way to end the chapter, but we're finally getting some lore on Tristan. Eventually, we'll get the full story. You'll just have to stick around to find out...5


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

I rapped lightly on the white door and pulled out my phone, ready to shoot a text while waiting. Out of the corner of my eye, I noticed a few girls peeking out of their rooms or lingering in the hallway, trying to appear nonchalant despite all their gazes fixated on me. One girl blushed when our eyes met, and I shot her a playful wink, knowing it would set off a chain reaction of giggles among them.+

Predictably, it did.+

H: I'm sorry, who is this again?+

I looked down at the message that popped up on my screen and grinned, surprised by how much her sass pleased me.+

T: The man of your dreams.2

H: You mean my nightmares? I seem to recall you now.+

Before I could type back, the door swung open, and I looked up. Both of my eyebrows shot up as I took in Skylar's attire.8

"Sorry I took so long. I was in the shower."7

"Should I wait outside while you get dressed?" I offered, making a point to keep my gaze above her neck.1

"Don't be ridiculous. Come on in."+

She adjusted the towel around her, reaching out to grab my arm and hauling me into her room, swiftly closing the door behind us. I stood in the middle of her room, clearing my throat as I avoided looking directly at her. I slipped my hands into my pockets, feeling my phone in my right one as my fingers inched to see if Hannah had sent another text.3

The room was split into two halves. On my left, the desk was super organized, books stacked neatly. There were colorful notes stuck all over a corkboard above it, and just one motivational poster on the wall, pushing hard work and determination. The other side was a bit more chaotic, with some bright material tied to the metal frame of the bed. Posters of athletes and inspirational quotes were scattered all over the wall. One of them was a framed jersey with signatures all over it.+

"What team?" I asked, pointing at the jersey.+

"The Los Angeles Sparks. They're a female basketball team in the WNBA," she answered, walking over to her closet and opening the door.4

I nodded, frowning when she started to get dressed with me right there. I turned so that I couldn't see anything, pulling out my phone again to check if Hannah had said anything else. She hadn't.3

"You play basketball?" I asked, trying to break the awkward silence.+

"No, track. But I like basketball - grew up watching it with my dad before he passed away," she shared as she rummaged through her closet.2

T: What are you doing right now?+

"Oh?" I muttered, eyes still glued to my screen, "That's cool."15

"And you? Do you like anything besides football?" +

H: I'm studying in the library right now. Or trying to. Someone keeps interrupting me.4

I grinned, imagining that adorable look of frustration on her face, the glare that she'd be giving me right now if I was there...+

"Hello?"5

T: You don't have to reply, you know. +

H: Fine. I won't.+

T: Wait, I was kidding...2

"Tristan? Are you listening to me?"7

T: Hannah... +

T: Don't go... +

T: I need you... *sad puppy dog eyes*9

H: See what I mean? How is anyone supposed to concentrate like this?+

T: Easy. Concentrate on me. Only me.7

I jerked when a hand curled around my stomach from behind, dangerously low. I quickly grabbed it to stop any more progression, pushing it away. I twisted around to see Skylar looking up at me with playful eyes, smirking.+

"You're ignoring me. It's making me sad." She pouted, hand reaching for me again until I stepped back.21

"Sorry," I flashed a tense smile, putting some distance between us. "Just... busy with something important."2

"More important than me?" She raised an eyebrow, a teasing glint in her eyes.36

Fuck. +

I sighed, wondering how I should deal with this. We still had a presentation to do together, and I didn't want to upset our group dynamic by pissing her off. It was probably best to take a gentle approach.+

"Listen, Sky. I have somewhere I need to be soon, so can we do this quickly? I don't really have the time to play around right now."3

Her expression shifted to disappointment, and she dropped her hand. "Sure, I guess. I have everything ready for us to get started."+

"Great," I grinned wide, putting my phone away to focus on this project. Hannah would murder me if she thought I was slacking even just a little bit. "Let's do this."6

°•°•°•°+


      
  
    
        
    
    
      
        
        
      
    
   


Sitting alone at one of the desks, she had her head bowed over a book, meticulously highlighting its pages. The library buzzed with activity around her, but she stayed in her solitude - lost to the world. Her presence drew me in, like a magnetic pull, forcing me closer.7

As I walked by, heads turned, and some of them did a double-take, all their gazes fixing on me. Some of the people tried to strike up conversations, but I just acknowledged them with a nod and kept moving. This part had become a part of my life, and I'd accepted it a long time ago, but sometimes I wasn't going to indulge them. I wasn't going to be an asshole, but I wasn't going to stop and chat either. Not when she was around, drawing all of my attention.5


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

I shoveled Mac and cheese into my mouth, still steaming over the fight I'd had with Tristan. Was it even a fight? I'd left before it had escalated into an actual fight.9

Couldn't he see that I'd been trying to look out for him? The signs were there, I was only pointing them out. It's not like I told him to never talk to his dad again — hell, I still have a pretty good relationship with my mother. I just wanted him to be aware of what was happening. He didn't need to yell. Okay, so maybe he didn't yell, but I could tell he wanted to.16

Ugh, whatever. He wasn't my problem anymore.2

I lifted the fork to my mouth but found I couldn't take another bite. I wasn't full or anything — I just didn't want to eat. Frowning, I put the fork down. Had I seriously just lost my appetite over Tristan fucking Beckett? What the actual fuck? He was now starting to come between my food and me. 3

Disgusted, I set the bowl aside and climbed off my bed. I then started pacing the small room, full of restless energy. I wanted to hit something. I wanted to rage. Anything to get rid of these emotions that had been steadily building up inside me since the moment I'd first laid eyes on Tristan. Anger, jealousy, lust, sadness...3

No. Not sadness. I wasn't sad. He meant nothing to me. I was fine. Just a little pent-up.2

I stopped just as someone knocked on my door. I wasn't really in the mood to deal with people, but I forced myself to answer.+

"It's open!" I called out, turning to face whoever it was.+

The door handle squeaked as it was pulled down and Jenny popped her head in, a bright smile on her pale face.+

"Hey, Hannah. You look like you could do with some fun," She grinned.+

Suspicion picked at me, "What's happening?"+

"Well, remember that terrible piercing I got?" She asked like it was hard to forget.2

"Yeah..."+

"The infection is all cleared up and my downstairs is good to go again, so the girls and I decided to celebrate. Wanna join us? We're going to a party. I know you usually say no, but I thought I'd ask anyway." She gave me a gentle smile, a brow raised in question.4

"Frat parties aren't really my thing."+

"It's not a frat party — it's at Moxie's. Just a get-together with friends and a few drinks. We've all got a pretty important test tomorrow so none of us will be going crazy, hence why I'm currently not banging Matthew's brains out. Don't worry, it'll be chill."1

I opened my mouth to say no but paused. This might actually be good for me — I was feeling super antsy and this get-together could help me relax. Maybe I could even find a guy that I found tolerable, and have my first one-night stand.11

I doubted that would ever happen, but it was worth a chance.4

"Actually, yeah — I'd love to come. Just give me a few minutes to get ready."+

"Don't rush, we're only leaving in an hour. Though, knowing the rest of the girls, that'll be two hours." She rolled her eyes before leaving and closing the door.+

°•°•°•°+


      
  
    
        
    
    
      
        
        
      
    
   


Jenny was right — the girls took a full two hours to get ready, which was way longer than I needed. All it took was fifteen minutes to slip into some black jeans, a snug tank top, and dark red calf-high boots. The tank even showed a hint of cleavage, but not so much that it would make me self-conscious.16

I kept my makeup simple, just mascara and a touch of red lipstick — because even though Bailey had tried to teach me, we were both only sixteen and barely knew what we were doing back then. +

And now I struggled to apply mascara without blinding myself. Attempting anything fancier made me feel like a clown, so I usually skipped it. Girls who knew how to do their makeup properly were Goddesses.29

I caught a ride with Jenny and Tanya, feeling relieved when Amanda and her entourage took their own car. Jenny kept trying to pry information about Tristan from me, but I remained tight-lipped. +

The morning after his football game had been a headache. Especially when the girls cornered me in the kitchen, bombarding me with questions. Amanda had demanded to know how I'd done it — even going so far as to demand my bedroom techniques. It took me a solid hour of convincing them that Tristan was just a classmate and we were working on a project together – that's why he wanted my number. I don't think they believed me, but they stopped when they finally realized they'd get nothing out of me. Still, that didn't stop them from pestering me about it all week. I was surprised Amanda hadn't stolen my phone to get his phone number yet.+

When we arrived at Moxie's, the place was bustling, filled to the brim with tipsy college students. A live band rocked the stage, and the place buzzed with laughter and conversation. The girls led us to a group of people, all of them standing to welcome us and make space. I found a spot between a blue-haired, curvy girl and a stylish, openly gay African-American guy. Soon, the three of us were engrossed in conversation, all nursing alcohol of our choice.+

"Girl, as a man, let me tell you all men are trash. And that's the problem — we love trash. It means we can do cute little DIY projects with them," Adrian said, waving his hands in the air.13

He was wearing a mesh crop top, leather shorts, and a large denim jacket. Adorned with at least five chokers and bracelets up to his forearms, all the chaos came together to fit his whole vibe.5

"Amen." I lifted my Mojito before taking a healthy gulp.2

The blue-haired girl, Nadia, rolled her eyes at Adrian, "You're only saying that because your crush doesn't know you exist."4

Adrian gasped dramatically, "Of course he knows I exist — the psychic I hired last week promised to send him wet dreams of me. It's only a matter of time, darling."10


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

His familiar voice had me tensing up, all of my focus shifting from Frat-bro to him.2

I crossed my arms, pinning him with a glare, "You really do follow me everywhere."1

His smile held no humor, "Babe, this is a free country," he gave Frat-bro a flat look before looking back at me, "Can we talk?"2

"No."2

Tristan frowned at my response, opening his mouth to reply when Frat-bro audibly cleared his throat and leaned forward, obstructing our view of each other. Up close, I could see the razor burn and patches of unshaven hair scattered on his weak jaw. And then my senses were assaulted by the smell of cheap piss beer and rancid sweaty armpits. I recoiled in disgust, quickly stepping back in a futile attempt to escape the rotten odor.4

"No way! You're fucking Tris—"+

Tristan shot him a warning look, "Obviously you know who I am, right?"+

Frat-bro grinned and puffed out his chest, "Sure do, man. We met at Diego's Halloween party last year, but I don't think you remember — you were too busy getting it on with Elizabeth Buchanan."20

Tristan's expression shifted from warning to murderous at his comment. "So if you know who I am, do you really want to mess with me?"+

The guy blinked. +

"Mess with you? Did I do something wrong?"5

"Yeah. You're busy harassing my woman." Tristan stepped closer to me, forcing the guy to take a large step back. 88

"M-my bad, dude. I didn't know she was yours."3

"She is. Now," He plucked my Mojito out of the guy's hand and flicked his chin at him, "Get lost. And if I catch you pulling any of this shit on anyone else, I'm gonna shove your head up your own asshole and make you wear yourself as a hat."4

Frat-bro raised his palms, "Woah man. I meant no harm; I was just tryna—"2

"Fuck off. Now."+

"Jeez, bro. Fine... fucking asshole." Frat-bro glared at both of us before slinking back into the crowd, taking his sweaty armpits with him.5

I watched him leave, using it as a flimsy excuse to avoid looking at Tristan. I didn't want him to see the surprised expression on my face at the fact that he came to my defense. While I was perfectly capable of handling the situation myself, there was something undeniably endearing about the way he stood up for me. Especially his "my woman" comments, even though I'm sure he didn't actually mean them. Goddammit, I was losing my feminist card by the second.10

I took a deep breath, preparing myself. Seeing his face did things to me, and I needed to stay strong if I was going to survive him. Plus, I was still pissed about this afternoon, and I'd never admit it, but I was also butthurt over it.+

"Hannah."+

I shivered at the sound of my name on his lips. +

"Go away, Tristan. I'm done. For real this time." I reached for my drink, and he let me take it, and then I turned to leave, desperate to put some distance between us.11

His hand wrapped around my wrist, halting my escape. My eyes dropped to his grip, the sight of his large tanned hand around my smaller pale wrist inciting a dangerous flame of desire in my belly. I wanted to know what those hands felt like all over my body. I wanted to know what they could do.7

It took everything in me to force my expression into one of anger, "Let go."+

"Seriously — we need to talk." He stepped closer, letting go of my wrist in favor of wrapping those hands around my upper arms, almost caging me in.+

His spicy scent quickly washed away the last of Frat-bro's disgusting odor, covering me in an intoxicating blanket. I had to stop myself from leaning forward and falling into his arms.+

You're angry with him, remember?12

Shaking my head to get rid of the fog, I said, "There's nothing to talk about. I need to go."+

"Hannah, I want to apolo—"4

"Stop saying my name. Just stop," I pulled away, putting some distance between us.+

He let out an irritated breath, running a hand through his hair. "Why are you so weird about your name? Why can't I say it?"+

"Because it's mine."+

And when he said it, I felt like his.25

He shook his head in disbelief, took a deep calming breath, and looked back at me, "Ten minutes. Just give me ten minutes of your time."1

I opened my mouth to say no, but the firm plea in his eyes made me pause. I'd never seen that look in his eyes before. He wasn't the type to ask for anything. It made me weak.1

Fuck.7

Fine. I'd let him have his ten minutes and maybe then he'd finally leave me alone.+

I gave him a small nod, "Ten minutes — and then you'll leave me alone?"+

"Yes. Just ten minutes."+

"Okay, just give me a second." Turning from him, I lifted the glass to my lips and downed the contents in quick succession, eager for the liquid courage it would give me. It was sweet, not too strong, and went down easily He watched me with raised brows as I placed the empty glass on a nearby table, and faced him again. "Say what you need to."2

He paused, and said, "Look, I'm sorry about—"+

"Hey, Number Thirteen! What's up, man? You partying at Jacob's later tonight?" A group of guys pushed close, easy smiles on their faces.4

Tristan pursed his lips, forcing a strained smile as they crowded us. One of the guys bumped me and I stumbled back. Tristan's arm shot out and caught me around the waist, pulling me into the protective circle of his arms. My palms pressed flat against his firm chest, clenched involuntarily, and dug my nails into the hard muscles. My eyes zeroed onto his pecs as I stopped breathing.+

"Nah, man. Not tonight," He answered, pulling me even closer.+

I gave in way too willingly, leaning into his heat and inhaling deeply as I barely resisted snuggling into the cacoon of his large arms. I could both feel and hear the soothing rhythm of his steady heartbeat, my eyes closing involuntarily as the noise of the bar faded into the background. I already knew that I could fall asleep to the beat of his heart and the warmth of his body easily.1


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

I lasted three days.32

Our presentation was due that day, and watching Skylar and Tristan present together left a dark bitter feeling in my chest. I sat there with my nails digging into my thighs as their chemistry played out in front of the whole class. They bounced off of each other's energy, drawing laughs and cheers from everyone.4

Skylar was good, but Tristan's charm really had its chance to shine. He somehow found a way to make statistics funny as he effortlessly rattled off percentages and data points, adding little quips and dry comments. Even Professor Haynes, a man known to be stoic and no-nonsense, chuckled.2

As I sat there, a conflicted storm of emotions swirled within me. While a begrudging part of me admired their performance, a much larger and more potent part seethed in angry silence. It felt like a weight pressing down on my chest, squeezing my throat as I watched them with a mixture of envy and desperation. They just seemed so perfect together.2

I bet Skylar had her shit together. I bet she didn't have an ex who emotionally abused her enough to put her off relationships for life. I bet she felt like she was enough.15

They ended with a round of thunderous applause, both of them bowing dramatically. Skylar righted herself and, with a wide grin, launched herself into Tristan's arms. He caught her effortlessly, laughing before carefully putting her back down — though her hand never left his upper arm.16

I sat there, watching all of this as it felt like my world was crumbling around me. That dark, gnawing sensation continued to spread throughout my body, sending shivers down my spine and making my blood run cold. It was an all too familiar feeling.+

The first time was when I discovered Dylan's infidelity — how he had cheated on me and then guilted me into believing it was all in my head. The same pattern repeated itself with the next girl. And the next. It was that same sinking feeling of betrayal, deception, and powerlessness that now ravaged me as I watched Tristan and Skylar together. Which was ridiculous because this was nothing like the past.17

My heart raced, roaring in my ears as I couldn't tear my eyes away from them. I watched as they climbed the stairs together, smiling and talking about their successful performance. Skylar said something, and Tristan responded with a laugh, making her eyes linger on his face, even pausing on his lips. The jealousy and frustration boiled within me, and I wanted to scream.+

I needed to leave. +

I needed some time alone to collect my thoughts and regain my composure, to build up those walls and shove these disgusting feelings as far away as possible before Tristan realized what was happening. It wouldn't be fair to him if I revealed the absolute mayhem going on inside my head. I couldn't ruin his mood with my stupid tantrum. I couldn't ruin what we were right now.1

I needed to leave.+

Grabbing my phone, my fingers fumbling as they trembled, my eyes quickly found the time on the screen. Five minutes until class ended. Surely the professor wouldn't mind if I left now?+

I grabbed my things in a panic, shoving them into my bag with little care. Tristan was getting close, and I wanted to be up before he got here. In my haste, I dropped my keys. Bending to pick them up, I took a second to breathe; closing my eyes and taking deep, calming breaths.7

With one last final inhale for courage, I stood up and made my way in the opposite direction of where Tristan was. People stared at me, probably wondering why I was scrambling past them like a demented squirrel. I slowed my exit, trying to look as calm and composed as possible. 1

Finally, I left the row and quickly descended the stairs as quietly as possible. Thankfully, the door was close, and so I just calmly walked over to it. Professor Haynes spared me a single glance before going back to speaking. It was nothing important anyway — just his thoughts on all of the presentations. +

With my hand on the handle, I chanced a glance back. My eyes immediately connected with Tristan's. He was watching me with a confused frown — so I gave him a reassuring wobbly smile, and opened the door, stepping through it without a second thought.+

As I closed the door, I saw him reach for his phone.+

°•°•°•°+


      
  
    
        
    
    
      
        
        
      
    
   


I sat on my bed, arms wrapped around my knees and staring into the distance. My phone pinged with incoming messages, but I had no emotional energy to engage with anyone right now. I needed this time alone to confront the turmoil raging within me.3

I couldn't go on like this, reverting back to that jealous, paranoid girl I used to be. The anger that had overwhelmed me at seeing Skylar's hand on his arm left me breathless. It also disturbed and freaked me out.+

With a pained groan, I pressed my forehead against my knee, squeezing my legs together. What was I doing? Why was I torturing myself like this?+

Turning my head to the side, my gaze landed on the pictures of my family on the wall. My eyes lingered on my young self, on her too-wide smiles and visibly tense body — and how her smiles didn't quite seem to reach her eyes. Was I the only one who could see how unhappy she was? How she was slowly crumbling to pieces on the inside?4

I knew my issues stemmed from my parents — whose didn't? I suspected my mother had a troubled childhood, and that translated into her parenting methods. In her desperate need to protect and control me, she'd smothered any childish wonder I'd ever had. She'd created a naive girl unprepared for the harsh realities of life. And because of her, I'd been unable to recognize the monsters around me — unaware of the dangers they posed to me.1

Now, I couldn't help but view everyone as a potential monster, a danger to my well-being.1

Sighing, I reached for my phone and unlocked it. There were several messages from my mom and Tristan. My mother's messages were the usual — pleading with me to convince my dad to break up with his new girlfriend because the church was judging her. I ignored them and tapped on Tristan's name.3


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                            4

We arrived at the place that night, some of the guys catching a ride with me. The house was still ugly as shit, only now I didn't give a fuck. However, I was still cautious as I walked over the squeaky porch. I noticed some of the guys were just as weary.14

Inside, the house was alive with groups of people, all drinking and talking amongst each other. Someone had put on a generic Spotify playlist and it played in the background. Jamie—or was it Janice? I was pretty sure her name started with a 'J'. Whatever, Matthew's soon-to-be girlfriend, darted over with a brightness in her eyes the moment she spotted him. She offered a shy smile, tiptoeing to plant a brief kiss on him. I diverted my gaze, finding the display slightly awkward to witness. After their quick exchange, her attention shifted, sweeping across our group until her eyes settled on me.5

"Oh, hi, Tristan. I didn't realize you were coming," she said, eyes wide with nerves.+

I shrugged, tucking my hands into my pockets. "Last minute decision. Sorry about your shower — heard it was bad."22

She blinked, appearing very confused. "Our shower? What's wrong with our shower?"+

"Uh, the pipes burst?"+

She shook her head, giggling. "Our shower didn't burst, it's perfectly fine. Where'd you hear that?"17

So Hannah had lied to me. Interesting.16

My hands clenched in my pockets as I tried to figure out why. She was perfectly fine when I'd left my seat to go give a presentation on our project. And her eyes had remained glued to me throughout the whole thing. I know this because I kept sneaking looks at her as well.+

But then it hit me – her eyes hadn't just been on me. They'd been on Skylar as well. +

Ah. I think I knew what was up.58

"Oh my God, Tristan Beckett, you're back. It's so good to see you!" A hand curled around my bicep, and a familiar brunette stepped into my line of sight.+

She was dressed in a tight black outfit that left little to the imagination, emphasizing her generous cleavage. Before Hannah came into my life, I might have found her appealing. However, at that moment, I didn't even feel a hint of interest.22

I gave her a quick smile before looking back at Julia. "Is Hannah here?"9

She opened her mouth to reply, but the brunette interrupted her, stepping closer to me.+

"Hannah? Why would you want to see Hannah? I'm telling you — that girl is a major bitch. She has a serious attitude problem."45

I tensed, shoulders going stiff at the girl's words.1

"Amanda!" Jordan or Jade hissed. 13

"What? I'm telling the truth and you know it. That bitch doesn't belong here."12

"You're the one that keeps antagonizing her. If you would stop with the rude comments, and sarcastic quips — maybe she'd loosen up a little. It's hard to relax when some girl and her little posse constantly has it out for you," Jane glared at the girl, hands on her hips.28

The brunette glared back at her, "She started it first. None of it's my fault."1

Jaw clenched, I said, "Maybe look inwards before you go around calling other people names." I looked at Jessica. "I'm heading up to Hannah's room — I'm assuming she's here?"10

"She is, but she doesn't really like to be disturbed. She's probably doing homework or something," she warned.+

"Noted."2

I nodded goodbye to Matthew, disentangled myself from the gaping brunette, and turned to head towards the stairs. I retraced the route from my last visit, the challenge now was navigating through the crowd without being stopped every few steps. The trick was to look like you had somewhere to be without making eye contact. It worked because people got out of my way, and then I was climbing the stairs.+

My eyes found the white door at the end of the hallway and I lifted my hand to knock. A couple of seconds went by with no answer, so I tried again. Still no answer.1

Was she asleep? But knowing Hannah was a night owl, it seemed highly unlikely she'd sleep through this music. What if she wasn't even here? I decided to take a chance and open her door to check. Sure, if she happened to be naked and I walked in, she'd probably kill me, but I figured it would be worth it.15

I slowly opened the door and looked inside. The room was dark except for the lamp perched on the desk. And seated at her desk, with a pair of headphones on, was Hannah. Her hair was loose and tumbled to her mid back in messy waves as she lounged in a loose grey T-shirt and tiny white shorts. The sight of her long bare legs had my blood heating, all of it leaving my head to rush to my lower body.2

She sat with one knee bent, her heel resting on the chair's seat, while her other foot tapped out an unknown rhythm into the floor. Her chin was perched on her knee as she absentmindedly rubbed the end of a pen against her lips, her gaze fixed on the paperwork before her.2

The stupid heart in my chest did something weird as I looked at her. I might have to get that checked out, but it was probably just attraction. God knows how badly I wanted to fuck her. Even right at this moment, I was painfully hard just from looking at her.22

I stood in her doorway, quietly observing her, feeling like a bit of a creep, but unable to look away. It was impossible not to admire how incredibly beautiful she looked. I swear she was prettier than she was yesterday. She just kept getting hotter, and I wasn't certain if my dick and I could handle it. Especially with the friends' label slapped onto us.+

A decent guy would have turned around and left. A decent guy wouldn't have invaded her privacy like this. But I'm not a decent man, never had been, and it seemed I never would be.4

And I wanted her. And God fucking dammit, she wanted me too. Her whole jealousy stint with Skylar proved it. Yeah, I'd figured out what that whole thing was about. +

Normally, I couldn't stand it when girls played the jealousy card, but with Hannah, her jealousy had a strangely intoxicating effect on me. It made me wanna tease her and then kiss her senseless.22

She must have finally felt my eyes on her because she turned to look in my direction.+

Her scream surprised both of us, jerking me out of the trance I'd been in from watching her. She slammed the manilla folder shut and shoved her headphones off. In her haste to stand up, she almost tripped over her own feet. A venomous glare replaced the look of surprise as she regarded me.11


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

She immediately gave in to the kiss, moaning as her soft lips parted to accept my tongue in deep, demanding strokes. I probably would have been better off starting with small, teasing kisses - my intent to seduce and rile her up until she was begging me to fuck her. But that plan immediately fell to shit, my control crumbling the moment I got my first taste of her.23

She tasted like strawberries, mint, and pure fucking heaven.+

Groaning as my cock throbbed, my hand lifted to tangle in her hair, tugging her head back roughly - and allowing me to deepen the kiss in my almost feral madness to consume her completely. Her tongue danced with mine, sucking and stroking - giving as good as she got. And that only made me want her more. 2

My fingers tightened in her hair and she gave a raspy moan in response.+

Her hands at my ribs fisted my dark shirt, nails digging into my flesh through the fabric, leaving hot pricks of pain that only had me aching to fuck her more. I was quickly going crazy, and I needed to stop this before things got too out of hand and I went too far.6

Fuck. She was going to kill me.4

I pulled back, breathing heavily as our lips audibly pulled apart. Unable to pull away from her completely, I kept my forehead pressed to hers as we breathed in one another, panting from the effort of catching our breaths. Even now, I wanted to go back in for more, because fuck breathing. Who needed it?5

Hannah was desperately gasping for air, her face flushed a sexy red and lips swollen to a dark ripe pink. Her blue eyes had darkened with lust, pupils almost fully dilated as she stared up at me in shock and desire. +

She was so fucking beautiful it left an actual physical ache in my chest. 7

"You okay?" I asked, my voice husky from the kiss and the pain of suppressing my arousal.5

She shook her head, still breathing hard and unable to speak yet.+

"Do you want me to stop?" My hand clenched around her thigh.3

It would kill me to stop, but I would if she needed me to. Right now I'd do anything she asked me.3

Her eyes lazily scanned my face, lingering on my lips, before she gave me a small sexy shake of her head.8

Thank fucking God.1

I groaned and immediately ducked down to take her lips in another drugging kiss, drinking from her like I hadn't had water in years and she was my salvation. And fuck, she tasted and felt better than anything I'd ever had, so dangerously addicting. 4

She'd feel like my future if I wasn't careful.38

Needing to touch more of her, my hand left her thigh and glided up, over her hips, pulling her loose top up with it and baring her smooth silky skin to the air. My fingers traced the contours of her soft stomach, palm pressing firmly against her belly and inching up slowly as my mouth probed and fucked hers in deep, gentle thrusts.+

I swallowed her moan as the tips of my fingers grazed her bra, rubbing and teasing the undersides of her tits through the stretchy fabric. Palm against her ribs, my fingertips slipped under the material, brushing against warm, supple flesh. One day, I wanted to fuck them.7

Hannah tensed in my arms, mouth slowing its dance as she processed my touch. I stopped immediately, not wanting to push or make her uncomfortable. I constantly had to remind myself to take things slow, to ignore my body, and to listen to what hers was telling me instead. And right now I could feel her hesitation.5

Pulling my hand away, I settled for wrapping it around her waist, and pulling her closer to me as I focused on just kissing her and getting her back into a relaxed state. I could just do making out if that's what she wanted, even if it was the worst kind of torture. 3

My thumb started to rub teasing circles into her skin, and she shivered, hands reaching up to bury themselves in my hair and tug me closer. It was my turn to groan, shifting my body as the throbbing hard-on between my legs demanded attention.6

Not now, buddy. This isn't about you.7

I broke our kiss after a few minutes, moving from her lips to her jaw as I peppered slow, lingering kisses against her warm skin. She moaned, eyes fluttering closed as I nipped and sucked at her jaw and then down her long neck. Her head fell back, exposing her throat and collarbone to my advances. Mouth watering, my lips pressed against the rapid pulse in her throat, and I bit down. Not hard, but enough to elicit a small bite of pain. It was more of a test to see what she liked and what she didn't.3

Her hips immediately bucked into me, and I grinned. What was the bet that she was soaked for me? I was dying to reach into her pants and find out, but again, I forced myself to take things slow - reminding myself that slow and steady wins the race. Not that this was a race. No, this was a slow exploration with unimaginable rewards at the end. For both of us.1

I moved from her throat to her collarbone, my tongue finding the dips and curves there. Her fingers clutched at my hair, occasionally tugging and clenching around the locks. Call me a masochist because that shit made me weak.4

Her hard little nipples dug into my chest, distracting me from my current endeavors. Because it seemed like she was fine with over the clothes action, I bent down and took one of her nipples between my teeth. She instantly arched off the bed, pushing her tits into me in a silent bid for more.4

I swirled my tongue around the bud, alternating between sucking and grazing it with my teeth. She was now shivering and clutching at my hair desperately, sometimes pushing me away, but always pulling me back. 6

I moved to the other nipple, frustrated by the clothes hindering me, but working with what I had. Remembering how she responded to small amounts of pain, I pinched the bud between my teeth. +

Whimpering, Hannah rolled her hips against me, thighs tightening around my waist to give herself better purchase. She moaned, squeezing her eyes closed as she pressed herself against me, over and over. I thought about taking over and grinding my cock into her, but I wanted more than dry humping this time. 6

She was definitely ready for more.7

Releasing her nipple, I looked up at her, at her parted lips and hooded eyes. She was so fucking hot when she was turned on - it made it so hard not to just flip her onto her stomach and fuck her like a deprived beast. But while I had a whole range of things I wanted to do to her, I needed it to be good for her. I needed her to see how good we could be.1

Because this attraction was going nowhere, and unless we gave in and fucked it out of our systems, there would always be regrets. So why not bang it out and then go our separate ways when it fizzled out? We'd both be happier for it.14


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

My legs still felt weak as I bent over the bathroom sink, trying and failing to get my breathing under control. 3

Oh my God. Tristan fucking Beckett had just kissed me — gone down on me. And it had been one of the most incredible sexual experiences of my life.2

And he'd hated it.41

I shifted on my legs and nearly buckled as my still-sensitive clit brushed against the front of my pants. I reached for the cold water tap, turning and turning until water finally started to trickle out in a weak stream. Cupping my hands, I waited until I had a decent handful to splash my face. The water helped some, cooling my burning skin.+

Drying my face with a hand towel, I sat on the toilet lid, relieving my trembling legs of my body weight. I still couldn't believe what had just happened — what I had let happen. +

In my current panicked state, my immediate instinct was to call Bailey. Because she'd know what to do in this situation, and she could tell me how to navigate the awkwardness that was bound to come up. But I couldn't because my stupid phone was still in my bedroom. And that was where he was.3

Why? Why would Tristan distance himself from me like that? Was it because he didn't like going down on women, and he felt like I'd forced him? Was it because I looked ugly naked? Did I smell bad? I'd just showered beforehand, but maybe my ph was off? Had I said something to anger him? Was it because he'd finally "had" me and now no longer wanted me?21

Wait, was it because I hadn't immediately returned the favor?3

I groaned as thousands of stupid thoughts crowded my head, increasing my anxiety and embarrassment. +

God, I might just stay in this bathroom forever.+

The music emanating from down below reminded me that eventually someone was gonna need the bathroom. In reality, Tristan and I needed to have a serious conversation. It was time to stop running away and pushing him away. This avoidance was getting us nowhere.5

With that thought, I stood back up and exited the small vintage bathroom. To my surprise, I found Penelope stationed at my bedroom door, her right ear pressed against the wood as if listening for something. She hadn't heard me leaving the bathroom so she gave no reaction to my presence.2

Had Amanda put her up to this?2

"What are you doing?" I asked, folding my arms as I surveyed her.+

Penelope jerked away from the door with a startled yelp, her wide eyes betraying her panic as she realized she'd been caught. It was almost comical.2

Her mouth opened and closed rapidly, searching for an excuse. "Uh... I-I was just seeing if you guys wanted a-anything. P-pizza has just arrived."+

Before I could answer, my door swung open to reveal a disheveled Tristan. His shirt was wrinkled from where I'd fisted it, his hair mussed from my earlier tugging, and his lips slightly swollen and red from our kisses. 6

His gaze cut to mine, lingering, before he looked down at Penelope — who stared up at him like a deer caught in headlights. His brow furrowed as he leaned against the doorframe.+

"P-pizza?" She squeaked, taking a small step away from him.+

His eyes flickered to mine, and he shook his head. "We're good, thanks."5

Penelope's already flushed face reddened further. She fidgeted, her hands fluttering as she struggled under the weight of our combined stares.+

"Oh. In th-that case, I'll just... go." With a nervous wave, she practically fled, never looking back as she hurried away. I doubted she'd be back.+

Once she was out of sight, we looked back at one another. His eyes trailed down my body, lingering on my bare legs. Already, his gaze alone was bringing back that now familiar heat, settling between my thighs as my clit still throbbed from his administrations. +

"You okay?" He asked, his head tilting slightly.1

He asked me that a lot. I liked it.9

Taking a deep breath, I nodded. "Yeah. Yeah, I'm good. I just needed some time to process... what happened."+

Tristan gave me a slow nod, his index finger tapping a rhythm into the doorframe as an awkward silence hung in the air. He cleared his throat and suggested, "We don't have to talk about it. I could leave if you want?"+

"No. We need to talk. I owe you an explanation. You deserve one after everything that's happened between us." +

My skin broke out in goosebumps as my anxiety spiked. I hated talking about Dylan and everything that had happened, hated reliving it. Even now, the only person who knew the full story was Bailey and that's because she'd rescued me from him. I could still hear the sound of his nose breaking as she punched him.27

Tristan let out a heavy sigh, raking a hand through his sex hair. There was still a noticeable emotional distance between us, and it was strange to feel him holding back. I almost would have preferred anger. I knew I needed to fix this.2

"You don't owe me anything, Hannah." +

"I just don't want you to think I'm leading you on, or being a tease — or something like that. I need you to know I have my reasons... and I'd like you to know those reasons." +

"I've never thought of you in that way, but sure, we can talk."+

He took a step back, allowing me room to enter my bedroom. As I moved inside, I nervously rubbed my upper arms, feeling the weight of the conversation ahead. I perched on the edge of my bed, eyes fixated on the carpet below. The door clicked shut, and my bed dipped slightly as he joined me. We didn't touch, but his presence was palpable. Neither of us spoke until I gathered the courage to begin.+

"I met Dylan during freshman week," I murmured, picking at the lint on my shorts.+

The mere mention of his name sent a rush of emotions surging through me, ones I wasn't entirely ready to confront. With my eyes tightly shut, I attempted to push away the flood of memories that threatened to overwhelm my thoughts. I was stronger than I used to be, I could get through this.1

Swallowing, I continued, "It was the first time I got to go out on my own — like I was finally breaking free from my stifling life back home. For me, college symbolized freedom — the chance to step away from my family and start really living life, having fun, meeting guys, and just finding my own way." I still remembered those initial feelings of excitement and hope. +

"I'd gone to some frat party on main with these other girls and Dylan singled me out in the crowd. He was the ultimate bad boy, the kind all the freshman girls drooled over, and he set his sights on me. I was enamored with him and I fell for it. Hook, line and sinker."+


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

"You were freaking out? About what?" I asked, shaking my head in bewilderment over this new revelation.3

Tristan sighed and it was full of exhaustion and defeat. I wanted to go to him, to hug and comfort him, but in my current angry state, I was just as likely to strangle him. I also needed answers; my bruised ego demanded them.2

"I don't know, Hannah... it's hard to explain."2

"Try." +

He finally let go of the windowsill and pivoted to face me. He had a pained expression on his face like he had a festering wound in his side and was unable to find a comfortable position. Crossing his massive arms, he leaned against the wooden edge and just studied me. Seconds drew out into long minutes as he appraised me. Finally, he spoke.+

"You're dangerous for me."4

What? That's it? I'm dangerous for him? My God, now I really wanted to strangle him.4

My frustration welled up, and I shot him an irritated glare. "You're going to have to give me more than that, Tristan. I don't understand what you're getting at. How the fuck am I dangerous for you?"4

The corner of his beautiful mouth tipped up at my anger. He tilted his head back, resting it against the top of the windowpane, and closed his eyes. "What I mean, babe, is that if I let myself care too much about you, you might become a permanent fixture in my life, and I'd want to keep you there. That means considering you in important life decisions. Like where I'm drafted."13

If anything, he was the one worming his way into my life. Draining all of my sanity like a parasite.4

My eyebrows knitted in puzzlement. "So... if you care about me, you think it'll cloud your judgment on decisions about your future?"+

He shrugged, "Not necessarily cloud it, but it could influence my choices because I'd have to factor us into the equation. Right now, I've got a lot on my plate. Scouts are scrutinizing every move I make, and I need to start thinking about hiring an agent. After that? Who fucking knows. I don't have time for a girlfriend. For example, I might get drafted to New York, although that's the last fucking thing anyone would want. Anyway, New York's far from here, and my ties to you could mean that I don't go."5

That made no fucking sense.10

"You think I'd stop you from going? That I'd purposely get between you and your football career?"+

"No, I know you're not that kind of person. I think I wouldn't want to go. And that's the problem."3

"But you would still go," I insisted. +

He sighed. "Probably. But I'd be miserable. And I don't like being miserable, not when I need to be focusing on my performance and showing my worth to the team. It could mess with my priorities, and lead me to make choices based on us rather than what's best for my career. It's a lot of pressure and distraction."4

"So I would make you miserable?"22

He laughed. "What is it with women and twisting our words? No, you wouldn't make me miserable — you'd make me miss you and that would make me miserable. And distracted. And a liability to my team."+

"All of this is hypothetical, right?"+

"I guess."+

"Okay... so where do we go from here?"5

He sighed again, running his hands through his hair. "I don't fucking know. I can still taste you and my head's a mess. I can't fucking think properly."17

His words immediately dissolved any irritation or anger I'd had towards him, instead reminding me of everything he'd done to me. My body warmed, hoping for a repeat. The effect he had over me was terrifying yet electrifying. It had been so long since I'd felt like this over a guy.+

I shifted, crossing my arms over my beaded nipples. "Do... you want to stop whatever this is? Go our separate ways so that you can concentrate on your career?"2

The mere thought of never talking to him again weighed heavily on me, but I'd make that sacrifice if it was best for him. I hadn't even shared with him the tough decisions looming over my own future. Depending on my choice, I could be transferring to a different state. I could be going to Washington.2

"Fuck no," he scoffed.18

Relief washed over me, the tension in my shoulders dissolving. While I was relieved by his response, I was still uncertain about where this left us.3

"So what do you want to do?"3

He hesitated, then straightened, pushing himself away from the ledge. My eyes locked onto him, tracking his every step as he closed the distance between us. He loomed mere inches from me, making me tilt my head back just to keep our heated eye contact. I flinched slightly, startled when his hand raised to brush against my skin, his firm grip finding the nape of my neck. A jolt of electrifying tension surged through me, every nerve on edge as my body swayed towards him, drawn to him on a primal level.+

"Do you want the truth?" He murmured, warm breath caressing my cheek.5

I nodded dumbly, rendered speechless by his proximity and touch.2

A single finger trailed down my cheek, coming to a stop on my bottom lip."I want to fuck you, Hannah. I want to bend you over that bed and fuck you until neither of us can walk straight. I want to make you scream until your voice is hoarse and you can't talk tomorrow. I wanna bite that ass because fuck me — it's the sexiest thing I've ever seen." His thumb swiped over my bottom lip. "And maybe I'll fuck this mouth if I still have the energy. Because I dream about what it will look like wrapped around my dick," he groaned, his thumb pushing into my mouth as if he were picturing it. I was too and my mouth watered at the thought.60

My lips parted with little resistance, accepting his thumb as my tongue shyly inched forward to swirl around the digit. He moaned, and pulled his hand away, stepping back and disentangling from me. I rocked forward, desperate to keep touching him. 1

"Wait. We need to finish this conversation," He winced, reaching down to adjust his erection.+

My eyes dropped down to the large bulge and I blushed, immediately averting my gaze.+

"You want exclusivity, right?"+

His words dragged me back out of my lust-infused haze, and it took me a couple of seconds to register what he'd just asked. Blinking at his words, I nodded slowly.+

"Okay." He said, "Okay. I can do exclusivity. It's not like I'm dying to fuck anyone else but you, or that I have the time to entertain multiple women."21


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

I melted into his arms the second they encircled me, pressing every inch of my feverish body against his large, powerful one.19

Moaning, I reached up with both my arms and wrapped them around his neck, pulling myself closer and pressing my lips more firmly to his. I angled my head to deepen the kiss. He groaned his approval, hand squeezing my ass.4

His other hand moved to join the one on my ass, and with no effort at all, he lifted me into his arms, wrapping my legs around his waist. I squeaked into our kiss but didn't pull away, only tightening my grip around his neck and interlocking my legs behind him. I was vaguely aware of the fact that he was walking. To where? I didn't care. All I could focus on was his kiss and the way I rubbed against him as he walked. My hips developed a mind of their own, moving against him in a desperate search for some relief as all of that need continued to build inside of me. The hands on my ass tightened their hold, helping me grind against him.1

It was only when he lowered the two of us, and I felt the firm mattress against my back that I briefly registered where we were. In my communal house, in my room, and on my bed while at least fifty people loitered around outside. Hell, Penelope could have had her ear pressed against my door again. And I didn't care. I didn't care about anything but him and getting out of these stupid restricting clothes.12

Our lips broke so that he could quickly yank my shirt off. He also took the time to get rid of his own shirt while I unclipped my bra and shrugged it off. His eyes immediately dropped to my boobs as a wicked smirk covered his face.+

Once we were both topless, he dropped back down to me, and my nipples grazed his chest, making both of us moan. It felt so good it sent shivers down my back and to my clit. One of his hands tangled itself in my hair and he ducked down to give me a quick but deep kiss. +

God, he was so good at kissing. I could kiss him forever.6

He pulled back to ask, "How far do you want to go?"5

I was panting, arching my back so that my tender breasts rubbed against him. "All the way. I'll kill you if you stop."3

He chuckled, "Got any condoms?"+

I had to make myself stop and really think before nodding, "Yeah. Second drawer next to the bed. They should be in there somewhere. Bailey left them the last time she visited."4

"Which was when?"+

"Two months ago. They should still be fine." Unable to resist, my hands traveled from his neck and across his shoulders as I admired all of the rippling muscles.5

I'd never been with a super fit guy before. Dylan and even Peter before him had both been on the leaner side, hardly ever exercising and relying on their fast metabolisms. 6

I loved Tristan's body. I loved the strength and power behind it — the way it moved and the things it could do. I loved to touch it. It was just so perfect in my eyes. 4

He went to go grab the condoms, stretching over me to reach for my bedside table. He strained to open the drawer and then scratched around it, searching for the condoms we so desperately needed. I heard the crackling of the wrappers as he found them.+

"Hurry up," I said, eager to get back to our activities.4

His nipple was right above my mouth so I licked and gently bit it. I heard him drop the wrappers, cursing under his breath. I laughed as he fumbled around for them, continuing to lavish his nipple with my tongue. Finally, he grabbed the condoms again and tossed them onto the bed next to us before righting himself on top of me.7

"You're going to pay for that," he growled, nipping my bottom lip with his teeth.6

"I look forward to it," I grinned up at him, running my hands down his impressive chest, over his rock-hard abs, before tracing that deep V with my fingertips.+

No wonder they called them sex lines — they were so freaking hot. Everything about him was so freaking hot.12

He held still, breathing hard as he let me explore his body. I could feel the tension behind his rippling muscles as he fought to keep still under my touch. The tips of my fingers traced the hard ridges and bumps of his six-pack, following his happy trail to where it disappeared beneath his pants. Looking back up at him, our eyes met as my hand slipped into his boxers.+

My fingers quickly found the huge, throbbing cock straining against his pants. He was both silky soft and incredibly hard at the same time, and so hot as he jerked against my tentative touch. I could no longer tell myself he didn't want me, not with the glaring evidence presenting itself to me. That gave me the confidence to wrap my hand around his length, squeezing gently. 12

Tristan winced as if in pain, teeth clenched as the vein in his temple throbbed angrily. He moaned, pressing himself into my grip and I stroked him. It was a little difficult because he still had his pants on, but I did my best. When I stroked him again his hand shot down to stop me, wrapping around my exposed forearm and pulling my hand away, pinning it above my head.+

"I need you to stop, babe. I won't last if you touch me like that. It's not going to take a lot to get me there."3

Me neither. I'd probably need more time than him because I'd just come, but I wasn't embarrassed to admit that he had me really worked up and ready for him. Even now, my panties were ruined and my clit throbbed in need.3

I whimpered, throwing my head back when he dipped his head and suckled on my left nipple. Hard. His other had moved between my legs, yanking my shorts and underwear down to my thighs before sliding between my legs. He found my clit quickly, rolling the sensitive nub under the pad of his thumb. My arousal quickly covered his fingers as he forced me to take more. More pleasure, more pressure. More everything.1

"Fuck. You're so wet, Hannah," he groaned, quickly moving to rid me of my pants.8

I might have been embarrassed any other time, but right now I needed him. I needed some fucking relief before my head exploded from too many sensations.+

"Please," I begged, panting as I struggled to speak. "No more teasing. I'm ready. I want you. Now."3

His gaze cut to mine as he drew back from me. "You sure about this?"+

"God yes," I moaned, one of my own hands lifting to pinch my nipple as he watched me with dark eyes. 4

As I touched myself, he quickly worked to take off his pants and underwear. And when I looked down and saw his angry, throbbing cock, I audibly gasped, sitting up in alarm. That thing was sure to cause a lot of damage.10


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

H: Thanks for the coffee. I don't think I would have survived without it.4

T: I figured you were gonna be tired. I didn't exactly go easy on you.3

H: If easy means letting me go to sleep before 4 in the morning, then no, you didn't go easy on me..3

I could still feel him, especially when I sat down or crossed my legs. And I was so tired. Tristan had only allowed me to have power naps last night — so I would sleep for a max of two hours before he woke me up again. His stamina both impressed and terrified me, as did his ability to drive me crazy with desire each time.11

H: I know your game is still a while away, and this is such a girly question, but what should I wear? When I was there last time, everyone was all dressed up in team colors and merch. I don't own any of that stuff.+

T: Wear nothing.16

T: On the other hand, if you wore nothing, I'd lose because I'd be too busy staring at you the whole time, so maybe that's a bad idea.+

H: Right, because I was seriously considering that option.5

T: I'm sensing a hint of sarcasm. Don't worry about it, what you wore last time was fine. If you want to show some support, maybe you could wear a low-cut top and paint my number on your tits? I feel like seeing your tits would really motivate me.8

H: My brother's coming with, remember? There's no way I'm wearing anything less than PG with him around. And you already know what they look like.+

T: Not with my number on them, I don't. I feel like they would look so pretty.+

H: I'm sure you'll survive.1

H: Oh, because this is a home game, are your parents or any other family members gonna be there? Do I need to hide from anyone?+

T: My parents are in Italy for their anniversary, my brother's busy with a work thing, and my sister lives in Canada with her husband. You can put away the camouflage.+

I chuckled and went to reply when someone bumped into me. It wasn't too hard — but it was enough to make me stumble back and almost drop my phone. Irritation raced through me and I opened my mouth to give whoever it was a piece of my mind, but a soft voice interrupted me.+

"I'm so sorry!" The person squeaked, small hands grabbing at my arm to stabilize me.+

I blinked in surprise when I saw the girl from the bathroom — Beth, standing right behind me. She was empty-handed and wearing an apologetic look on her face.32

"It's okay, I'm fine. Are you hurt?" I asked, looking her over. She was just as pale and thin as before, dressed in a white blouse and floral skirt.+

"Oh, I'm not hurt, thank you. Sorry for bumping into you, I tend to daydream a lot and don't always watch where I'm going. Silly me," she smiled softly, fingers tangling in her skirt.31

"No worries," I said, smiling back at her. "It's good to see you again."+

"It is good," Her gaze scanned my face and she asked, "Are you okay? You look really tired —like you didn't get much sleep."10

"Oh," I felt my cheeks warm, "I guess I didn't. Assignments and such — you understand, of course."2

"Right. Professors can be really mean sometimes."+

We settled into an awkward silence and I cleared my throat. "I've gotta run, I have a class soon. But are you sure you're okay? Still dealing with that horrible ex? I hope that guy isn't giving you trouble anymore."+

Beth gave me a small smile and shook her head, "No. No trouble. He would never actually harm me. He's too kind and respectful to do something like that."31

"Oh... well, it's reassuring to know he's a good guy. That means the breakup was civil, at least, right?"+

The skin around her eyes tensed. "Not really. I did something he didn't like, and he got angry with me. But I'm sure that if I just say I'm sorry, then he'll forgive me. And then we can be together again."52

"That's nice of you — to take accountability and apologize. That's not something a lot of people can do." Sometimes, me included. "I'm sure what you did wasn't too bad, and that he'll forgive you soon."8

"Yes, I believe that we're truly meant to be together. I went through a lot of terrible things and he was always there for me. He was my first love, and I hope he'll be my last. Don't you think that about your ex? Maybe he just made a mistake, and if he says sorry, you guys could get back together?"28

I scoffed, "Not a chance in hell. Dylan is a total nightmare, and I never want to see him again. Forgiveness isn't even on the table for us."+

Beth's smile faded for a moment, replaced by a distant, almost desperate look in her eyes. "Forgiveness is such a crucial thing, Hannah. Sometimes, it's the only way to heal. We all need to forgive."42

I frowned, feeling a bit uneasy with the intensity of her eyes. "Yeah, I guess. Anyway, I should get going to class. I'll catch you later?"+

She smiled again, nodding. "We'll see each other soon. It's always nice to talk to you, Hannah."30

I managed a weak smile and headed off to my class. Glancing back, I saw her waving at me with those intense brown eyes as I left. I waved back and quickened my pace, determined not to be late for Physics.3

°•°•°•°+


      
  
    
        
    
    
      
        
        
      
    
   


Jason and his friend, Parker, were easy to spot near the entrance. Both of them were pretty tall, especially my brother. When I'd asked him if he wanted to come to the game, he'd immediately said yes, but with a request to bring along his best friend this time. Parker offered to pay for his own ticket, but Tristan was happy to supply him with one. I actually liked the idea of my brother having a football buddy because then they could geek out together while I focused on my food. They were both over the moon about seeing Tristan, so they'd made me promise to help get his autograph. I couldn't resist their enthusiasm, and I knew Tristan wouldn't mind.1


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

Tristan's car was filled with his intoxicating scent, and I inhaled deeply, barely holding back a sigh. There was a very high chance that I was addicted to the way he smelled. My eyes snapped back open when my phone chimed with a message. I quickly checked it to find a text from Jace.4

J: Please tell Tristan that we say thanks for talking to us. It was awesome.+

H: Awe. Does my baby brother have a man crush?1

J: You bet. Kiss him for me, won't you?28

I gaped at his cheek. That little asshole. He should definitely expect a knuckle sandwich from me the next time I saw him. The door on the driver's side clicked open and I smiled as Tristan climbed in. He tossed his duffle bag into the back seat and then turned to face me, his arm draping over the back of my seat.+

"Come here," he growled.33

I was more than happy to obey, leaning forward to eagerly meet him halfway. Cupping the back of my neck, he pressed his lips to mine. The kiss started out slow and teasing before exploding into a fierce and desperate battle.6

I moaned as he stroked my tongue with his, effectively taking my breath away as we devoured each other. We had a whole day's worth of pent-up sexual frustration and it translated into our kiss, in how we refused to let up for air, more concerned about catching up than breathing.3

My breathing was labored, my lips bruised and tingling when he pulled away. Our eyes met and he pressed another quick kiss to my swollen mouth. +

From this close, I could see the vibrant depth of his green eyes in the dimly lit car, as well as the tiny beauty spot just below his right eyebrow. I wanted to kiss it. My eyes trailed appreciatively over his striking face, taking pride in the sight of his slightly swollen lips. And then he groaned, shifting in discomfort. 6

"Fuck."+

"Are you okay?" I asked, worried that he'd been hurt during his match.+

"No. My dick's about to rip through my pants and it's all your fault," he winced, reaching down to adjust said appendage.22

I looked down at the noticeable tent in his pants and laughed, sitting up straight in my seat. "That's your problem."+

He grinned devilishly, "And yours."6

He kissed me one last time before starting the car. He pulled out of the Stadium's parking lot, careful not to hit any other cars. I had to commend him on his driving skills. I was still nervous in heavily crowded places and preferred to wait until there were fewer people before navigating an obstacle course like this one.+

"Oh, yeah, I forgot to ask. Would it be okay with you if we made a quick appearance at the victory party? I have to pop in because I'm their captain and today was a pretty big win for us."+

Apprehension crawled up my throat. "Together?"+

He nodded, his focus on the road. "Don't worry, I promise everyone will already be too smashed to notice. But you don't have to come with... I could drop you off at your place, go for a little while, and then join back up with you afterward?"3

I appreciated his consideration in trying to make me comfortable, but he was right. College students tended to party hard, and why should anyone care that I was standing beside him?+

"No, you don't have to do that. Let's go, I'll be fine," I assured him with a small smile.2

"You sure?"+

"Yeah. We won't be too long, right?"+

"Right. Just a quick in and out. Thanks, babe," he said with an adorable crooked smile, and I couldn't help but return it.8

We settled into a comfortable silence, but I soon noticed how restless he was. His foot bounced rapidly when it wasn't on the pedal, and his index finger from the hand on my thigh tapped against my flesh incessantly. It was beginning to drive me crazy.+

"What's wrong?" I asked, reaching for his hand and interlocking our fingers to help soothe his restlessness.3

He glanced at me, raising an eyebrow. "What do you mean?"+

"You seem...jumpy, more so than your usual restlessness."+

"Ah. It's the adrenaline, it hasn't left my system yet. I can never concentrate on nights after a game because my mind is still in the game."1

"Are you thinking about the game now?"+

"Yeah. I'm mentally going over some of the plays I made, trying to analyze the team and I's performance and figure out where we could improve."3

"And now?" I lifted his hand to my lips, pressing a soft kiss against his rough knuckles. "Still thinking about the game?" I couldn't help but smirk as his eyes darkened, fixating on my lips.9

"No."5

I rubbed my lips against the back of his hand, teasing his skin with soft kisses.+

"What are you thinking about now?" I tried to suppress my smile as I posed the question.1

"You," he answered, his gaze shifting between the road and me.+

"And?"2

"That mouth. The things I want to do to it."6

"Oh?" My lips quirked, "I'm listening..."+

I blinked in surprise when Tristan pulled his hand away from mine and returned it to the gear stick as the car suddenly accelerated.+

"New plan," he muttered, rounding a corner.5

I didn't say anything, assuming he was taking us home to continue what we both wanted. But soon enough, a frown crept onto my face as we drove into an unfamiliar area.1

"Where are you taking us?" I asked, looking around with mild concern.+

I trusted him, but the streets were empty and dark, and it made me a little uneasy. Was I about to discover a whole new side to him while he brutally murdered me?6

"Here," he said, turning into a vacant parking lot enclosed by chain-link fencing, with an unoccupied basketball court next to it.+

I surveyed the parking lot with growing alarm. Was this to be my place of death?3

My nails dug into my thighs when he stopped the car, turned it off, and opened his door. I watched him in horror as he climbed out of the car and then turned back to face me.+

He leaned in to say, "Get in the backseat."13

Realization dawned on me and I gaped at him.+

"Surely you don't mean for us to have sex here?" I hissed, searching for any signs of other people, my heart pounding.4


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

We arrived in front of a sizable two-story house painted in faded purple and dark green. It showcased prominent Victorian influences, and surprisingly, it wasn't as ugly as it should have been.1

The front garden was teeming with clusters of college kids, busy sipping from red solo cups and cans of Budweiser. You could tell who the freshmen were immediately. +

Freshmen always tended to overdress, not having learned yet that eventually, everyone valued comfort and casual style overlooking perfect. No one wanted to do the walk of shame in last night's heels. That's precisely why my simple loose shirt and purple leggings helped me blend right in. My hoodies often achieved the same effect because if there was something I despised more than tuna and mustard, it was standing out.2

"It's really busy," I noted, taking in our surroundings.+

"The football house tends to always be busy. It's why I moved out. The lack of sleep, too much drinking, and constant partying was starting to affect my performance on the field." Tristan put the car in park, unclipping his and my seatbelt.+

"Wait, you lived here?"+

"For my first year, yeah. But like I said, I needed to leave if I was going to take football more seriously." He stepped out of the car, "Wait a sec, I'll open it."9

I was confused until I realized he meant the door. And then I contemplated whether I wanted him to open the door for me. No one had ever done that, and it felt somewhat strange and lazy on my part. But before I could settle on my stance, he opened the door. I decided to just go with it.6

"Thanks," I said as I stepped out.+

"Ready?"+

I nodded, looking around nervously.+

"Great, then let's go. We'll only stay half an hour," he said, already making his way up the pavement.+

People had already started to recognize him, pointing and staring as we walked up the pathway to the front door. A couple of people threw out congratulations, and Tristan grinned his thanks, nodding at them. I dropped my gaze when their eyes fell on me.+

One of the guys at the door recognized him right away, a smile splitting across his face. "Dude, you were fucking awesome today. You and Mitchell absolutely killed it."+

"Thanks, man." They went in for a bro hug, patting each other's backs.+

"Want anything to drink? I can hook you up with anything." The guy asked, lifting his can of beer.+

"I'm good, man. Thanks," he said, glancing at me to see if I wanted anything and I shook my head.5

Tristan exchanged a few parting words with the guy before wrapping his arm around my waist and pulling me close to his side. I briefly considered objecting, worried about the impression it might give people, but I soon understood his reasons when we entered the house.5

The entire place was jam-packed with people. Blaring, bass-heavy music reverberated through the floors as the crowd danced, made out, and engaged in conversation. A guy even stood on a table, tossing cans of beer to those who called for them. The combined aroma of beer, sweat, and weed hung thick in the air, nearly overwhelming.+

When people started to catch sight of Tristan, the volume in the room increased, turning into a chorus of "number thirteen" chants. He grinned, effortlessly soaking in their affection and encouragement while I shrank back into his hold.+

"There's our captain! We were beginning to wonder if you'd ever show." One of the McGraw twins appeared in front of us, already shirtless, his torso covered in different colored lipstick stains. 5

"Where's your shirt, Alex?" Tristan asked, chuckling as they fist-bumped.+

"Covered in Diego's puke. He challenged me to a drinking game and got his ass handed to him," Alex whooped, thumping his chest with his fists.+

His eyes widened when he saw me, "Hey, it's Hoodie Girl! Good to see you again. Wanna add to the canvas?" He gestured to the dozens of lipstick kisses littering his ripped torso.13

Tristan's grip around my waist tightened and I shook my head, "Sorry, I'm not wearing any lipstick. The only bit I have left is on my cheeks." The rest had been wiped away by Tristan and his delicious mouth.9

"It's all good." The blonde man-child's eyes crinkled at the corners when he smiled.+

"Where are the rest of the guys?" Tristan asked, his thumb inching under my shirt to tease the skin on my hipbone.+

I looked around, worried that someone would see. But like Tristan had said before, everyone was too concerned with partying to pay too much attention to our proximity. +

"They're scattered around. But if you're looking for Tate and them, they're out back." Alex answered, grinning when a passing woman pressed a kiss against his shoulder, leaving behind a pink lip print.1

After bidding Alex farewell, Tristan led us through the crowd. Everyone seemed to have something to say to him all at once. It was chaotic, with people closing in on us, their eyes hazy from excess alcohol and other substances. I stayed back, preferring to stay quiet as Tristan dealt with all of them. I was relieved that everyone mostly ignored me, looking past me to fawn over him. Even if it meant that girls flirted with him right in front of me.2

I hated it. I hated when they looked at him with their admiring gazes, how they batted their lashes and laughed at everything he said, even when it wasn't a joke. The only thing that kept me from losing it was his supporting arm around me, keeping me upright and close to him. He never let me go.7

I only felt like I could breathe again when we stepped through the back sliding doors and into the backyard.+

"Wow, that was intense." I breathed a sigh of relief that it was over.+

"It can be. You still okay? Say the word, and we're out of here." His hand spread across the small of my back, fingertips dangerously close to my ass.+

"I'm okay, just happy we're out of there."+

"Good. Come on, we'll join Tate and some of my other teammates. They're a lot better company than those people."+

The rest of the football players were gathered together, some sipping beer from cans, others with water bottles as they sat in a circle on some lawn chairs. There were a few girls among them, but they were most likely the players' girlfriends. It seemed like there was an unspoken rule that not just anyone could walk up and join their group.+


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

"What do you mean you won't be able to come this weekend? I only get to see you once a week. You can't take that time away from me."16

"It's just one weekend, mom. I'll see you the weekend after," I replied with a sigh.+

"But I told all my friends you'd be attending the annual children's charity event at the church. Cheryl was going to introduce you to her son. He's an engineer, you know. And very involved in the church. He's a lovely young man."7

Well, in that case, I was really glad I wasn't going. If there was anything worse than choking down my mom's terrible cooking — it was going to all those church events that inevitably became a way for my mom to try and hook me up with one of the members or their kids. I wasn't super religious, and she believed that all I needed was a devout partner to guide me back to faith. I respected her beliefs, but they just weren't for me.+

"It's your dad, isn't it? You're visiting him this weekend, and you just don't want me to know," her voice was laced with hurt as she threw the accusation at me.6

"Not everything's about Dad. I'm just going out with a few friends to this... thing," I winced, knowing that was the wrong thing to say.+

She immediately assumed the worst. "What 'thing'? That sounds dangerous. Will there be drinking or drugs?"6

Drinking? Definitely. Drugs? Probably. What's important is that I'd only be doing one of those things and in moderation.1

"No, no," I stressed, "Think of it as a... camping trip. We're taking some tents and food for a weekend under the stars. No one's doing drugs, I promise." +

Well, technically. I certainly knew Tristan wasn't going to be taking any. Come to think of it, he never drank any alcohol so I didn't even know if he was going to be drinking.+

Her concern continued as she asked, "You'll call me every day, right? I need to know you're safe."9

"How about I text you instead? I'll check in twice a day," I bargained.+

"How will I be sure it's really you messaging me?"4

I rolled my eyes. "Why would anyone else message you specifically from my phone to tell you I was doing fine? Please don't worry, mom. My friends are pretty responsible — everything's gonna be fine."2

It took another fifteen minutes to convince her that I wasn't going to get murdered this weekend. I was mentally exhausted when she finally let me hang up. That's why when my phone rang again, I sighed, thinking it was her. But I was pleasantly surprised to see Bailey's name on my screen. I answered without any further hesitation.+

"Hey, there, Sugartits," she purred.8

I laughed. "Sugartits?"+

"Some crackhead at the 7/11 called me that, and I laughed so much I peed a little. You should have seen his face — he looked like he thought I belonged in a mental hospital," she snorted.+

"You do belong in a mental hospital."2

"They'd never be able to keep me there," she said, clearly smug over this fact. "I'm calling because I missed your voice. Talk dirty to me, darling."9

I clearly attracted a certain type of people. 7

"Do you think you could come down for the weekend?"+

"That depends. What's in it for me?" She teased.5

"Does an entire weekend of drinking, partying, and dancing sound fun?"+

"Go on..."1

"Tristan and our college's football team is hosting this Football Festival thing. We're supposed to bring tents, food and booze. Apparently, a lot of people are coming. He suggested that I bring you along."+

"I've heard of it — it's pretty famous. I probably shouldn't be surprised that he invited you, considering you're his girlfriend and all."+

"I'm not his girlfriend. I told you — we're just friends with benefits."15

"Not yet, you aren't. I mean, how could you be when I still haven't vetted him yet."2

I groaned from the mental anguish she was putting me under. "Are you in, or are you out?"1

"I'm totally in. It sounds fun. How about I skip my Friday classes and spend the day with you before we leave for the festival? We can catch up, maybe spend the day at a spa, and get all glamourized for the weekend?"+

"What about your classes?" I asked, bending down to take off my boots and then my pants. I needed to change out of yesterday's clothes.+

I'd spent the night at Tristan's place, and my clothes still smelt like a football stadium, despite the shower we'd taken together this morning. The long shower.29

"Who cares if I miss one day? Spending time with my best friend is more important. Speaking of my best friend, she needs to spill all of the deets on her new super hot side piece. It's so hard to get anything out of you over text."+

"How can he be my side piece if I don't have a main piece?"+

"Uh, duh... I'm your main piece. Am I just fodder to you? I'm starting to feel neglected," she whined.8

I laughed and answered her previous question, "He's great. I spent the night last night."+

"And...?" +

"And it was great," I cleared my throat, trying to banish thoughts of last night as I pulled off my shirt and unclipped my bra.+

"Oh, I could strangle you. Just wait until I get there. I'm going to hold you down until you give me all of the dirty details. I've already cyber-stalked him, so I know he gives off Big Dick Energy. Have you seen the pictures of him in football tights?"2

"I've seen him wearing the tights in person. I've also seen him out of them." I had to shake my head as I mentally pictured him naked.8

"And you're not going to tell me anything? Fine, hold onto your secrets for now. I'll get them out of you eventually."1

I sat down on my bed, laughing at the frustration in her voice. According to Bailey, we needed to share all our personal secrets. She was the one person I told everything to, so usually, I'd be happy to tell her everything. It's just that with Tristan... I didn't know where to start. Things were intense and explosive, and I didn't know how to describe them to her.2

We stayed on the phone for the next two hours, multitasking as we spoke. I changed into some jeans and a long-sleeved shirt, opting for a French braid to keep my hair out of my face. I tried to divide my attention between some homework and listening to Bailey's entertaining ramblings, but it quickly became evident that I wasn't getting any work done. I giggled as she told me the story of how her professor accidentally sent her whole class his nudes by email. And Bailey being Bailey, criticized his choice of lighting, positioning, and angling.15


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

Bailey's scream when she saw me could've woken the whole neighborhood. A jogger passing by even stopped to gawk at her. 3

She dropped her bags and sprinted towards me. Her squeals of happiness echoed in my ears as she leaped into my arms, her hug surprisingly strong. I laughed and returned her bear hug. We held each other, swaying for what felt like forever, without saying a word. 4

Bailey's signature Lily-Rose scent filled my nose, and I took a deep breath, soaking in the comforting fragrance. I didn't usually let people invade my personal space, but Bailey's hugs were something special. They were full of love and always made me feel so much better.6

"It's so good to see you," she mumbled into our hug.+

"I'm happy to see you too, Bay." We finally released each other, but she didn't let go of my hands. We just looked at each other, and she gave me that familiar mischievous grin.+

Bailey Devereux was a 5'2 bundle of pure chaos, had been since we were toddlers. And she was a stunner, especially now that she'd grown up and entered young adulthood. In high school, she'd had braces, a little extra baby fat, and short hair that her grandma insisted on due to her unruly curls. But now? She had perfect white teeth, stunning brown curls with platinum blonde highlights, and she had the kind of body that some celebrities paid for. I'd always thought she was beautiful, but now she had men panting after her everywhere she went.19

"Oh my god, your sex glow is gorgeous," she gushed, reaching up to pat my cheeks.+

Slapping her hands away, I rolled my eyes. "There's no such thing."+

Actually, I did have one. My skin was clearer than it had ever been, I was in more good moods - even my hair was shinier and had more volume to it. I just wasn't willing to admit it, or Tristan would say it was because of all the facials and that he'd be happy to do more of them.18

"Darling, I've never seen you look this good, and you've always been really pretty."+

"And you think sex with a man is the reason?"+

"I think sex with a certain man is the reason."12

A faint blush colored my cheeks, and I quickly changed the topic. "We should go get your bags from the poor Uber driver. He's been standing there, waiting for ages for us to stop hugging."+

"Oh! We definitely should - I got you a few presents. I can't wait for you to open them."3

"You shouldn't have, Bay. I didn't get you anything." +

She waved her hand dismissively as she retrieved her suitcase from the driver. "Don't worry, darling. Your presence is enough, and you know how I enjoy spoiling you. Besides, these gifts aren't just for you." She then picked up two shopping bags, each with unfamiliar brand names on them.14

I narrowed my eyes at her. "Should I be worried?"+

"No." Her smile told me otherwise.2

I eyed the bags wearily. "Let's get everything inside before we head out for breakfast."+

She did a little happy dance. "I can't wait! I've planned so much for us. I called a few places around here to book some appointments. Look forward to a full-body massage and so much more, curtesy of mommy dearest."5

I shook my head and helped her carry the bags inside. My roommates were all out, either in class or doing their own things. Bailey had already met all of them during her previous visits. She got along well with Tanya and Jenny, but she couldn't stand Amanda and her friends, mostly for my sake. It was easy when Amanda already felt threatened by her.+

Bailey would be sleeping with me - like our sleepovers as kids. It didn't bother me because I was used to her kicking, snoring, and random sleep ramblings. Compared to her, Tristan was a joy to sleep with. 3

When he let me sleep.26

"Speaking of your mysterious man, when do I get to meet him? I've got to complete the best friend check."+

I narrowed my eyes at her, "And what, exactly, does this best friend check entail?"+

She feigned innocence, batting her eyelashes. "Oh, you know... just the usual. He should have nothing to fear if he's got nothing to hide. I've already done a background check. No arrests, no DUIs... he's looking good so far. But everyone's got secrets, and I intend to find out all of his. No one breaks my best friend's heart again."26

°•°•°•°+


      
  
    
        
    
    
      
        
        
      
    
   


She dragged me to a hairdresser, a massage parlor, a nail tech, a waxing specialist, and a shopping mall. By the end of the day, my body felt like it belonged to someone else. I was this bare, smooth, almost sparkling thing that could barely get a word in between Bailey's ramblings. Thankfully, we were surrounded by people all day, and Bailey knew she wouldn't get any juicy details out of me in those environments.+

We finally got home around nine in the evening after grabbing dinner. Stepping into my room after a quick shower, I found Bailey on my bed, flipping through my internship options while on her stomach and with her legs swinging in the air. Her hair was still bundled in a special hair towel from her shower. She grinned when I stepped in, wearing only a towel around my body.1

"Wait. Before you get changed, we're having a fashion show. You're trying on everything I got you," she announced, clapping and sitting upright to watch me.6

I groaned. There was a lot of stuff. "Do we have to? It's late. Let's climb into bed and watch a movie or something."+

"We don't have the same taste in movies. And this is my entertainment. Now start dressing if you want to get this over with before tomorrow. Ooh, I know. Try on the clothes in the red bag first - I'm dying to see you in a dress."+

I sighed and resigned myself to the next two hours of torture.1

It was nearly midnight when Bailey finally let me stop. She made me try on everything, coordinated outfits and made me try those on too. I felt like a mannequin by the end of it.1


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

"Do you have any baby mama's?"9

Tristan's lips quirked as he kept his eyes on the road.+

"No."+

"Are you sure?" I could see Bailey narrowing her eyes at him through the rearview mirror.+

"Yes."+

Given his strict stance on birth control, I didn't doubt his answer. If he had gotten someone pregnant, he wouldn't have abandoned them. He'd have taken responsibility and stepped up as a father. He'd be a great dad; I was sure of that.6

For the past hour and a half, as we drove to the festival, Bailey had been quizzing Tristan on anything and everything. Some of her questions were insightful and informative, while the rest were random and uninformative. Like, "If you were stranded on a deserted island and could only bring one type of cheese, what would it be?"7

Tristan's answer had been Cheddar — one I never thought he'd choose. So maybe Bailey was onto something with that one.7

"On a scale of one to ten, how would you rate your dancing skills?"4

Tristan took a moment to think about it. "I'd say a solid eight. I used to compete against my sister in Just Dance, and I'd smoke her ass every time."7

"So you're competitive?"+

"Very. Does Hannah like competitive guys?" He asked her, though I was sitting right next to him in the passenger seat.+

"Hannah finds competitive guys annoying. Especially when they talk about her like she isn't here," I answered, shooting him a faux-annoyed look.5

He glanced at me, grinning, "Sorry, babe."6

I couldn't help the small smile that fought its way onto my face and looked away, shaking my head slightly. Those words always got to me, especially when he said them.+

"What qualities do you like about Hannah the most?" Bailey asked.+

I tensed at this question, curious to know the answer. Especially when I believed I had no redeeming qualities as a partner.4

"Do you mean her appearance or her personality?"+

"Hm... let's go with both, one from each."+

"Easy," he smirked, "Her sass and her ass."47

Bailey giggled while I groaned, letting my head fall back and hit the headrest. I should have known that would be his answer. What else was there to like about me?5

"I also love how strong Hannah is, and I'm not just talking about her physical strength. It's her resilience, you know? Dealing with life's curveballs — she does it with this inner strength that constantly surprises me. She handles tough situations and comes out even stronger, and that's seriously impressive."20

I looked at him, surprised by that admission. He thought I was strong? Why did that make me happy?1

"I'm glad that you see that," Bailey nodded with approval, "So would you say you're attracted to strong women?"+

He laughed, "I guess. I haven't really thought about it. I've never been in a committed relationship, so I'm not too sure what my preferences are."3

"Hmm. So then, what are your thoughts on commitment? Are you one of those guys who don't believe in it? Do you believe that love isn't real?"+

"No. One day, I'd like to settle down, get married, have brats — the whole nine yards. Just not for a while. Right now, I'm just enjoying the freedom and all the possibilities that come with it."+

Right. I had to keep reminding myself that Tristan wasn't mine to keep. Especially when, each day, I felt myself getting too attached, emotions deepening beyond our initial deal. I'd be lucky if I still had him for the next couple of weeks. 3

That thought sobered me.+

I zoned out while Bailey continued to pester him with questions, watching the passing scenery as I thought about our situation. Had I screwed up by agreeing to this?+

Would it hurt when we split up? 9

I purposely avoided thinking about it because, when I did, I felt sick to my stomach. I couldn't breathe. That was a bad sign, right?4

I sighed, leaning my head against the window. This whole thing made my head hurt. And my heart. On one hand, I was happy, content in a way I hadn't been for a long time. But on the other hand, our eventual split felt like this dark cloud looming over our current relationship, a constant reminder that we had a time limit. It was also a reminder of the impending heartbreak that would inevitably follow. 1

I wasn't stupid. I knew losing Tristan was going to hurt. I just wasn't confident in my ability to handle it. Would I crumble like I did when I left Dylan? Would the end of our relationship leave me shattered, struggling to function, mirroring the aftermath of my breakup with Dylan? Would it be worse? God, I hoped not. I hoped that I was stronger than that now.3

Tristan's hand, warm and possessive, settled over my thigh, sending an electric jolt through my system, and I jerked in surprise. When I looked up at him, he gave me a cheeky grin, shooting me a wink before going back to focusing on driving. 4

The pit in my stomach deepened, overshadowing the warmth of his touch. I know I should have been happy about that little show of affection, and usually, I would be. But right now, the realization hit me hard — these fleeting moments of affection would soon become memories. His warmth, the casual intimacy, all of it would be gone.14

Oh God. Was I going to be forced to watch him get with another woman? Eventually marry her? Have kids with her? I didn't even know if I wanted kids. I didn't know if I could be a good mother — but I did know I didn't want him to have them with anyone else. But that was something for the distant future, and we didn't have one of those.6

My eyes pricked at the thought, and I frowned. I wasn't going to cry. So I swallowed the lump in my throat and reached for his hand, intertwining our fingers. His hand squeezed mine, just like it did to my heart.+

My eyes couldn't leave our joined hands on my lap.+

It looked so right.2

°•°•°•°+


      
  
    
        
    
    
      
        
        
      
    
   



                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

Having sex in a tent was... an experience.22

First, I made Tristan wait until no one saw us going into the tent. It was pretty obvious what we were going to do, and I didn't want some creep listening to us.3

Second, as we climbed in, we both tripped over the flap at the entrance. I blamed him and his distracting mouth. Thankfully, the air mattress had already been blown up and cushioned our fall.+

Third, the air mattress was a single-person mattress, and Tristan was a big guy. In our frantic fumble to get our clothes off, we rolled off twice, hitting the hard ground. He was quick to break my fall both times, which left us breathless but laughing.+

Fourth, we weren't really successful at removing our clothes. The zipper on my dress was stuck, so we could only push the skirt part of it up to my ribs. Tristan's shirt hung around his neck, and his jeans were only unbuttoned and unzipped.+

And lastly, he was in a playful mood. It was hard to take things seriously when he was whispering cheesy high school one-liners into my ear as we made out like horny teens.+

"C-can I touch your boobs? Just over your clothes." His fingers grazed the sides of my breasts over the material.27

I could hear him barely holding back his laughter as he touched me lightly, his shoulders shaking from the repressed laughter. When I arched my back into his touch, he pulled back. 2

I was about to kill him.+

"Yes, you can touch my boobs," I growled, pushing my hips into his as I tried to pull him back to me.+

"R-really? I can touch them for real?" 24

I groaned, and my head fell back against the pillow as I glared up at him. "You're ridiculous."1

He lifted a hand and put it on my left breast... and just left it there. We both looked down at the hand.+

"Does this feel good?" He just about snorted with laughter.+

I narrowed my eyes at him. "You're having a lot of fun, aren't you?"4

He smirked and bent to kiss me. Just as I was getting into it, thinking he was done with his little game, he pulled back again. My eyes fluttered open, and I frowned.+

"What now?"+

His face became serious, and I quickly sobered, growing concerned with the sudden change in his behavior. That was until he said,+

"I promise I'll still respect you in the morning."3

He laughed as I slapped his chest, letting out a noise of frustration, but his deep rumbles drew a reluctant smile from me, and I sighed, wrapping my legs around his hips. And then I decided to go along with his silly game.+

"But what if I don't want you to respect me? What if I want you to do," I kissed his jaw, "Really," I kissed his chin, "Really," I kissed the corner of his mouth, "Bad things to me?" I kissed his lips, nibbling on the bottom one.4

He groaned and deepened the kiss, stroking my tongue with his. Moaning into his mouth, I ran my hands down the front of his chest, tracing the bulging muscles there. They rippled under my touch, and I pressed closer, needing to feel his warmth. My hands glided lower until I reached the band of his underwear. His hand left my side to grab ahold of mine. He then pressed my hand directly to his cock.+

"Do you wanna feel what it feels like?"+

I laughed softly and nodded. Together, our hands disappeared into his underwear until my fingertips brushed against the warm steel that was him. He pushed his hips into my hand.+

"Don't be scared," he cooed, kissing my neck. "He likes it when you touch him."25

I giggled and turned my head to meet his mischievous eyes, widening my own so that I looked shocked. "B-but it's so big. I don't know what to do with it."12

He smirked, "Why don't you put it in your mouth?"3

"My mouth? I don't know... that seems really naughty," I whispered, faking my scandalized tone.2

"How about you kiss it? Just the tip?"6

We both laughed at that. I then adopted a look of naive determination on my face and nodded. +

"But just the tip. No more, okay?"5

"Sure." He grinned.+

He flipped us over so that I was saddling him, and quickly pulled off his shirt. I smiled, loving the feeling of being on top, before shuffling down his legs so that my face aligned with his crotch. I pretended to be nervous and fumbled as I pulled his pants down his hips, along with his underwear.+

The surprised gasp that left my lips was real as his dick popped out of his underpants to slap my cheek, bouncing back and probing my lips. I pulled back to look at the angry cock bobbing in front of my face. It was big and veiny, and the prettiest one I'd ever seen.4

Tristan Beckett had a pretty penis.55

I giggled at the thought and his head lifted from the pillow to look at me.+

"Are you laughing at my dick right now?" 12

I giggled again and shook my head. "I'm not, I promise."+

"Better not be. He's sensitive, you know. You could hurt his feelings."9

I rolled my eyes before leaning forward to press my lips to the swollen tip, but the head slipped by my lips and I missed. I reached up to wrap my hand around the throbbing base to hold it still. When I squeezed gently, he jerked, the muscles in his stomach clenching and bunching. Beneath me, I could feel his thighs tensing as he held himself back from thrusting into my hand.+

Giving him a small, teasing smile, I stuck out my tongue and gave him a slow, sensual lick from the crown to the tip. There formed a clear drop of liquid from his slit, and I couldn't resist lapping the salty bead. He hissed, cock throbbing in my hold.4

And then I sat back and let go.4

"Why'd you stop?" His voice was hoarse — desperate.+

Hiding my smirk, I adopted an expression of innocence, blinking down at him.+

"But I kissed it? You said I just had to kiss the tip."+

He groaned, laughing to himself huskily. "But, babe, that wasn't a kiss. You need to do it again. Properly this time."1

"Okay," I nodded.+

This time when I grabbed his dick, I pressed a firm kiss against the tip and then sucked. Hard. His hips lifted off the bed and forced my lips apart to take him into my mouth. I didn't mind, swirling my tongue around the swollen head and sucking again.9


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

"Juliet, my ravishing cherub, let us flee to Vegas, where neon lights shall witness our wedding in a chapel bedecked with playing cards, and accompanied by Elvis impersonators serenading our whimsical desires!"5

I giggled as Alex finished reciting lines from his senior play, dramatically slicking back his hair and flexing. I didn't know he had it in him, but apparently, Alex McGraw was quite the actor. So was his twin, who'd come out of his shell to complete this entertaining performance as Juliet.4

"Romeo, my dashing mirthmaker, while Vegas does beckon with its glittering charm, let's not discount the odds of thee accidentally marrying another's bride in a case of mistaken chapels! Thy heart, so easily swayed by whimsy, might lead thee down the aisle with the wrong Juliet or perhaps someone named Sheila or Veronica."4

Bailey snorted from beside me, leaning back into the massive defenseman she'd perched her generous butt on when we couldn't find any more chairs. You could tell he didn't mind by the grin on his face and the hand on her ass. As it was, I was currently sitting on Tristan's lap, his arm curled around my waist as we all enjoyed the show in front of us.6

"Juliet, my one and only enchantress! Outrageous slander spills from thy lips like poisoned wine! As for Veronica and Sheila, I have drunk from them, and their bosoms pale in comparison to the celestial round wonders that adorn thy captivating form!"5

Juliet, a.k.a. Owen gasped dramatically, feigning shock and clutching his chest. This playful charade had begun when Alex inadvertently revealed that both he and his twin had dabbled in theater during high school. Following a string of teasing and jokes at their expense, someone dared the twins to reenact one of their plays. They'd chosen a parody of Romeo and Juliet.1

We sat there and watched the rest of the impromptu play, which ended with Romeo catching sight of a redhead with even bigger honkers than Juliet and leaving the girl (cough) Owen at the altar. We all erupted into applause, cheering on the brothers as they took their dramatic bows.1

"Wah a byt?" Tristan asked with a mouth full of hotdog, raising a brow at me and lifting the bun to my lips.3

"No chicken breasts and egg whites today?" I teased, leaning in to take a bite.+

He swallowed and grinned. "I'm in for a weekend of crap food, shitty alcohol and no sleep."1

I laughed and then gasped as a drop of ketchup escaped the bun, landing on the cleavage of my right boob. I lifted my finger to wipe it away, but Tristan beat me to it, ducking his head and licking me clean. In front of everyone. I ignored Bailey, who waggled her eyebrows at me and took another bite, careful not to spill any more of the sauce.27

Once we were all finished eating, someone turned up the music and brought out the proper alcohol. Bailey even brought out a bottle of good tequila, waving it at me with a wicked grin. But there was no way I was getting drunk on tequila — I would still like to function the next day.4

Tristan was pulled away by some of his buddies to go make their rounds through the festival, meeting and interacting with everyone who came to see them. I tried not to think about all the girls he'd be talking to, instead, focusing my attention on Bailey and the music. She dragged me over to where a large group of people was dancing to the lively beat.+

She pulled me close, the two of us sharing sips out of the tequila bottle as we danced. I only took small sips, grimacing at the strong burn, but it quickly worked to loosen me up. And then dancing became fun as groups of people joined us and we all moved with the music. I was happy to dance with Bailey and follow along with her killer moves, laughing when she'd try to twirl me. 1

Soon enough, I was hot and sweaty, the strands of hair around my face curling from the humidity and my sweat, and I was panting from dancing for so long. The only time I danced was when Bailey made me, but it was easy to be silly with Bailey. +

"I need a break!" I yelled into her ear.+

She nodded and then flashed a grin as her big defenseman friend swooped in to dance with her. She always did like them big.7

If I remember correctly, his name was Einsman — Jared Einsman. He was handsome in a rugged, lumberjack way, with a full beard and dark hair that curled around his ears and nape. He was also built like a mountain — one that Bailey was definitely climbing tonight.+

I pushed through the crowds of dancers, a little tipsy from the tequila, and towards our chairs. I kept a bottle of water in my bag, so I quickly retrieved it and drained the bottle. It would help keep me sober and hangover-free tomorrow.3

I heard chanting up ahead, echoes of "#13!" carrying through the air. Figuring that's where Tristan was and curious about whatever mischief he was involved in, I followed the noise. 10

I arrived to see two of his teammates holding him upside down, dunking his head into a big bucket of water. Worried, I hurried over just as he emerged from the water, an apple in his mouth. The crowd exploded, cheering as the guys put him down, and he took a bite of the apple. And then he tossed it into the crowd, and several people jumped to catch it, shoving each other out of the way. A little weird, but okay.3

Suddenly, he shook his hair, and those of us close by yelled as we were sprayed with icy cold droplets. I gasped and raised my hands to wipe my face. As I did that, an arm hooked around my waist and drew me into a very wet, very solid chest, making me squeak and clutch his wet shirt. Before I could complain about the cold water, his lips covered mine in a playful smooch. As everyone cheered, Tristan dipped me back, deepening the kiss. I wrapped my arms around his neck so that I didn't fall flat on my back, though I knew he'd never drop me.8

And then he straightened us and pulled his head back, breaking the kiss. It took me a couple of seconds to process what had just happened, my mind still stuck on the feel of his soft lips. It was only when I became aware of the front of my dress getting soaked that I opened my mouth to say something, but when I looked up and saw the pure joy on his beautiful face, I couldn't resist burying my hands in his hair and pulling him back down for another kiss.2

My fingers trailed down his strong jaw as I kissed him, tongue dancing with his in an erotic tango. We only pulled back when we could no longer go without air. I blushed when I became aware of the people watching us, whistling and shouting out crude suggestions. I couldn't believe I'd just done that in front of so many people.+

"Is this what you've been doing for the past two hours?" I arched a brow.+

"You missed the sing-off I had with Ryan and Alex. I won, of course. Can't go wrong with a Taylor Swift song — it gets the crowd on your side."52


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                            10

"Rise and shine, Captain! Your sheeple need you to lead them!" Alex slapped the sides of our tent, yelling at the top of his lungs.7

My head jerked up at the rude awakening, immediately alert and scanning the tent for any potential threat before I recognized the familiar surroundings and the person's voice. Groaning, my head dropped back down onto the pillow, and I reached a hand up to rub my face of the sleep still plaguing me. Only the arm wouldn't budge as it was currently curled under Hannah's naked form, holding her close to me. Peering down at her peaceful face, I couldn't help but notice the small details that always made me ache for her.1

Her cheek was nestled against my chest, her pink lips slightly parted, a small trail of drool dripping from the corner of her mouth and onto my pec. Strands of her blonde hair, a tangled mess, cascaded over both of us, and I knew she'd be pissed off once she saw the state of it. A grin tugged at my lips as I looked forward to her angry mutterings while she tried to tame it.17

Smirking softly, I wiped the drool away with my other hand and brushed some of the hair out of her face, my thumb tracing the curve of her full lips. My first instinct was to lean down and kiss her awake, but I held back, my eyes trailing down her sleeping face.2

The things this woman made me feel...5

Fuck.2

Why couldn't we have met later on in life? Maybe five years down the road, when I would have had my life figured out, or even two years from now, when I could be prepared to give her everything she deserved. When I could treat her like I was gonna marry her. Things would be so much easier than this fucked up situation.12

Maybe one day when I was finally ready, I'd search for her again. I'd make every effort to reach out to her, to try and reconcile, and hopefully, she'd let me back into her life. Maybe we'd pick up where we left off and things would go back to how they were... but what if she'd moved on with someone she actually loved?15

The thought made me uneasy and I dropped my hand from her face. Looking back up at the tent's ceiling, I let out a long, heavy sigh.+

This whole thing between us had blown way out of proportion, our connection growing far beyond what I'd initially anticipated. And I'd let it get like this because it had been so fucking easy. It felt nearly impossible to keep her at arm's length when she'd look at me with those piercing blue eyes, brimming with a trust that took fucking ages to build. Just the thought of causing her any kind of pain turned my stomach.1

But I also knew that our current relationship wasn't sustainable. Already, we were both way too emotionally invested in each other, having ignored the rules and warnings. I'd made it clear that we wouldn't have much time together, yet somehow, I ended up devoting every spare second to her. No matter how exhausted I was by day's end, I still put in the effort to go to her, to be with her — even if it meant all we did was go to sleep with my arms wrapped around her. I knew it was because she made me happy and because being close to her felt like an unspoken necessity. She had changed me in a lot of ways; opened my eyes to the fun parts of having a person — your person. To laugh with and have long, weird debates about the best kind of grapes. To tease her in one minute, and fuck her in the next. Falling asleep with her in my arms and waking up to her had become an integral part of my routine.11

It was so fucking easy to do all of that with Hannah.+

A pang of guilt hit me as I wondered if I was leading her on. By allowing us to get this close, I was only going to hurt her more when we had to break things off. And then I'd be no better than her fucknut ex. Would she even want to ever talk to me again? I didn't want to become the person who made her miserable, like her previous relationship.11

There was a part of me that screamed at me not to let her go, or I was gonna regret it for the rest of my life. Even now, I was debating whether we'd be able to withstand the stress, the distance, the limited conversation, and the intrusive media.+

But I couldn't bring myself to take that jump. Football had been my whole life, and to risk it all for a girl went against everything I believed in. My father would be fucking livid if I let myself mess up my future over a girl. So would I. And if things went downhill, would I end up blaming her, maybe even resenting her a little bit? 4

I ran a hand through my hair, closing my eyes as I winced at all the thoughts crowding my head. What the fuck was I supposed to do now?+

Suddenly I heard yelling from somewhere outside the tent and I turned in the direction of the noise. Along with the yelling, I could hear Alex's deranged laughter and concluded he was the reason behind the screaming. Was I going to have to step outside to put a stop to that idiot's shenanigans? Was this what it felt like to be a dad?4

"Who's screaming like that?" Hannah mumbled, eyes fluttering open as she peeled her cheek off my right pec to look around.+

"Alex's newest victim," I smiled down at her bleary expression, ducking to press a quick kiss to her enticing lips.+

She blinked as she fully came awake before giving me a sweet smile and leaning forward to continue the kiss, nibbling on my bottom lip. One of my hands tangled itself in her hair and I drew her even closer, my tongue slipping into her mouth to slowly stroke and tease her. She moaned softly, her nails digging into my skin.6

The entrance of the tent suddenly started unzipping, and I pulled back to quickly reach down and pull the covers over Hannah's bare back, ensuring whatever asshole was disturbing us wouldn't catch an eye full of her nakedness. Hannah looked back at the intruder with a frown, lips wet from our kiss.1

Alex stuck his head in and grinned when he found us glaring at him. "Mornin', Captain and Miss ma'am. Just making sure you two aren't getting any ideas about being late. The sun is shining, my cock's crowing, and we've got a whole day of fun to get to. We've got a schedule to follow, ya know."22

"Get out, McGraw," I growled, picking up my discarded shirt and throwing it at him.+

He caught it and grinned. "Thanks. I needed a new shirt. One of my girls tore mine last night."13

I cocked my head. "One of your girls?"5

"You only brought one shirt?" Hannah piped in.+

He grinned at both of us. "I needed the extra space in my bag for all my condoms. I ain't making any crotch goblins this weekend." He blew a kiss at us and retreated, closing the zip behind him.7

"Crotch goblins?" She whispered, confused. "Is he talking about STDS?"4

"I think he means kids."5

"Huh... that's a new one." She sighed and dropped her head back onto my chest, wrapping her arms around my torso. "We should probably get up, but I don't want to. Who thought mornings were a good idea?" She grumbled into my skin.2

Chuckling, I cupped her ass and pulled her closer. "You're right. Whoever invented mornings had to be off his rockers."+

"Now you're just making fun of me."+


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

"Wooo! Go Jared! Move that sexy ass!" Bailey screamed through cupped hands, jumping up and down like an excited little girl as she cheered on her defenceman.7

I shook my head, chuckling at Bailey's over-the-top excitement. I preferred to keep a more composed demeanor, smiling, clapping, and occasionally joining in with the crowd's cheers, while Bailey, Jenny, and our other roommate, Tanya, were making a huge ruckus, drawing everyone's attention our way. I would've been a tad more embarrassed by the attention if it weren't for the fact that everyone else was just as crazy about our football team, man or woman.1

On the makeshift football field, Tristan led his team against the opposing team made up of volunteer festival goers. Some of them were athletes from our college's various sports teams, while others were just regular students who knew their way around a football. Surprisingly, a few of them actually had some genuine skill, which sometimes put pressure on our football team to step up their game.+

Everyone was having a lot of fun, especially Tristan. He wore an ear-to-ear grin, his good mood palpable as he and his team bantered, teased, and joked with the opposing teams. They engaged in playful antics, almost treating their opponents like a bunch of inexperienced rookies, executing feigned plays and expertly dodging tackles. But it wasn't meant to be mean-spirited - their sabotages were more directed at each other, like when Alex threw a mud ball directly at his brother's face. Or when Ryan gave Tai a massive wedgie in front of everyone, almost lifting the poor guy off the ground.+

Right at this instant, the crowd erupted into a frenzy when Tristan jumped clean over a shorter guy, playfully tapping him on the head before smoothly landing with the ball in his possession and taking off for the end zone. In a matter of seconds, he was across the field, having gracefully dodged a few opponents on the way. Even I laughed and cheered when he threw the ball into the air and did a pretty good rendition of the running man to celebrate his touchdown. It was freaking adorable.13

The games had been shortened to twenty minutes each to ensure everyone who wanted a turn had a chance to play. Still, to attest to our football team's skill and stamina, they won every match, some of them by a landslide. So far, there had only been one close call. +

As the match concluded with yet another win for our team, Tristan jogged over in my direction. Anticipating his arrival, I quickly pulled my bag off my shoulder and reached inside to retrieve the bottle of water I'd gotten him. By the time he slowed to a stop in front of me, I was holding the bottle toward him. Bailey was already in Jared's arms, peppering his face with kisses and whispering not-so-sweet nothings in his ear.+

"Here. I thought you might need this after all the running," I said, feeling a little awkward as I held it out to him. I wanted to kiss him, but we had a whole bunch of eyes on us, scrutinizing our every move.3

His gaze dropped to the blue bottle, and that playful look in his eyes briefly morphed into something else. There was a flicker, a subtle change, before he returned to his familiar playful demeanor, plastering on his signature smirk. It happened so fast that I almost believed I'd imagined it.5

"Thanks, babe. I'm always thirsty when it comes to you." He winked, taking the bottle from me and drinking half of the contents in two seconds flat.2

And then he poured the rest of the water over his head — wetting his hair, face, and the top half of his shirt. The thin material clung to his muscled shoulders and chest like a second skin, plastering itself to his sexy nipples. And when he lifted the dry parts of his shirt to wipe his face, he exposed all of those rippling muscles and washboard abs to my gaze — suddenly, I was the thirsty one, my throat dry as I stared at his torso like a deer in headlights.3

Would anyone judge me if I licked off all the water droplets, right here and right now, in front of all these people?11

"You look like a drowned rat," I said, clearing my throat as I tried to pull myself together and get my raging hormones under control. But I couldn't resist reaching up to flick one of the cute little nipples poking through his shirt. 2

"A sexy drowned rat," he grinned, flexing his chest muscles. "And if I had the time, I'd show you what this sexy rat can do, but the next match starts in five minutes - so your rat has got to get back to his team soon."4

I snorted as I laughed at his absurdity. "Okay, Ratatouille. Make us proud."1

"Uh, Hannah, the rat's name is Remy. Do we have to watch Ratatouille to educate you properly?" 8

I raised a single brow at him. "Would we actually watch the movie?"4

"Probably not - I bet I'd have your pants off before the opening scene even started. But that's not the point - it's the principle of the matter," he shrugged, "Who knows? Maybe you'll catch a bit of the movie if you ride me reverse cowgirl. Now that sounds like a plan." He nodded, proud of himself for coming up with it.7

Rolling my eyes, I said, "Just run along already. We are not arguing over some fictional rat right now."+

"Babe, we ain't arguing. We're busy setting up a future date night," he chuckled, leaning in for a kiss, but froze in mid-motion as we both realized what he'd just said.38

Inches apart, I stared up at him with wide eyes, tense as I waited to see what his reaction to that little slip-up was - if he meant it in a joking way or not. Because having a date night sounded like we were in a relationship, and having a future date night implied that we had a future.+

Panic and confusion intertwined with a spark of overwhelming desire inside me. My heart pounded in my chest, torn between the surge of happiness at the thought of a future together and the lingering wariness that I just couldn't let go of. I mean, I'd only just recently realized that I might, kind of, maybe be open to a new relationship, and he was the reason why.4

Tristan had become an unexpected beacon of light for me, illuminating all of those wants and desires I'd long since buried in the wake of Dylan's destruction to my mental and physical well-being. He was the one who'd helped me realize that I no longer wanted to give Dylan any control over me, even subconsciously. My ex's manipulation and many betrayals had resulted in my extremely defensive reactions - isolating myself and putting up the kinds of walls no one could ever get over.+

But Tristan had. Through his perseverance, his charm, and his genuine goodness - he'd become a bridge to a place I'd isolated myself from for too long. Being with him, touching him, and laughing with him made me realize that I was tired of being alone and mistrusting. I wanted to move on and be happy - and hanging onto the past wasn't going to get me anywhere.+

I knew I still had a lot to work on, but things felt so much easier now. I felt lighter, happier, and more comfortable with myself. That's why when we inevitably split up, I wouldn't react the same way I had with Dylan. Because as much as it would hurt, I'd try to look back on my time with Tristan with gratitude and fondness - for all the things he'd shown me, for forcing me out of my shell when I was too scared to leave it, for teaching me how to trust people (especially men) again, and for always making me laugh.2


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

"Hannah! Hi!" Skylar exclaimed, releasing me from her surprisingly strong grip. "I feel like we haven't seen each other in ages, even though we go to class together. It's so good to see you," she gushed, flashing me a broad red-lipped grin.22

I blinked, trying to process the sudden, unexpected interaction. "Sky... hey. It's, um, nice to see you too." I looked at her like a fish out of water. "H-how have you been?"+

Bailey arched a brow at me, obviously curious about who Skylar was and waiting for some context or an introduction. I'd told her bits and pieces about Sky over the phone, but I'd never thought it necessary to reveal her name - so it would be hard letting Bailey know that this was the pretty blonde who had a massive crush on Tristan. And that this was the woman who suited him so much more than I did. 2

She was literally the perfect athlete's girlfriend - an athlete herself, she looked like a Viking goddess, was outgoing, and very familiar with public attention and scrutiny. If she and Tristan ever got together, they'd undoubtedly be a power couple. 1

It was easy to picture her as one of those social media wives who nailed meal prep, worked out daily, and appeared to have everything under control. It wasn't that I despised those women - it's just that I'd never be one of them.+

"I'm doing amazing! I just got here, but I'm so excited to join in on the festivities. I see everyone has already gotten in full swing of things," she remarked, looking around with a mix of excitement and wonder.+

She wore an iridescent crop top revealing her toned abs, a cute tulle mini-skirt adorned with pearls and crystals, and knee-high boots that accentuated her model-long legs. She looked gorgeous. Meanwhile, I felt like a blobfish beside her, wearing basic jean shorts and a plain white shirt tucked in. And let's not forget the faded minion's eye on my forehead while she seemed to be glowing in glitter, jewels, and a full face of makeup.7

"Oh, yeah. It's been fun..." I trailed off because it felt like my throat was closing in on itself.+

I hadn't felt this self-conscious and out of place since Dylan. I hated the thoughts currently racing through my head, comparing every aspect of myself to her. And worst of all, I was developing this stupid, irrational hatred toward her. For no reason at all.+

I missed not caring. 2

Seeing the turmoil on my face, Bailey stepped forward, baring a wide, confident smile. "Hi, I'm Hannah's best friend - Bailey. I love your boots! I can already tell I'll be browsing online for them as soon as I can." +

Sky laughed, lifting her leg to give Bailey a better look. "Because I'm a girl's girl, I'll tell you exactly where I got them."2

See? She was just so fucking nice.12

The two launched into a conversation about online shopping, affording me a moment to step back and collect my thoughts. I was glad that Bailey took the initiative because I felt wholly unable to deal with Sky right now. Not only was her sudden appearance a shock to my system, but my mind was still replaying the events that had just happened with Tristan. And now the girl who always triggered my jealousy was here? +

With Amanda, I knew he'd never touch her, not when he could see her for what she was. But Skylar? I knew he genuinely liked her as a person. During our project, they had developed some sort of friendship. I also think there might have been some interest on his part when they first met. From both of them, actually. He was a natural flirt, and she'd been a willing partner.5

My insecurities were not prepared to deal with her.4

Deciding now was the perfect time to take a much-needed break, I slipped away quietly, pushing through the throngs of people until I found a quiet and somewhat secluded spot between two food stands.4

Taking a moment to gather myself, I focused on calming my racing thoughts. I tried to push away all the negative thoughts and emotions because dwelling on those always made me so angry. I sighed, dropping my chin and closing my eyes. When did my life get so complicated?+

Seeking a distraction, I pulled out my phone, remembering I hadn't messaged my mom yet. No doubt, she'd left a barrage of messages, each increasingly frantic and riddled with spelling mistakes as she worked herself into a panic. True to my predictions, I found twenty-six messages demanding to know if I was safe, if she needed to come get me, if I was hurt, if she needed to phone the cops, etc. 4

It took everything in me not to snap at her - but we'd been there before and that had accomplished nothing. So I sent her a long and detailed message reassuring and answering all of her concerns. Knowing my luck, I'd still need to phone her before she actually calmed down.+

As I checked my phone, an Instagram notification revealed a new message. A sense of déjà vu washed over me as I opened it. Like the other one, this account was clearly a throwaway - no pictures, no bio, no followers, and no profile picture. I hesitated before answering, wary of my current mental state.2

?: Is it just me or does it seem like he's already bored with you? How long till he leaves you for a prettier, nicer girl? Karma's coming for you.43

I stared at the message in shock, trying to process what I was seeing.+

Considering the familiarity behind the tone of the message, I had to assume this was the same person as before. Unease prickled at me, and I glanced around, searching for anyone who might trigger my suspicions, but no one seemed particularly interested in me; they were mostly heading towards the game or the bathrooms.+

Fine - I thought, teeth clenched hard as I looked back down at my screen - I'd take the bait and play dumb, but only until I had more information. It seemed pointless asking who they were and expecting a truthful answer, so I tried something else.+

H: Who are you talking about? And why are you messaging me?1

To my surprise, they started typing back almost immediately. Had they been waiting for me to hopefully answer?+

?: Don't play dumb, Hannah. We both know who I'm talking about. +

?: I bet you feel so proud of yourself for landing someone like him. Maybe you're thinking that you can keep him, but you can't. You're the wrong girl for him.17

Tristan. There was no one else they could be referring to. I briefly wondered whether I should be worried about whoever this was. Or was this just a crazy fangirl, jealous of the fact that I was the one in his bed? That was the most probable answer. Girls could get ruthless when they wanted something. Or someone.+

H: He's not something you can own. He's the one who chooses who he dates or doesn't date.+

H: Why are you doing this? Do you seriously have nothing better to do than obsess over us? Just a little head's up - this is really weird and desperate.4


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

T: Hey, where did you disappear to?1

T: Hannah?+

I frowned at the lack of responses from her. It had been several hours since I'd last seen her and... I missed her. No — I was worried about her. Worried whether she was okay or not. Was she hurt? What if something had happened to her? Bailey, her best friend, was also nowhere to be found, leading me to believe they were together. A frustrated sigh escaped me as I stowed away my phone, scanning the area one final time, but my search ended in vain.5

As I'd spent the day with my team and fans, joining in various physical activities, I'd often found my eyes wondering — searching for familiar dark blonde hair in the crowds. But she was noticeably absent and I couldn't find her anywhere. She'd been MIA since this morning, after my little slip-up and then that crazy roommate of hers jumping me. +

"You okay, Beckett?" Tate's voice rang out beside me.+

I turned to him, lifting an eyebrow. "Yeah? Why?"+

"You seem a little distracted." His eyes tracked my every move, seeing a lot more than he let on. "Is it Hoodie Girl? I haven't seen her since this morning. Everything cool between you two?"2

"I think so," I frowned, thinking more on it.+

Was it? I thought so, but what the fuck did I know? Sometimes it was really hard to tell what was going on inside that pretty little head of hers. While she wasn't shy about giving her opinion, I sometimes got the feeling she was holding back. +

Maybe I'd made a mistake in assuming she'd eventually share her thoughts at her own pace. I didn't want to pressure her into discussing things she found difficult. Hell, I understood that myself, so I had let us skirt around any serious topics. I'd thought we were having fun.1

Fuck. What if she was pissed because I mentioned a "future date night," as if we were already in a committed relationship? It had been a thoughtless slip on my part, something that came out without much thought because it felt so natural with Hannah. Looking back on it, back to that flash of panic on her face... maybe my words struck a nerve more deeply than I realized? +

Running my hand through my hair, I gripped the damp strands tightly, battling against the guilt that clawed at my chest.1

It wasn't like I wanted to hurt her on purpose. The hardest part was being unable to reassure her or stand by those casual words — knowing that might give her false hopes or expectations. Which was why I was confused. Her reaction had eased my concerns, and I left her, assuming we were back on the same page. Was I wrong?+

Or maybe she was pissed because of her crazy roommate? But she couldn't be angry with me for that, right? I'd pushed the clinging woman away almost as soon as she'd kissed me, having to temper my reaction due to those around me. I'd had to hide that initial disgust and anger surging within me when she touched me, instead maintaining a tense smile while gently but firmly separating myself from her, with Tate and Tai stepping in to assist.6

I hated the frequent physical contact — particularly from hands-on people — who approached me without warning or permission; like it was their right to touch me. However, given my position, avoiding such interactions or objecting was out of the question. As Captain, my team depended on me to lead us to the Championships — no room for controversies or distractions to take away from my game. 1

I was used to keeping quiet — I'd had to do it once before. When it had felt like my body wasn't my own, but belonged to everyone else around me.7

Back then, I'd let them touch all they wanted, forcing myself to relax under their invasions while plastering on that practiced smile — even as I internally wished to rip their hands off. Over time, you become desensitized to it, used to it — almost seeking out that false sense of normalcy, until eventually you needed it. You convinced yourself that what happened was in the past and wouldn't ever happen again — that you were fine. That there was no need to let it affect you anymore.5

In some ways, Hannah had helped me. Maybe because I'd promised her exclusivity or maybe because she was the only person I actually wanted to touch, I was a lot better with boundaries these days. I could tell it bothered Hannah that I had an army of women constantly throwing themselves at me — so I tried to make it easier for her by avoiding all of their advances. And while I kept my game face on, and remained friendly and joking with everyone — I never returned any of their advances. 3

Amidst the crowd's chaos, the brunette had caught me by surprise — I hadn't noticed her until she was suddenly clinging to me, her arms wrapped around and squeezing my neck, forcefully pressing her glossy lips against mine. In the split second it had taken me to react, I'd felt her tongue touch me. And all I'd been able to feel was revulsion, and an intense desire to shove her away.2

I became aware of Tate's gaze fixed on me and cleared my throat, taking a moment to pull myself back to the present. +

"I have no idea what the fuck is going on, but hey," I grinned, "When do I ever?"+

He chuckled, shaking his head at me. "There's something loose in that big head of yours."+

"Well, I am a football playe—"  I was interrupted by the ringing of my phone.+

Thinking it was Hannah, I quickly retrieved it from my back pocket and glanced at the screen. Seeing the name on display, I frowned.+

"Who is it? Hoodie Girl?" Tate asked.+

"No," I drawled, "It's my dad."2

He was never the one who phoned me — it was always my ma. She'd update me on their and my sibling's lives, and then she'd put him on the phone so that he could grunt out a couple of lame attempts at questions. I'd use those painful minutes to jerk his chain as much as possible — sometimes drawing a reluctant chuckle from him. It usually ended with my mom taking back the phone and saying that I was going to give him a heart attack one day. My point is — he never called me.+

"Give me a second, yeah?" I said to Tate before walking a few paces away to a quieter spot. A couple of people waved, but seeing the ringing phone in my hand, they didn't stop me.+

"Dad? Is Ma okay?" I asked immediately, bringing the phone to my ear.1

"Your mother is fine. I'm not calling because someone is hurt," he answered, a hint of southern twang in his deep voice.+

"Ah, that's good. Did I miss Father's Day and this is you calling me to ream my ass out? At least tell me Caleb and Megs got the same treatment." I laughed, realizing I was probably the only one among my siblings prone to forgetting those sorts of details+

Megan would be the first one to send a message, and Caleb's PA would remind him. I still needed my mother to remind me.1

He let out an annoyed growl, further increasing my grin. "I'm calling 'cause your ma mentioned that football festival thing happening right now. You're there, ain't you?"2


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

Who?+

Bryson? I'd slept with some guy named Bryson?+

What the fuck was she saying?1

"Amanda, I don't think this is a good idea. Let's go back, please," Penelope pleaded, attempting to pull Amanda away from me.1

She'd obviously run back to her boss like a good little minion to relay my message. Though, I had to admit, I hadn't been expecting Amanda to show up herself. For as long as we'd hated each other, there had never been an outright fight. Jenny, usually the peacemaker, always intervened before things could escalate.+

Confused, I blinked at her. "I literally have no idea what you're saying right now. Who's Bryson?"+

"My ex-boyfriend, Bryson!" She screeched, stepping closer to me.+

"No fucking shit," I growled, leaning heavily on the sarcasm. "I have no clue who Bryson is — whether you dated him or not. And I certainly didn't have sex with him."1

Had she seriously been treating me like shit all because of this? This was it? This was the fucking reason? Because she thought I'd slept with this random guy? You had to be kidding me.+

"Yes, you did! He told me everything, so you can stop playing dumb," she exclaimed, her voice rising in frustration and drawing the attention of those nearby.2

Crossing my arms, I just stared at her. I genuinely didn't know how to reply to anything she was saying; I was just confused and annoyed. Looking to my best friend for guidance, I found her sipping on her coffee, observing us with an amused twinkle in her eye. The subtle curve of her mouth signaled that I was on my own— she wanted to see how this all played out. I shot her an unimpressed scowl. The poor barista just watched all of this go down with wide, enraptured eyes. Even a couple of people close by had started to take notice of the tension between Amanda and me, trying to watch us nondiscreetly.+

I sighed, resigning myself to this ridiculous situation. "Can you at least tell me who this guy is before you accuse me of sleeping with him?"2

She only seemed to get more mad at my words, her pretty face flushing bright red, but thankfully, she provided me with some much-needed details. "Bryson Pendergast — he was a senior who played on the football team last year. I introduced you two the day you moved in."+

No wonder I was struggling to remember him. Those days had all blurred together as I tried to pull myself out of that deep, dark hole. Every day had been an internal battle as I'd forced myself to go to class, to eat, to do anything but wallow in darkness. If you'd asked me anything about that time, all I could tell you was what it felt like to be drowning out of water.+

"Okay... what did he look like? Did he have any defining features?" I raised a brow, unimpressed.+

Bailey suppressed a snicker, disguising it with another sip of her coffee. Penelope, on the other hand, was standing frozen by Amanda's side, looking increasingly pale, her complexion draining with every passing second.16

Amanda glared at me. "Do you think this is a joke?"+

"No," I narrowed my eyes at her, "Can't you see that I'm trying to figure out what the hell you're talking about?"+

"Fine," she spat out, "Let's play dumb for a moment. Bryson Pendergast was last year's Tight End on the Knights. Curly blonde hair, called everyone 'Mate.' Popular, well-liked. And he was mine."+

I shook my head, still lost. "Sorry, I'm going to need more than that."+

She let out a frustrated growl. "He clogged our toilet last year by taking a giant poop in it. Remember? It flooded the downstairs bathroom."17

Recognition slowly dawned, and a vague image of a once-forgotten man began to form in my mind's eye. Only one man had taken a shit large enough to destroy our toilet. Literally. Bryson's protein-heavy, fiber-filled creation had been like trying to flush a jumbo-sized burrito down a drinking straw. It was so bad that he flooded our bathroom and we had to hire a cleaning company to get that stench out. Yeah, I think I remembered him. But all I could remember was what he did, not what he looked like.+

"And you think I had sex with him?" I looked at her like she was insane.+

"You're not about to convince me that what I saw wasn't real," she snarled, closing the distance until our faces were mere inches apart, pure malice radiating from her gaze. "I saw you kiss him in his car at Moxies. I saw the two of you drive off together that night. I saw you... so stop lying."5

Now I was seriously confused. From the conviction in her voice, I almost believed that I was the one lying — that I had really been kissing some guy named Bryson in his car and I'd somehow just forgotten. But none of it was true, all of this was news to me.+

"You saw... me? Are you sure?" I asked, tilting my head, maintaining my calm as she grew so furious it seemed like the vein in her forehead was about to burst.+

"I'd recognize your blonde hair from anywhere. And he confessed when I confronted him about it the next day." Her eyes blazed with fury, and her voice dripped with accusation.1

"He confessed that he had sex with... me?" I frowned, wondering why he'd said such a thing. 1

As far as I could remember, I might have spoken to him twice and that was to be polite when we were introduced.+

"Yes," she hissed, "'Your roommate—The blonde bitch'. Fits you to a T, doesn't it?"9

I just stared at her for a couple of long seconds, and then my gaze slid from hers to Penelope. She looked back at me with sheer panic, her face drained of color and her eyes were riddled with anxiety.20

Mystery solved, I guess. But it seemed like Amanda was just too dumb to figure it out. I certainly wasn't going to enlighten her.+

"Then you need to get your eyes checked," I simply stated, turning around and promptly dismissing her. +

Bailey's eyes held a knowing, amused glint, indicating she had also figured out what really happened. Like me, she chose to stay silent, only giving me a sweet, conspiratorial smile.+

"We should head back now. I've had enough of all this," I remarked to Bailey, grabbing my orange juice and finishing it off. But before I could set it down, Amanda grabbed me, yanking my whole body around, causing the glass to slip from my grip and shatter between us.But neither of us acknowledged it, our attention fixed on each other with unwavering glares. Penelope had a look of pure panic on her face as things between Amanda and I escalated. Bailey calmly placed her drink down and rose to stand behind me, offering me silent support if I needed it.1


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

Tristan was nowhere to be found when we got to the bonfire area, but we did find Jenny and her friends sitting with Matthew and a few others, all enjoying cold beers and some festival food. Jenny was the first to invite us to join them. I thought about saying no and going in search of Tristan, but I didn't want to disturb him if he was busy with his duties. I told myself I'd see him that night, so Bailey and I found ourselves sitting with the group, joining in on their conversations. Well, mostly Bailey.+

But try as I might, my mind kept wondering. I had a lot to think about — this whole thing with Amanda being the latest thing. One question kept plaguing me — why hadn't she confronted me about this before? After an entire year?3

She wasn't the type to sit back and keep quiet. I guess there had been those rumors she and Penelope had spread, but surely she would have said something? Perhaps Penelope had found a way to keep her quiet, fearing that a confrontation between us would reveal her betrayal, which had kind of happened. However, Amanda might still be too pig-headed to realize what Bailey had implied when she'd reprimanded her.2

"And you, Hannah?"+

I was jerked from my thoughts by Jenny's question. Both my brows raised as I turned to face her. "I'm sorry, I missed that. Could you repeat the question, please?"1

Today she was dressed in a loose peach-colored shirt with the words 'living my best life' on the front and some white yoga pants. Her red hair was pulled into two french braids and she wore very little makeup. She looked young and fresh.+

"I was asking everyone what their plans for the holidays were. There's only a month left till Thanksgiving." She smiled, her expression telling me she was genuinely curious about my answer.+

"Oh, uh, I'll probably just split my time between my parents — they're divorced. And you?" I replied, returning her smile.+

Actually, I wasn't sure if I'd be visiting my dad this year. He had a new girlfriend, and I hadn't met her yet. That probably meant dodging all of my mother's attempts at matchmaking with men from her church. To my mother, only devout, church-going men were suitable for marriage. Not that I had marriage on my mind, but that's not how my mother's mind worked. I got a headache every time I thought about it +

Though, I wondered what she'd think of Tristan. I'd chosen not to tell her anything about him because I hadn't wanted to deal with any of her invasive questions, back-handed comments or her fake panic attacks over my dating choices. Why would I when I knew we'd be over soon?2

Jenny gave Matthew a big goofy grin, "Matthew has invited me to spend Thanksgiving with him and his family. My parents are doctors, so they'll be at work on the day. It works out perfectly. His sister and I have already been messaging every day, and I adore her."6

She looked so content and happy as she gazed up at him, practically glowing with it. I saw her physically melt when he returned her gaze with a small smile of his own. A sharp pain pierced my heart, leaving me almost breathless. Despite the ache, I managed to force a happy smile, though inside, I was consumed with raw, painful envy. Because I'd never have that.2

"I'm happy for you guys,"  I said, meaning every word. Jenny deserved immense happiness, being the genuinely good person she was I could never wish her any ill will.+

Whereas any happiness I could latch onto seemed to always be temporary, had been that way my whole life. And maybe Amanda was right, maybe I deserved some of the stuff happening to me. A lot of the things she'd said had opened my eyes to how others saw me. I'd known I wasn't the most liked person, but I hadn't realized how bad it was. It... hurt.2

The conversation quickly deviated to other subjects and I decided to go get a bottle of water, just as something to do. I felt drained and a little puffy after letting myself cry like that, and I was just tired. Bailey shot me a questioning look when I stood up, but I just gave her a reassuring smile, letting her know I was fine and that I'd be back.+

As I was retrieving a bottle from where they were stored, Jenny appeared beside me, saying, "Cold beers are nice, but not all the time. Could you get one for me, please?"+

Grabbing, a second bottle, I handed it over to her. As I looked at her, a lump formed in my throat.+

"Jenny? Can I ask you something?" I said, swallowing hard.+

"Of course you can. I'm an open book — just don't ask about the summer of '09. If anyone asks, I wasn't responsible for the series of events that happened back then," she quipped, offering a playful wink.6

Her joke helped ease the tension in my shoulders and I let out an amused breath. "Good to know."+

"So what did you want to ask me?"+

I sobered, leveling her with a serious expression. "What do you really think of me?" +

This question was hard to ask, mostly because I didn't know if I wanted the answer. If Jenny hated me, then I was really beyond reproach.+

She tilted her head, confused. "What do you mean? Like, right now?"+

"No, I mean in general. Do you... hate me? You can be honest — I won't be mad. I just want to know the truth."3

"Hate you? Of course I don't hate you. Did I ever give you that impression?" Her eyes widened with concern, realizing the possibility. "Oh, God! I'm so sorry if I was ever mean or hateful in any way."+

Rushing to amend the misunderstanding, I interjected, "No! You've been nothing but nice and friendly... it's just that... a lot of people do, and I wanted to know if maybe you were one of them. I'd understand if you were — I haven't been the best company." I shrugged, feeling extremely uneasy despite having put myself in this situation.+

She softened, offering me a sympathetic smile. "I don't hate you, Hannah. I never have. I just think you're misunderstood. And I don't think as many people hate you as you might believe."1

"Misunderstood? What do you mean?" I frowned.+

She looked around to make sure no one else could hear, before saying, "When you first moved in the house you were really... sad. I remember always thinking that when I looked at you. And you were really quiet; you liked to keep to yourself. But that's not a bad thing! Just because you aren't bubbly and forthcoming, doesn't mean you're a horrible person and people hate you."3

"But it feels like they do," I admitted.+

"Really? Who hates you?"+

Where did I begin? "Amanda, Penelope, the other girls in our house... uh..." Who else? Maybe some of Tristan's female fans? But did that count? They hated me on principle because they thought I was dating him. There had to be more people — I just couldn't think of them right then.1


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

Hannah's blue eyes grew wide when they landed on me. Was it just me, or did they seem a little red?3

"Tristan?" she murmured, looking caught off guard.+

Any other time, I might have savored this new expression of hers, teased her about it while anticipating her snappy reply — but right now I needed to know what she was talking about. Despite my intention to end things, all I could feel was an internal gut wrench at the thought of Hannah leaving. It felt like I'd really lose her if she left and that made my heart squeeze painfully with fear. I almost objected out of sheer fucking instinct.5

"Answer me, Hannah. What do you mean you might be leaving soon?" And where was she going?1

My question seemed to jolt her, guilt and panic coloring her face. She opened her mouth to respond, but no words came out.+

J... Juniper cleared her throat and announced, "I should probably head back to the others. I think Matthew is calling me." Neither of us turned to watch her leave.24

"It's been so long since we saw each other. I... missed you?" Hannah tried, grimacing at how pathetic her attempt to divert my attention sounded.4

"Stop dodging the question, Hannah." My jaw clenched, annoyed by her evasion tactics.+

She folded her arms, shooting me an irritated glare before eventually relenting with a sigh of defeat. "I'm doing my internship this year, and depending on where I go, I might have to transfer. Which means moving states. There's also a chance I'll finish my last year there," she explained, eyes dropping to the ground. "And my best choice is looking like it's in Washington, DC. Well, I have two other choices I like, but they're still across state lines."4

Fuck. We really had no chance now, huh? I let out a wry huffof amusement, although there was nothing amusing about the situation. Fuck me if this wasn't a sign. 2

Looking back at her, I asked, "How long?"+

"How long?"+

"How long until you leave?" +

She winced. "Still a while. Well — a little while. A couple of days. But not too soon. A week... five days. Next week. Next week Friday... or is it this week Friday? That might be it."3

Five days? Just five days before she had to leave? It hit me like a ton of bricks, nearly knocking me over from the impact. Was she ever going to tell me? Did I even deserve to know? Or was it simply luck that I found out now?+

Which led me to think, if she was leaving before I was, then what if we spent those last days together? And then we'd have no choice but to put a stop to things when she left. It worked out perfectly.4

Well, there was still the thing about her being a distraction. With everything about to get chaotic, would I even be able to carve out time to spend with her?+

But what if I left only if things got too serious between us? We weren't there yet. It wasn't like we loved each other. I couldn't be in love with a girl I'd only known for two months. Those sorts of feelings took time to develop, didn't they? They didn't just appear out of thin air.10

All I knew was that I was nowhere near done with her. She was still the only woman on my mind — the only one I got hard for. I was pretty sure I was obsessed with her and her fucking hot body. I was also determined to learn and taste every inch of it... even if some areas would take a little bit of convincing and multiple orgasms. So I'd use this last week to get my fill of Hannah. I'd make it so that both of us left satisfied, happy, and on good terms. 8

"I actually don't know when I'm leaving. That's just the deadline for my reply. I still have to sign a whole bunch of things and begin the transfer process. I also have to tell my parents..." she shrugged.+

Suppressing the faint sense of relief and the dark satisfaction that flickered at the thought of her potentially staying longer, I knew it wouldn't change the inevitable outcome. We'd still have to part ways before I entered the drafts.+

"Okay," I replied, relaxing my body and nodding.+

She blinked, expecting more. "Okay? That's all you have to say?" +

I could see my words had hurt her deeply, and that realization made me feel like the biggest asshole on the planet. I'm pretty sure the hardest tackle I'd taken hurt me less than the expression on Hannah's face. I liked her anger, not her sadness, but it seemed inevitable at this point.+

"What else is there to say? Nothing's changed," I forced a smile, but the words tasted bitter as I said them. "You don't want a relationship, and I can't have one, so we agreed to keep this temporary, right?"6

She looked away, her expression a mix of hurt and retreat. I despised myself in that moment more than I ever had before. I wanted to kiss her until she forgot all of this, until we were back to normal and I could take her back to the tent because, fuck, I craved her like a madman and I wanted my next fix. I wanted to leave my mark on her so that anyone wanting to learn her would need to know me first.6

She quickly regained composure, offering a strained smile. "Right. That was the agreement. Nothing's changed," she stated, taking a deep breath before glancing back at the group. "Looks like the whole team's back — we should join them. They always need their Captain, after all."+

With that, she walked away, never meeting my gaze as she rejoined the group, giving everyone a friendly smile and laughing at something Bailey said. She looked normal and happy. She looked like Hannah. But she felt different. That wall I fucking hated was back.16

I raked a hand through my hair, my jaw clenching before following suit and returning to the group, avoiding looking in Hannah's direction at all costs. I resumed my usual demeanor, plastering on my signature grin and grabbing Alex in a chokehold, ruffling the luscious blonde hair he was so proud of. He struggled and laughed and tried to knock me to the ground. And then Ryan slapped Alex's ass so hard, we were all sure he'd broken skin as Alex howled.2

After reprimanding Ryan and telling Alex to quit acting like a baby, I spoke to a couple of other guys, and one of the hockey team's players offered me a beer. I hesitated for a moment, looking at the bottle extended to me. This time, instead of turning down his offer like I usually would, I accepted it, opening the bottle and raising it to my lips.14

I tried to push away memories of how the alcohol and bile in my mouth had tasted that night. The sensations of hands everywhere, my world spinning uncontrollably, and my body refusing to obey me. The grit of the ground as I struggled to crawl out of there without passing out.1

I felt Tate's eyes land on me, and he quirked a brow. I knew what he was thinking. Tate was one of the few that knew what happened to me. After that incident, everyone in my life had advised me to keep it quiet, knowing it could severely impact my career if fans learned about it and associated me solely with that incident.1


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

"Let's settle this like real men — Rock, Paper, Scissors!" Tristan slurred, pointing an unsteady finger directly at the colossal figure, who, as I'd come to find out, was named Adam.+

Over the course of the night, the two of them had formed an unlikely friendship, forged through countless rounds of drinking games and challenging each other to all kinds of ridiculous challenges.  Despite both drowning in alcohol, Adam's size granted him a tad more semblance of sobriety, therefore rendering him a lot more composed than Tristan — who was doing a remarkable Jack Sparrow impression as he staggered and swayed where he stood. 5

I'd abandoned any hope of reining him in ages ago. I don't know why I even tried in the first place. Making Tristan do something he didn't want to do was fucking impossible. +

And he was an escape artist. When I turned my attention away from him for even a second, he'd vanish. The last time he'd disappeared, I'd found him perched on Adam's shoulders, talking in a terrible French accent while trying to control him like the rat from Ratatouille. Their laughter echoed as if they'd stumbled upon the greatest joke ever. It was... quite a sight.6

Bailey wasn't any better. It took ten minutes of gentle convincing to get her to release her grip on the grass because she was convinced she might be thrown off the Earth due to its rapid spinning. Then, I had to intervene when she started undressing because, according to her, it was "too hot". She was currently passed out in her tent, cuddling an empty bottle of tequila.11

It was hard to find a sober person at the festival. Since it was the last day, and creeping towards midnight, folks were way past tipsy and gearing up to make some seriously bad choices. It wasn't hard to find people either dancing, tripping out, fucking, or passed out. I was one of the few who managed to stay sober. Sure, I'd had a drink or two, but I figured it was smarter to keep a clear head when everyone else was losing theirs.+

I came across this girl who'd drowned herself in way too many vodka cranberries and ended up having to stick two fingers down her throat to get her to throw up. And then I made sure she drank some water and ate a few bites of a hotdog. Tate was a lot less patient than I was — when some guy thought it was a brilliant idea to down an entire bottle of cheap whisky, nearly putting himself in a coma, Tate landed one solid punch to the guy's stomach. He proceeded to projectile vomit all over a group of dancing girls. The aftermath triggered a chain reaction, and now, that area was a no-go zone. The lingering stench was enough to keep people away.5

Which led me to the present — fatigue and irritation clung to me like a second skin. And I really wanted a proper shower. The camping-style portable one we were using was nothing more than a glorified drizzle, and the cold water made things worse.2

Not to mention, my mental state mirrored my physical exhaustion, and I just wanted to go home, curl up in my bed, and talk to no one. Maybe then, I could gather my thoughts, carve out a moment to simply breathe. The emotional rollercoaster and the unrelenting demands of this weekend were draining me and I felt close to empty. It felt like I was emotionally overwhelmed and I desperately needed some peace and quiet before I inevitably fell off that cliff. I didn't know where I'd land if that happened.+

"Who wants to do body shots!" A naked man ran past me, his pale hairy ass an eyesore.7

It seemed like I wasn't going to get that rest anytime soon.+

"How are you holding up?" A voice asked from behind me.+

I turned my head to see Tate walking up to me, holding a closed soda can. I offered him a tired smile and accepted the cool fizzy drink he offered me. The two of us had formed an unlikely partnership as we tried to stop things from getting too crazy — like sober-buddies. Tate, I quickly learned, was a genuinely easygoing guy who had zero tolerance for anyone's bullshit. It increased my respect for him tenfold.+

"I'm okay — just ready for the night to be over." As I sipped the soda, my eyes scanned the sea of intoxicated festival-goers. "How does anyone expect to be able to drive home tomorrow morning? They're all going to be nursing hangovers from hell."1

He chuckled. "Experience. For many of them, this ain't their first rodeo."+

I nodded in agreement, taking another sip. My attention shifted to Tristan, who was laughing at something one of his friends said, head thrown back as his deep rumbling laugh reached even my ears. And then he had to right himself as he nearly fell onto his back.+

"Including Tristan?" I asked, my gaze fixed on him.+

Tate remained quiet for a moment, studying Tristan until he finally spoke, "This isn't his first rodeo, no. Back when he was a freshman and staying in the football house with the rest of the guys, a lot of his nights were like this. But that's the football house for you. There's a reason a lot of us leave — and why some stay."+

"But he stopped all of that stuff when he left, right? He told me he doesn't drink."+

I began to wonder if it was to avoid developing a problem. Was he a recovering alcoholic? If so, was he risking all his progress by drinking tonight? +

Tate looked down at me, a hint of something indiscernible in his dark eyes. "Yeah. He did. Moved out and went cold turkey on the drinking."2

"So why is he acting like this now?" I asked, frustration lacing my voice.+

He shrugged, clearing his throat. "It's hard to say what's going on inside that head of his."+

"Do you think it's because of me?" Guilt wrapped its cold hands around my throat and squeezed.+

He shook his head. "Even if you're the reason, I don't think you're the only reason, so don't pin the blame on yourself."+

"What other reasons could there be?" I scoffed bitterly.+

He sighed, adjusting his stance and crossing his arms. "Tristan's dealing with a ton of pressure right now — from everyone, including his family.  He has to be the perfect athlete, the perfect captain, the perfect son. That kind of pressure tends to build until it inevitably explodes. He holds himself to everyone's impossible standards and somehow manages to reach them, but everyone has a limit to how long they can keep that up for. Maybe he's hit his — but these lessons, you can only learn them by going through them."4

He was... right. +

Tate's words forced me to reevaluate everything, and I released a soft breath, running my hands over my face. Tristan was pushing himself to the brink, trying to fit into everyone else's mold of perfection, and it was taking a toll on us, on me.  It dawned on me that unless he changed his approach, shifted his perspectives and expectations... we had no future. We were both heading straight for that cliff.+

The realization hit me hard — I didn't really understand Tristan as much as I thought. His outgoing personality, striking good looks, and charming demeanor were like tools he used to create a sense of closeness with everyone — but beneath that facade, I realized I knew nothing of value. It became apparent that Tristan was a pro at crafting an image that resonated with others while keeping his real self hidden.2


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

"This sucks," Tristan murmured.+

"Oh, you poor baby," I cooed, adding a bit of force as I dabbed the inner corner of his left eye with a damp cloth. He winced, trying the lean away from my touch. 2

I was attempting to get the last of the dried blood we'd missed earlier, but he insisted on making this a difficult process for both of us. Not to mention, he was pouting because I kept swatting his hands away from my body. It was tough to focus with him doing that. At least he wasn't swaying anymore — I suspected the water and 2 Snickers bars I'd forced him to drink and eat had helped a little. He'd also brushed his teeth after I refused to kiss him, citing his breath could get me tipsy.2

"This wasn't what I had in mind when you said we should head back to the tent. You tricked me."4

I scoffed. "I didn't do anything. It was getting late and we have to drive back tomorrow. You need sleep — I need sleep. And you're in no condition to do anything to me right now."+

He opened his mouth to protest, but I cut him short with a stern look, saying, "And you smell like a bar. You're lucky I'm not making you sleep outside tonight. As it is, I'm tempted to dunk your head in water again."3

As I resumed wiping at the corner of his eye, he grimaced, jerking his head away from my hand again. "I think I'm clean now." His lips curled into a grin, "Unless you want me to take off my clothes too? Maybe I have some blood on my dick."8

I narrowed my eyes at him, setting the cloth down. He was clean enough. "Am I just a body to you? Is having sex with me all you can think about?"5

His eyes rounded and he rushed to reassure me, "Fuck no!"3

Pulling me closer so that I was forced to spread my thighs and saddle him, he buried his face in my hair and mumbled, "It isn't, I promise. I think about other things when I'm with you. It's just that ... whenever I'm with you, I have this need to get as close to you as possible — and sex is the best way I can do that," he squeezed me, pulling me tighter against him, "But I think about your smile, your laugh, your voice. I like talking to you. You're so fucking smart and I could listen to you for hours — even when you're shitting me out for something I did or said... and I don't know how else to show you I like you other than by having sex with you. It helps that you're the first girl I've actually liked fucking. You know — outside of just the physical act of release and the distraction it gave me."17

I sighed, reaching up to run my fingers through his soft hair. He melted when I did that, exhaling a small moan into my shoulder. It made me never want to let go of him.2

A thought occurred to me and my brows furrowed. "Why would sex be a distraction for you? I thought the whole point was to avoid those?" +

He froze, going rigid under me. "It's nothing. I meant nothing by that. Sex was just a way to feel good — that's it, that's what I meant."5

I pulled away from him. "I don't want to leave it at that. Your reaction is telling me that clearly something happened and you don't want to tell me. Why don't you want to tell me?" +

I was so tired of him telling me nothing. I wanted to know everything about him, even the parts he didn't think were important — because I loved every part of him.6

"Hannah, leave it. It's nothing." His hands curled around my waist and he lifted me off of him and deposited me on the bed next to him, refusing to meet my gaze.1

I stared at him, frustrated and hurt. "Okay, then tell me this — does it have something to do with why you don't drink?" I paused, thinking about it. "You don't drink and it's not because of football. You acted weird when I gave you a water bottle today. You fuck girls for a distraction when usually you're adamant about not having any — which means you're trying to forget about something. You never tell me anything, not really. You've had stalkers — or one bad stalker, and you were really weird about those Instagram messages..."1

He still wouldn't look at me and he'd gone silent.4

Softening, I placed a hand on his shoulder. "Something happened. I know a good person would leave it alone and wait for you to tell them, but I'm tired of waiting." I swallowed hard. "You don't have to tell me everything... just talk to me."+

The long silence I was met with turned my insides cold and that small flame of hope in my chest fizzled out painfully. He kept his head turned away from me, looking out of the tent, and said nothing. Dropping both my hand and my gaze, I tried to push away the flood of emotions that threatened to overwhelm me. He had never outright rejected me and it stung. It also told me everything I needed to know about how little he trusted me.+

Biting the inside of my cheek so that the pain would provide some relief from the inner turmoil boiling inside of me, I forced myself to sound calm, "Okay... I'm going to bed then. You should also get some sleep — you're going to have a pretty bad hangover tomorrow."+

I reached for my bag, fighting the tears that pricked at my eyes as I blinked rapidly.+

"Hannah."+

I grabbed my bag, pulling it closer to me. And then I unzipped it, ruffling around for a change of clothes. But I couldn't focus and I couldn't tell what any of the things in front of me were. They were already blurry from the angry tears threatening to spill.+

"Hannah."+

Fuck it. I was wearing the first thing I pulled out. Gritting my teeth, my fingers went to grab something and brushed against the string of beads. Clenching my fist, I yanked my hand out of my bag. How much would I hate myself if I just slept in today's clothes?+

"Hannah, would you fucking listen to me!"+

"What?" I snarled, turning to glare at him.4

He returned my glare with one of his own. "Stop that. Stop acting like this."4

"Acting like what?" I gave him a sarcastic smile, "I'm getting ready for bed. Am I not allowed to do that? Or do you now have a say over every single thing I do?"+

"Jesus Christ, woman," he muttered, raking a hand through his hair as he squeezed his eyes shut. Like I was annoying him, like I was the nuisance and just another one of his rambunctious teammates that he needed to reprimand.5

Anger quickly rose inside me and I narrowed my eyes at him. "Move out of the way."+

"What?" He looked at me, brows knitting in confusion.+

"I said get out of the way. I'm going to sleep with Bailey. I can't be around you right now."4

Not waiting for him to move, I started crawling out of the tent, going around his back. But I was quickly stopped when he twisted around to grab me and then before I could blink or comprehend what had happened, I was on my back, looking up at Tristan as he loomed over me like a dark, imposing figure, large enough to block out all of the light from the open entrance.+


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

I tensed against him.+

"What?"+

Drugged him? Did that mean she tried to... rape him? Shock blasted through my system, and my heart rate began to pick up again. I tried to twist around to face him, but he wouldn't let me budge.+

He cleared his throat, his arms cinching tighter around me. "There was this girl who followed me around for a couple of months — to parties, class, the football house. And to all my games. And then she started messaging me. A lot, all the time, no matter how much I blocked her. At first, I thought she was just an over-enthusiastic fan."6

"She stalked you."3

He gave a small nod, sighing, and I felt it against my head. "Yeah. Hindsight's twenty-twenty," Laughing dryly, he continued, "It all started getting bad when I made the mistake of kissing her while I was drunk at some party during my freshman year, and she took that as way more than it was. Started threatening the girls I hooked up with, telling everyone she was my girlfriend, sending me weird packages with her hair and other shit in it. Enough to freak me and those around me out."18

I felt sick to my stomach as he relayed what happened to him. I didn't want to know where this was going, even as I suspected that I already knew. It had crossed my mind when I'd voiced everything before, but because I couldn't imagine it, I'd dismissed the thought immediately. He was just so Tristan — it seemed like no one could touch him, much less hurt him like that.1

"I was advised to get a restraining order, so I did. I felt stupid doing it, but my parents wouldn't let it go. And the cops weren't going to do a thing except warn her unless something serious happened. But I wasn't too worried at that point. I didn't think she'd be able to do anything to me, considering she seemed like this small, harmless girl."16

The cops didn't do anything? Even though he was Tristan Beckett? Was it because he was a big guy and they thought he'd be able to handle himself?1

"We were having a party during rush week and it was pretty late. I was already nearing blackout drunk when she dosed my drink. The last thing I can remember is making out with some other girl. Apparently, I passed out and some of my buddies carried me up to my room. That's where she found me — on my bed and dead to the world."+

I chose to stay quiet, letting him finish.+

"I woke up with her on top of me, naked. She was trying to unzip my pants. I think I made a noise because she realized I was awake, and started talking to me. I couldn't really make out any of the other stuff, but she kept apologizing over and over again — the whole time."+

It almost made it worse that she felt remorse for her actions and kept going regardless. That meant she knew what she was doing was wrong, and she had a guilty conscience, but chose to ignore it, chose to violate another human being in one of the worst ways possible.3

"Did she...?" Acid rose in the back of my throat.+

"No. I couldn't get hard. She tried, but nothing worked. And I don't think she just wanted to fuck me — she wanted to trap me and tie us together permanently, and I think she planned on doing that by getting pregnant."16

His tone of voice almost sounded detached, as if he were recounting a story about someone else entirely, but the notion that anyone could try and do that to him made me want to hurt them irreparably. Despite his attempts to downplay the incident, brushing it off as if it were inconsequential, it was obvious that it still affected him. It was like he believed that if he pushed it to the back of his mind and pretended it didn't exist, he could make it disappear. I just didn't know if he knew that. I wanted to both hold and comfort him, while simultaneously wanting to go hunt down the girl that did this to him. 2

"By then I was starting to rapidly decline. The mix of drugs and alcohol was a lethal cocktail and I started throwing up and seizing, and because I was on my back, I choked. She panicked and ran when she realized what was happening — that I might die and she'd be held accountable for it. I fell off my bed from the convulsions, and luckily, she left the door open and Tate saw me. Recognizing that something was seriously wrong with me, he and a couple of the guys rushed me to the hospital to get my stomach pumped and get me treated. Saved my fucking life." 5

"You nearly died?" I whispered, horrified.+

"Yeah. During that time, everyone thought I had alcohol poisoning, but while I was there, they did some tests and found out I had point five grams of GHB in my system. GHB's used as a date rape drug in some cases, and I had a shit-ton in my bloodstream — enough that I could have overdosed without the alcohol. I would have died if they hadn't acted fast that night."3

He nearly died. She could have killed him.3

Imagining a world where he didn't exist felt wrong. I'd never known true hatred until I'd heard of this nameless, faceless monster. I wanted to do worse to her, so much worse, and I wanted her to hurt more than he ever did, but for his sake, I stayed still in his arms, drawing strength from the steady rhythm of his heartbeat against my back and using it to ground my thoughts and emotions.1

"I'm so sorry that happened to you, Tristan. I don't know what to say." I spoke softly, wrapping a hand around the arm curled over me and squeezing.+

A part of me regretted pushing him to tell me all of this, but I now felt like I understood him so much more, things that had confused me before, made so much sense now. Why he sometimes acted weirdly around certain subjects, why he didn't drink, why he hesitated when I gave him that water bottle today, why he overreacted to those messages... of course he was thinking about what happened, about the consequences of being reckless and underestimating those around him.+

"Don't say anything — there isn't anything to say. Nothing really happened and I'm fine now. It's in the past and it was dealt with." His tone left no room for argument.5

While, before, I would have argued with him, I now chose not to engage. I was tired of fighting, and this revelation had erased all the irritation I had with him. At that moment, my sole desire was to comfort him without further upsetting him, and my instincts were telling me to tread carefully.1

"Please tell me she didn't get away with this — that she was punished. She violated the restraining order, that was reason enough."+


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                            1

Okay, so maybe I was the coward this time.5

But how did you face the woman your drunken idiot-self spilled every-fucking-thing to? You didn't — that's how.3

Instead, you woke up with a bucket full of regret and you got the hell out of dodge — because you just knew she wasn't going to look at you the same again. Not my finest moment, I'll admit, but I didn't know if I'd be able to stand that look of pity I knew I'd be greeted with. It took so long for that look to leave my own fucking mother's face — I don't think I'd be able to handle it on Hannah's too. So I moved as quietly as possible and packed my stuff up while she slept, every noise making me freeze like a naughty kid. And then I left feeling like the biggest asshole on the planet.16

Afterwards, I threw myself into work with the guys, helping to dismantle the bigger structures and haul the heavy equipment to where it needed to go. It provided a much-needed distraction, especially as I sweated out my hangover alongside my teammates, most of whom were in the same sorry state as me. +

By the time I had to return to the tent, I was sweating balls. Deciding to just get it over with, I made my way back, exchanging nods with those who waved as I passed by. When I got there, Hannah was standing next to Bailey, shaking her head as her best friend bent over and dry heaved, reaching out to pat her back and pull her hair out of her face.1

Unable to help it, my eyes devoured every inch of her. Today, she sported a light pink hoodie paired with black pants, her hair pulled back into a simple ponytail. The hoodie draped over her body, reaching mid-thigh, and because I knew what the goods looked like — tasted like — it made me want her even more. 3

I didn't think I could remember ever being this attracted to another girl. It was like the more I had her, the greedier I got to have more. It took a lot of self-control and reigning myself in to be around Hannah — and I wasn't always successful. That alone told me how dangerous she was.+

Sensing my gaze, she lifted her head, her piercing blue eyes locking onto mine and stabbing me right through the heart. With her soul-piercing gaze, came a rush of feelings I'd never felt before, yet had become all too familiar with in the last couple of weeks. If her eyes stabbed my heart, the things she made me feel shredded it to pieces. +

I'd always imagined settling down with one girl and fully committing to her, but that vision had been set for much later in my life, not now. Would I even make a good boyfriend right now? I knew I'd never betray or cheat on Hannah, especially given her past experiences. Not to mention the fact that my entire family would disown me — my mother, in particular, would subject me to her famous silent treatment for at least the next decade.4

No. I knew once I had Hannah, there was no way I'd be able to let her go, and thats why I couldn't have her. 5

But that was if we went the serious route — the one that led to a committed relationship and the potential for a future together. The other option, the one I was determined to choose, promised a lucrative career in the NFL, an endless parade of women, and no responsibilities beyond my work and health. That had been the dream, but why wasn't it as appealing anymore? Why did it suddenly seem like I was trading the chance to build a life with Hannah for a future of loneliness and emptiness?5

Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. Fuck.6

Why was this such a hard decision to make? +

"Oh, look who finally decided to show his face around here. I was about to suggest we file a missing person's report," Bailey sniped, looking extra sick and grumpy this morning as she straightened up.+

Arching a brow, I said, "Hold the amber alert, I was just helping the guys disassemble everything, and now everything's ready for pick up. I take it you're more than ready to leave?"+

"This has been fun, but I need to give my liver a chance to recover, so yeah — I'm ready. Let's get this show on the road." With a decisive clap of her hands, Bailey made a beeline for my car, leaving Hannah and I in an awkward silence.+

She wouldn't even fucking look at me.5

Instead, her gaze followed her best friend the entire time, like I wasn't even there, and she stayed quiet when usually, she'd step forward and kiss me — say something sassy or affectionate, maybe throw in a fun little insult. She probably wouldn't touch or look at me because I reminded her of used, broken goods.3

I knew I never should have said a fucking thing. 4

"Are you ready to go?" I asked, my tone clipped as my mood took even more of a dip.+

Finally, her eyes met mine again, and what I saw in them made me go cold inside... nothing. There was nothing reflected in those depths, no smile, no warmth. Not even anger or revulsion.4

"I am. My bags are next to the car," was all she said.+

My jaw clenched as I forced myself to nod, "Okay. Let's go then."+

She didn't respond, simply trailing behind me as we made our way to the car. With each step, a numbness settled in my chest, spreading through my body until I felt nothing but the hardness of the ground beneath me and the faint touch of sunlight on my skin — but I couldn't feel its warmth anymore.+

°•°•°•°+


      
  
    
        
    
    
      
        
        
      
    
   
  1

Waking up in the tent, alone and empty of all his things, had been the last straw.6

The things I'd felt in those moments — overwhelming fear, panic, heartbreak — had been a form of PTSD all on its own. For long minutes I'd sat in that tent, silent tears streaming down my face as I bit down on my bottom lip to stop from making any noises. I hadn't been able to move, fearing a breakdown if I did.10

You're okay. You're okay. You're okay. You're okay. You're okay. You're okay.9

It had become a personal mantra, repeating over and over in my head until it had distracted me from all other unwanted thoughts. I kept telling myself I'd deal with everything else when I got home and I was alone — I just needed to hold it together a little bit more...2


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

"Hannah?" Bailey's voice sounded from upstairs, jolting me from my wallowing.+

Taking a stuttered breath, I quickly pulled myself back together with one last whole-body shudder, roughly wiping at my wet cheeks — but my eyes were red, my nose was running and I couldn't stop shaking. I was a mess, and there was no hiding it. 1

As she descended the stairs, I managed to muster a sad smile, sniffling. She knew instantly what had happened, and her face dropped. Without another word, she rushed down the remaining steps, dropping to her knees beside me, and enveloping me in a warm hug. The comfort of her arms threatened to unravel the fragile composure I had barely managed to maintain, but I clung to it with all my strength.2

"I'm so sorry, sweetie," she murmured, her arms tightening around me as she stroked my back.+

I shook my head against her, pressing my lips together to hold back the tears. "It's okay. I knew this was going to happen, I was prepared for it. I mean, I was the one who ended things — why should I be the heartbroken one?"3

"Oh, darling, how could you have prepared for this? You love him." Bailey's voice was soft, her eyes solemn as she pulled back and gently pushed some loose strands of hair out of my face.4

My heart jerked painfully in my chest, prompting a pained noise ffrom me, and I curled further into myself. I was still on the floor against the door, and I didn't know if I'd be able to get up any time soon.+

"Please don't say it," I whispered.2

"That you love him?"3

"Yes," I said, my voice breaking on the word. 1

Bailey hesitated, the weight of her reluctance evident in the furrow of her brow and the subtle tension that strained her body, but then she sighed, her shoulders slumping in defeat. "Okay. Do you want to talk about it?"+

"No," I murmured, my bottom lip trembling as I dropped my head, resting my forehead on my knees, and letting my pants soak up the few stray tears that managed to escape.+

Bailey didn't say anything more, but she sat down next to me, her back against the door as she wrapped an arm around my shoulders, offering silent support as I felt my heart shatter into a million pieces.3

°•°•°•°+


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

I drove away feeling like I'd made the biggest mistake of my life.25

The road stretched out endlessly in front of me, the landscape blurring into a haze of passing scenery. I didn't know where I was heading, I just drove.4

I felt everything when I wanted to feel nothing. 1

A heavy weight settled in my chest, dragging me down into a pit of bitter regret and helplessness. It was never meant to be this deep. She used to just be this walled off blonde with an attitude and an even better ass. She fit the mold of my ideal type, the kind of girl I usually went for without any emotional entanglements.1

So why the fuck was she different from the rest?11

My hand left the steering wheel to rake through my hair as I let out a hollow breath. I was fighting the constant urge to turn my car around and go back to her. But every time I considered it, I reminded myself that this was for the best — for both of us. This way I was protecting her from me. It sucked knowing I had to shield her from myself, but it was the right thing to do. I didn't want to hurt her any more than she already was; she didn't need another asshole adding to her pain. I already hated myself for adding new scars to her already fragile heart — one another dickhead had torn apart. +

And as much as it pained me to admit it, I knew she was right. I was messed up, broken in ways I couldn't even begin to unravel — I couldn't blame her for ending things. I had to remind myself that Hannah had made her choice. She didn't want someone as fucked up as me in her life, and I had to respect that. Hell, I'd run from myself if I could. 14

For now, I'd stay away from her, for both our sakes, and avoid our usual meet-ups, even if it meant skipping a few classes. I considered sitting far away from her if I did show up, but who was I kidding? I'd never be able to resist the need to look at her. There was something about her that just sucked me right in every time.+

Our only silver lining was that we never let things get too deep. Except for meeting her brother, we hadn't brought each other home to meet the folks. And thank fuck, no one had said those three little words that would have made things a whole lot more awkward and painful.5

She would heal. She was strong enough and mature enough that she was going to get over me and that cum-stain of an ex, as much as it pissed me off to imagine. I didn't know if I'd ever get over my shit, but I knew I'd keep going regardless.3

Leaning my head back against the headrest, I let out a heavy sigh. If we weren't working out now then we were never going to work out in the long run. I just needed to power through the next couple of days, almost like a detox. And then things would go back to how they used to be. I would go back to how I used to be.1

I was strong, I was stubborn — and I never gave up. +

I'd be fine.16

°•°•°•°+


      
  
    
        
    
    
      
        
        
      
    
   



                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

He didn't show up for class again.1

I couldn't decide if that made me angry or not. On one hand, his absence could hurt his grades, but on the other hand, I knew he was doing it to spare us both the awkwardness. Yet, it didn't make things easier. My hope that avoiding one another would alleviate the pain slowly diminished as each day felt worse than the last. 3

I missed him.5

The constant ache in my chest refused to subside, and he was never far from my thoughts. I dreamed about him too. They were usually filled with memories or twisted scenarios, some of him with someone else, others of him saying hurtful things.  I had yet to have a good night's sleep since he left.5

And it didn't help that everywhere I went, people spoke about him. I'd hear his name or moniker every time I walked to class, or when I went to Beanz to get my morning coffee. Even the library wasn't safe from conversations about his upcoming game.3

Which was today.+

Part of me had considered going, maybe bringing my brother along as an excuse — just to ensure he was okay or even happy. I genuinely hoped he was, knowing full well the pressure he faced. But there was also a darker side of me, one I tried to ignore, that hoped he was hurting just as much as me. I always felt so disappointed with myself when I entertained those thoughts. How could I ever want to hurt him or his future? I wanted him to succeed.1

Just maybe I hoped it would be with me.2

I sighed heavily, dropping my pen to rub both of my aching eyes with the palms of my hands. It was only eleven in the morning, and already, I yearned to go back home, retreat into my blankets, and shut out the outside world.1

At least when I moved for my internship, I wouldn't have to be constantly reminded of him. Sure, Kansas wasn't too far away, but it would put some much-needed space between us.15

Yesterday, I finally sent my answer to my advisor, Ms. Harold. And then I phoned my dad and told him everything. After listening patiently, he agreed to help convince my mother, knowing full well she'd put up a fight.5

And this morning, as if to solidify the decision I'd made, I received confirmation that I was leaving in a month. The news both terrified me and filled me with a profound sense of sadness. It was starting to sink in that I'd be leaving my family behind, saying goodbye to Dale, and... Tristan.9

Forcefully swallowing down the lump lodged in my throat, I started packing up my things. It felt like I was admitting defeat, but I just couldn't seem to make any headway with my work. I thought being elsewhere would help me concentrate better, but instead of finding solace outside of the house, I felt even more on edge. Every passing face made me tense up, eyes darting around in search of him. It was becoming downright irritating.+

Locking the door behind me, I returned to the front desk and handed the key to Jacqueline. Thankfully, she was the only one there, and she wasn't one for small talk, so I could drop it off and leave without delay.+

My car was parked quite a distance away because I couldn't find any empty parking spaces when I drove to the library. So, I had to walk several blocks to reach it. I contemplated pulling up my hood to avoid being recognized and stopped for questions about Tristan, but I hated feeling like I was hiding, so I left it down and tried to ignore those I walked past. Some gave me curious glances, likely recognizing me, but thankfully no one tried to stop me.6

I was so focused on those around me that I almost didn't notice the figure approaching from the opposite direction.+

And when I finally did, it was too late. +

My heart stuttered in my chest, and my steps faltered as recognition set in. His once tousled locks were now shorn short, and a tattoo of a scorpion adorned the side of his neck — a fitting emblem for the venom that constantly coated all of his false words. His attire, a blend of leather and denim, hung loosely on his long frame, a style that once screamed 'bad boy'.26

Unfortunately, he noticed me too and a flash of surprise crossed his face before a pleased smile curved his lips. And then he walked up to me as if we were old friends, his eyes roaming my body with a familiarity that made my skin crawl, and I nearly gave in to the urge to run away, but my feet were glued to the floor, and no matter how much I screamed at myself to turn around and leave, they wouldn't listen.9

As he drew closer, my body tensed, and I felt myself clamp up even more, unable to move or speak.+

"Well, well, well, look who it is," he drawled, his voice smooth and full of amusement. "Hannah, it's been too long. Missed you, babe."9

Babe. 2

The word hung in the air, a mockery of the endearment he had no right to utter. Still, it was enough to snap me out of my trauma-induced daze, reigniting the flame of anger inside me. +

"What are you doing here, Dylan?" I demanded, my tone sharp and defensive, fingers tightening around the straps of my bag.12

His smile widened, unfazed by my hostility. "Just passing through, visiting a... friend," he shrugged, replying casually as if it were the most natural thing in the world for him to show up out of nowhere. "Totally wasn't expecting to bump into you, but hey, why don't we catch up over dinner or lunch? My treat."12

Staring at him in disbelief, I felt the audacity of his words fueling the growing fire inside me. "Are you seriously asking me to have dinner or lunch with you? After everything you did to me?"+

Dylan's appearance, while not unattractive, faded into ordinariness as he stood there, his features lacking the captivating allure that Tristan effortlessly possessed. He, once captivating, now seemed ordinary and wholly unremarkable. The once dangerous charm of his familiar traits now appeared dull, the rough edges unable to compete with the current occupant of my thoughts. His once-piercing eyes lacked the intensity that used to unnerve and control me; now, all I could imagine was gouging them out with rusty screws.1

He shrugged, his expression feigning innocence. "Hey, water under the bridge, right? Besides, you know I could never forget about you. No other girl even comes close to you."9

How many times had I heard those exact words? Too many to count. They didn't have the effect he was hoping for.+

"Really? Then how come you could never keep it in your pants?"+

"Come on, Hannah, you know it didn't mean anything," he chuckled dismissively. "Just a bit of fun, that's all. But you... you were always different. Special."9

I bristled at his words, his attempts to downplay his actions and twist the truth. "I'm not interested in your twisted games, Dylan," I said, my voice dripping with contempt. "I'm not some naive little girl you can manipulate at your whim. Your empty promises and sweet talk won't work on me anymore."4


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

Closing my locker with a heavy sigh, I reached up to push my damp hair away from my face. 8

We'd won.2

Not that I had contributed anything to that win. This time my teammates did all the heavy lifting. I'd been benched, and replaced by Owen, our backup quarterback. Sure, it was my call to make the switch, but it still left a foul taste in my mouth, like a bitter reminder of failure.2

Coach Clark had stayed quiet as we watched the game unfold, giving no indication that he'd seen me beside him. When the final whistle blew and the team erupted into celebrations, he turned to me, and said, "No one can operate at a hundred percent all the time. We all go through rough patches, but it's about how you deal with those hard times that's the true test. You made the right call with Owen today."1

And then he walked away, leaving me to consider what he meant by that. I was struck by his approval over my decision — I'd been certain he was gonna give me an ass chewing for my shitty playing during the first half of the game, and also for the past week.+

Because this last week had been hell. +

The lack of sleep was taking its toll and really affecting my game on the field. I had no choice but to step back and let my teammates take the lead. Tate, as my co-captain, took it upon himself to shoulder some of my responsibilities, and wouldn't accept any of my protests.4

In the beginning, it pissed me off — this shift in dynamic — and I resisted as much as possible. But exhaustion had a way of draining the fight from you, and I begrudgingly relented, acknowledging the burden that had been lifted from my shoulders. Well, only to be replaced by the weight of my guilt over feeling like I was letting them down by not contributing my part to the team.+

For the first time in a long time, I felt lost and unsure of myself.3

As the locker room buzzed with post-game chatter, I gathered my belongings, mentally preparing myself for the impending encounter with my parents, particularly my dad. They had been watching from the VIP area, undoubtedly observing my performance with sharp eyes. I knew my dad would have a few things to say about my first-half struggles and subsequent absence in the second half. It was the last thing I wanted to deal with right now, but I couldn't avoid them, especially after they'd driven two hours to support me.+

With another sigh, I shook off the thoughts and turned to leave. As I moved towards the exit, Alex, piped up.+

"Hey, Captain, you coming to the after party? It's at Diego's." He waggled his eyebrows, a playful grin on his face.+

Ryan, coming from behind me, added, "Yeah, we gotta celebrate the win properly, right?"+

Before I could respond, Joey Flinnigan interjected, "Nah, he doesn't know why we're celebrating. He was too busy warming up the bench to even notice there was a game on."3

The whole team turned their heads to glare at him, a couple of guys telling him to shut up or voicing their disapproval. Matthew, sitting on a bench as he did up his laces, shot him a glare. "Enough, Joey. Show some respect."1

Tate, standing beside him as he pulled on his shirt and pulled it down firmly, eyes glued to Joey, added in a no-nonsense tone, "Tristan's the captain for a reason. If you have something to say, we'd always be open to listening to your complaints, but until you can learn some respect, shut the fuck up."4

Joey's face went red, and you could visibly see his defenses rise as he tried to downplay his comment, saying, "It was just a joke guys."5

I appreciated the support from my boys, but I had no desire to stick around and deal with this shit right now. 1

"Thanks, guys, but I'm gonna pass on the party tonight. I promised my folks dinner," I explained, ignoring Joey, and grateful for the excuse to smoothly slip out of the festivities.+

Before I was out of the door, Tate stopped me, saying, "Beckett, I need to talk to you."3

Fuck. He was going to give me a pep talk, wasn't he?+

I was definitely not in the mood for it, but out of respect for him, I waited for him to join me and the two of us exited the room together. The hallway, adorned with portraits and group photos of Dale's celebrated athletes, including myself, seemed eerily quiet and foreign tonight. For a guy accustomed to the addicting rush of adrenaline that usually accompanied a game, the bone-deep exhaustion I felt instead was certainly a new experience. Even during the games we'd lost in the past — I was still able to wrangle my team and keep their heads straight by remaining level-headed myself.+

Once more, the notion of concocting an excuse to bail on my parents crossed my mind, but I didn't feel like adding any more guilt to the pile I already carried. I was tired of feeling like I was letting everyone down.+

Besides, any remorse I felt for letting my team down paled in comparison to the profound guilt I felt over hurting Hannah. That guilt settled deep in my chest and refused to budge.3

When we were finally out of earshot, Tate's words cut through the air like a blade. "I saw Hannah today."+

Oh, yeah — this was definitely a pep talk. But despite that, my heart jerked painfully and I couldn't help the question that slipped past my lips. "Is she okay?"4

I wondered if she was broken up over me, considering she was the one who put an end to us. Sure, I'd known our separation was imminent, but I had been trying to delay the inevitable, so I couldn't help but feel somewhat cheated out of the time we should have had together. It was selfish, but she made me want to be selfish. Spending time with her had a strange way of quieting the voices in my head, the ones that were constantly reminding me that I wasn't doing enough and that I was on the verge of making a mistake that would cost me everything.+

"She was arguing with a guy," Tate continued. "Do you remember the Freshmen Groomer?"1

Tension coiled in my neck and shoulders as soon as that asshole's nickname left his mouth.+

"I was on my way to the Football Stadium and saw her near the library with him. I watched him get a little handsy with her."+

My insides turned to ice and I stopped in my tracks. He'd touched her?16

Seeing the look on my face, he assured me, "She's okay. I stepped in pretty quickly and made sure he left her alone and didn't follow her. I just thought you should know."+

Forcing myself to maintain composure, I reached out and clasped Tate's shoulder in silent appreciation, the blood roaring in my ears drowned out any words that threatened to escape. With a quick nod, I turned on my heel and headed towards my car.+

°•°•°•°+


      
  
    
        
    
    
      
        
        
      
    
   



                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

I woke up feeling more rested than I had in... hell, years probably. No dreams, no tossing and turning — just solid, deep sleep. 5

My arms tightened around the warm woman in my arms and I buried my face in her hair, inhaling deeply. She always smelled so good — like a mix of home, strawberry and vanilla, and something uniquely her. Despite everything, being here with her felt right and natural. I didn't know where I'd find the will to walk away again.5

Knowing I had to let her go made me pull her even closer, greedily soaking her in while I still had the chance. And then for one agonizing second, I let myself entertain the thought of waking up to this — to her, for the rest of my life, and the hunger for that to be true nearly crippled me. 2

So I quickly pushed those thoughts aside, knowing they would continue eating at me later. There was a reason this was only a one-time thing — I recognized that, knew that. She had her dreams, just like I did. And as much as it pained me, I couldn't ask her to stay, not when I understood the importance of a dream.3

Or at least, I used to. Lately, my own dream had begun to lose its luster. Football wasn't going so well, and the pressure to perform and not let everyone down was starting to crush me. I didn't know how to shake off that feeling, didn't know how to fix things. 1

Maybe I was just stressed, but the once exhilarating rush of the game had been replaced by a gnawing sense of dread, a fear of failure that seemed to follow me wherever I went.5

And yet, despite that overwhelming pressure, I couldn't see myself doing anything else. Football was all I knew, all I had ever wanted. The thought of walking away from the game that had defined me for so long filled me with a sense of emptiness — a void I didn't know how to fill. I was an athlete through and through, so the thought of sitting at a desk or pursuing a different career path felt foreign and wrong.+

Yet, I wasn't going to lie — I felt like I was reaching a breaking point. And deep down, I knew that something had to change, but I didn't know where to start. No, I didn't know how to start. And the thought of admitting that I was struggling made me sick to my stomach.+

But she was also right about my past. I didn't like to think or talk about what happened because I didn't like the things it made me feel — so out of control and desperate, so fucking helpless. I especially hated the fear it made me relive.4

I had convinced myself that I was making progress when I put an end to the partying and drinking, but if the festival weekend had taught me anything — it wasn't those things that were holding me back. +

I should have known Hannah would force me to confront those aspects of myself, and at first, yeah, it pissed me off. Even I knew I got defensive and shut off when anyone tried to help. And that was exactly what Hannah did — because at her core she was a caring person, and she would do anything for those she loved or cared about. She had the biggest heart under that prickly exterior and when you got past her defenses, the woman you were met with was truly remarkable. And so she tried to help me and I pushed her away, ultimately losing her in the process.1

Because my past did have a chokehold on me.5

And part of me believed it always would. I couldn't see myself ever forgetting what happened, and how could I heal from it if I could still remember all the nauseating details, all the things I'd felt in those moments?+

I didn't know what to do anymore. I was drowning in this overpowering sense of helplessness, but I couldn't bring myself to ask for help. And the one thing I wanted more than anything else, I couldn't have.4

I tensed as I realized what I'd just thought. +

 I reluctantly released my hold on her and sat up, running a hand through my hair as I tried to make sense of it all. Did that mean I wanted her more than football? Did I have to choose? But I had already chosen, and she was leaving.5

Rubbing at the ache in my chest, I frowned. I hated this, and something told me it was only going to get worse once she was gone. +

I sighed and looked at the time next to me.+

"Shit," I grumbled, throwing back the blankets and planting my feet on the ground.+

It was nearly ten, and I wagered my parents were blowing up my phone at this very moment. Rising from the bed, I grabbed my bundle of discarded clothes and quickly got dressed. As I pulled my shirt on, yanking on the hem to straighten it out, I looked back at her. I regretted leaving without a word, but I couldn't bring myself to disturb her peaceful sleep.20

I already knew this wasn't going to be the last time I saw her. I'd see her again, even if it was only to say goodbye. With one last glance back, I left the room, gently closing the door behind me.+

°•°•°•°+


      
  
    
        
    
    
      
        
        
      
    
   


I was sitting on the kitchen counter, busy eating a bowl of cereal while I waited for my toast to pop. I was feeling refreshed after last night, but that didn't surprise me. There was something about being completely enveloped in Tristan's warmth and strength that always guaranteed a good night's sleep. 1

I'd also woken up late to an empty bed. I tried to squash the disappointment at him leaving without a word again, telling myself it was for the best. He'd probably just left to meet his parents.2

As it was, last night had been a mistake. I shouldn't have let him stay. All I was doing was torturing myself in the process. But despite my better judgment, I'd seen the state he was in — and I'd been powerless to ignore it. I could never turn him away when he looked so defeated. But last night would be the last time — I wouldn't put myself through that again.+

The sound of the front door opening and closing broke my reverie, drawing my attention to the entranceway. Amanda passed by, our eyes locking for a quick, tense moment before she averted her gaze and hurried away, disappearing behind the wall and up the stairs. I heard Jenny's voice and Amanda's muffled reply before her bedroom door slammed shut.1


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

"I'm here to meet my parents. They should already have a table," I said to the girl bent over the podium at the restaurant's entrance.9

She looked up, and her dark blue eyes widened when she saw me standing in front of her. A faint blush covered her cheeks as her gaze traveled down the length of my body before she quickly straightened up and cleared her throat, gripping the sides of the podium like her life depended on it.5

"Good morning," she greeted nervously, glancing down to scan the list in front of her. "Do you know their table number?"+

I tucked my hands into my pockets, looking past her to see if I could spot them. "No, but I'll recognize them when I see them."+

She nodded, tucking a strand of hair behind her ear. "Alright, sir — follow me then."+

Sir. I couldn't help but hear Hannah's laughter echoing in my ears. She'd probably milk that word for all it was worth, teasing me relentlessly until I toppled her onto the nearest available surface and kissed her senseless.3

A sharp pang stabbed at my chest, stealing the air from my lungs and momentarily halting my steps. I had to force myself to shake it off and keep walking.4

As I trailed behind the nervous girl who kept glancing back to make sure I was following her, soon enough, I found my mind wandering back to Hannah. I wondered if she was awake now, whether she was angry or relieved that I was gone.  I mulled over whether to head back to her place after lunch with my parents, but something told me it might not be the best idea. I kinda got the impression that I'd caught her at a weak moment last night. Not to mention, she'd told me that last night was a one-time deal.+

"Do you see them?"+

The hostess's voice snapped me out of my musings, and I realized we'd arrived at the main dining area. Searching the room, I found them sitting on the open balcony. My dad's height meant he towered over all of those seated around him, making it easier to spot him. My mom was animatedly talking his ears off while he listened silently, as was often the case.2

Today, my mother's dark hair was loose, hanging down her back in thick waves, a stark contrast against the white shirt with poofy sleeves that she wore. Despite being a mom of three — having my sister when she was nineteen, followed by my brother at twenty-two, and then me at twenty-four — she didn't look it. Our entire family stayed active and relatively healthy, with the occasional cheat meal. Out of all three of us kids, I bore the most resemblance to her — my height and build came straight from my dad. As for my siblings, Caleb and Megan were basically carbon copies of him, with Megs being the spitting image in female form — tall, with dark eyes and straight hair.+

I didn't need to point out where they were because Mom had already spotted me, waving enthusiastically as she stood up from her chair with a bright smile. Dad's head turned to follow her gaze, locking onto me, and he frowned. I could feel the disapproval from across the room, and I knew it was because of my disappearing act last night and my fashionably late entrance this morning. Probably because of my game last night too.+

He probably had a whole list to go off on, but I couldn't bring myself to care — I had other things on my mind.+

As I weaved through the tables, I noticed a few heads turning my way. No shocker there — I was pretty recognizable around these parts, even to the locals. I just hoped nobody decided to try and stop me for a quick chat or to ask for anything because I was not feeling up to it. But thankfully, no one tried anything. +

Facing me again, the girl said, "I'll be back. I just need to get you a menu. Do you need anything else in the meantime?"+

I saw the hopeful look in her eyes and chose to ignore it. "I'm good thanks."+

As I approached the table, my mother reached out with both arms and I went to her immediately, wrapping my arms around her and squeezing tight.1

"There's my very-late, very-handsome baby boy," My mother laughed, patting my back. "We thought you were never going to get here."+

"Hey, Ma," I mumbled, burying myself in her embrace, and soaking in her familiar presense. Closing my eyes, I let out a breath, feeling some of the tension leave my body.1

"Hello, darling," she greeted, attempting to pull back to get a good look at me, but I couldn't help but hug her tighter. This was my mother, I hadn't seen her in weeks and my life felt like it was falling to shit — so I held onto her for a little while longer. She didn't say anything about my unusual behavior and just patted my back in comfort.5

Because we were in the middle of a restaurant and I was acutely aware of the eyes on us, I finally let go and stepped back to look at my dad. +

"Hey, Dad." I gave him a nod as a greeting.+

"Son." He returned my nod before gesturing at the third chair at the table. "Sit down, we have a lot to discuss this morning."5

Internally, I groaned, but externally, I didn't put up a fight. I settled into the cushioned seat and spread my legs to get comfortable. 1

After sitting down in her chair, my mom shot my dad a warning look. "What your father means is that we want you to tell us everything that we missed while we were away. How have you been? You look like you've lost a little bit of weight. Have you been eating enough? You don't seem like your usual self."3

I winced at the worry etched into her expression, guilt prickling at me. "I'm okay, Ma. It's just been a rough week."+

My dad arched an eyebrow at that, cutting right to the chase. "Is that why you missed our dinner with Coach Clark last night?"+

I sighed, leaning back into my chair. "Something came up — I wasn't trying to avoid the dinner. What'd I miss? Anything important?"+

"Your future, son," he replied, mirroring my posture with crossed arms and a serious gaze. "Clark also mentioned something's been bothering you all week. Want to tell us what?"6

"Oh, for heaven's sake, Patrick." My mother rolled her eyes, "Enough with the interrogation. Tristan," She turned to me, offering a soft smile, "Your father's just worried. We both are. You do look a lot better than yesterday, but I'm still not convinced you're okay, especially after that hug. You know you can talk to us about anything, right?"+

I knew that. I knew my dad just wanted what was best for me, and that if I spoke up, he'd support me. So why couldn't I still say anything?+

Mustering up a smile, I dodged their concerns. "Don't sweat it, it's just some stuff with the team. I've got it all sorted out."1

Her brows furrowed, unconvinced, and she opened her mouth to say more, but just then I was saved by the appearance of the hostess girl from before. For once, I was grateful for the distraction.2


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

She attacked out of nowhere, rushing forward and catching me completely off guard. 25

Beth came at me with strength and speed that belied her small frame, and before I could do anything but let out a startled yelp, she collided with me, sending us both to the ground. 2

All of the breath was knocked out of me as my back and head hit the ground hard, jolting my senses. Stars danced in my vision as a blinding agony shot through my skull, and I let out a pained groan.1

"Oh my God!" I heard someone shout through the lightning ricocheting through my head and down my spine.+

Before I could fully comprehend the situation, I felt a pair of hands wrap around my neck, squeezing with a vice-like grip that cut off all my air supply. Instinctively, my hands reached up for her wrists as panic and fear shot through me. I tried desperately to pry her fingers away, but she was saddling me and all of her body's weight was leaning forward into her grip — so I clawed at her hands, breaking skin with my nails — except she was too enraged to care.4

"I hate you! I hate you! I hate you!" I heard her screaming as she sobbed through the blood rushing in my ears, "I wish you would just die!" 29

Tears streamed down her face as she sobbed uncontrollably, her grip tightening around my throat with every passing second. I couldn't focus on what she was saying because I was too busy trying to get her off me. I attempted to buck her off, but she was sitting too far up my body, her small but firm thighs squeezing my ribs.3

"Hannah!" Past the blood rushing in my ears, I heard Jenny's voice, a mixture of fright and urgency as she rushed to pull Beth off me.1

"Let go of me!" Beth screeched at Jenny as she tried to pull her off me. +

I could see Jenny's red hair through the involuntary tears leaking from my eyes as she tried to help, but Beth was relentless,  her knees digging into my ribs as she maintained her death grip around my throat. +

"I said let go of me!" She snarled at Jenny.1

Reaching up, I tried to claw at her face, but because she was putting a lot of pressure on my main artery, the edges of my vision were starting to darken. Each second felt like an eternity as I fought for breath, the world starting to dim. +

This woman was actually trying to kill me. And I had no idea why.7

"Where is he? Is he here?" She demanded, shaking me.7

"Someone call the police!"7

As my vision dipped, and the strength ebbed from my limbs, I struggled to comprehend the mayhem erupting around me. The sound of running footsteps and frantic screams echoed, but they felt distant and distorted, drowned out by the relentless pounding of my heartbeat in my head. I could only focus on the face of the girl above me.3

For a few agonizing seconds, time seemed to stand still as our gazes locked and held. I saw something primal and feral in her eyes, and it sent a cold chill coursing through my veins.+

Then, suddenly, Beth was torn away from me, and that debilitating pressure around my neck was gone. I immediately sucked in gulps of air, coughing and gasping, my every breath raspy and stuttered.+

Through the fog of pain and confusion, I watched as Jenny and Molly struggled to restrain Beth, her screams filling the room as she kicked and jerked in their grasp. Amanda was on the phone, talking to the other person on the line as her eyes darted between me and Beth. I thought I saw concern on her face, but I couldn't bring myself to analyze her facial expressions at a time like this.1

Shakily, and still holding my tender neck, I pushed myself up from the floor, stumbling as my body trembled with shock. The back of my head was throbbing and I had to fight against the vertigo, wincing as I straightened up. +

What the fuck just happened? 4

The events of the past minute felt surreal and my head was spinning too fast for me to comprehend or even attempt to figure out what was going on.+

"I'll kill you!" Beth's screech sliced through the air, jolting me. "Do you hear me? I'm going to make sure you never touch him again! You don't deserve him!"14

Still panting as I gingerly touched the back of my head to feel a small lump developing, I looked at her. +

"What is wrong with you?" My voice emerged hoarse and strained, every word causing a sharp pain to shoot down my throat.+

Jenny watched me in concern, straining to keep Beth away from me. "Are you okay, Hannah? Do we need take you to the hospital?"+

"Look at her neck! Of course, we have to take her to the hospital!" Molly shouted, obviously freaked out as she struggled against the crazy woman.+

"The police are on the way," Amanda interjected, keeping a wary eye on Beth.+

When Beth heard this, she lashed out, sinking her teeth into Molly's arm, who then screamed and let go of her. 14

This time I was ready for her. She wasn't the only angry one and I was older, taller, and outweighed her. I was also an older sister.4

Right as she got to me, I shifted my weight to the side, hooking my ankle around both of hers. Reaching up, and fisting a handful of her hair, I used it as leverage as I swept my leg and yanked down with all my strength. 11

She cried out as she fell to the ground, her head snapping under the force of my raised fist full of her hair. And then I dropped her, and she fell onto her back, staring up at me with panicked eyes. Straddling her, I drew my arm back, blowing my hair out of my face as it hung in disarray around me. Panting heavily, I glared down at her, and then I struck. There was a sickening crunch as my fist connected, and I felt something give way beneath my knuckles. 23

"Hannah!" Jenny gasped.+

"That's what you get for strangling me," I rasped.7

Exhaustion claimed my frame, and I slumped back, still feeling weak and dizzy. +

As I looked down at Beth, her tear-streaked face and the blood gushing from her nose, a wave of nausea washed over me. The sight of the aftermath of my punch made me feel sick, and a pang of guilt gnawed at my insides — but at the same time, I just wanted her to stop. And maybe I wanted to hurt her too — for what she did to me.1

With a weary sigh, I carefully climbed off Beth and sat next to her. Turning to Jenny, I said, "Help me get her up."+

Nodding as she stared at me with concern, she knelt down beside us, and together we lifted Beth into a seated position. I guided her head forward, my hand resting on her shoulder, feeling each sob that wracked her body.+

+


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

"Oh God," I uttered, recoiling in horror.5

She misunderstood my reaction. "Please. Please. You can't take him from me. I need him. You can't take him from me." Another sob wracked her body as she curled into herself, hugging her knees to her chest.11

I could only stare at her with wide, horrified eyes, still trying to come to terms with what she just told me. Surely she couldn't mean him.+

"Are you talking about Dylan Masters?" Who was I kidding — I knew it was him. I guess I was still holding out hope that it was some other Dylan I didn't know. Because if it was him, then I had a sinking feeling about how she ended up in this state.+

She gave a small, pathetic nod and my stomach dropped.+

I sat back, defeated as well as exhausted. This whole thing had quickly drained the last remnants of rest I had managed to get last night. 1

Just then, Jenny returned, holding an old towel and a water bottle. Crouching down beside us, she silently offered the towel and water to Beth, indicating that she should clean herself up. It was evident from the tense atmosphere around us that none of us were inclined to offer her any more help. No one trusted or liked her right now. 1

Beth slowly and hesitantly took the towel from Jenny, her movements careful and tentative as she dabbed at her face and neck, still hiccupping softly. She looked so small and fragile now that she was devoid of the feral anger that had possessed her just moments ago. Bruises were already beginning to darken her eyes, and, thankfully, her nose had stopped bleeding. Though, I suspected I had broken it.+

My own violence surprised me. I was self-aware enough to know that I was all bark and no bite. My mom, a devout churchgoer, had always taught me to avoid conflict and never to resort to physical aggression. Even when Jace and I had our occasional fights, we knew better than to get physical in front of our mom. Losing privileges like food was more than enough deterrent. I knew I was capable of it, I just didn't like doing it. And I certainly didn't like the aftermath of it.3

"I'm going to wait outside," Molly said, grumbling to herself as she walked out.+

Jenny looked back at me, leaning close to whisper, "What do you want to do? I don't think we need to restrain her, but if you don't want to be in the same room, then Amanda and I can handle her by ourselves," she cleared her throat, a hint of amusement crossing her expression, "That punch did all the heavy lifting. Don't worry, we'll tell the cops it was self-defense, but remind me not to get on your bad side."3

Her offer of support was sweet, and I was grateful for it, but I knew I couldn't keep running away. Beth had approached me twice before, and I still had no idea who was behind those threatening messages — and the only way I could find out was by talking to her.+

"No, it's okay. I need to speak to her."+

"Are you sure that's a good idea? We could barely get her off you just a few minutes ago — what if she snaps again?" She asked.+

"I'll be fine. She won't catch me off guard again, I mean — just look at her."+

Together, we turned our attention to Beth, who sat motionless, her gaze fixed on her bloody fingers grasping the towel with a desolate expression. This might be harder than I thought.1

"Okay, if you're sure." Jenny relented, getting up and stepping back to stand next to Amanda — who was uncharacteristically silent, standing with her arms crossed, a single finger tapping a rhythm against her arm. I wasn't certain how I felt about that, but I was going to ignore her for now.+

"Beth," I said, waiting for her to look at me, but the only indication I got that she was listening, was a subtle head turn. I decided to go on anyway. "Why did you think Dylan was here?"+

I was going to be honest — I didn't know where to start. I was still very confused about what had happened, and my head was spinning.+

"He isn't?" She mumbled.+

"No," I replied, my frown deepening. "He's never been here before."+

A sniffle escaped her, her voice barely above a whisper. "That can't be true. I know he's coming back here because he still loves you."9

"He still loves me?" No, that wasn't love — it was something darker, something twisted and suffocating. "That man doesn't know how to love anyone but himself. He's not here for me."+

"No," she whispered, shaking her head. "When Marcus hurt me, he saved me. He's not like you say he is. He's good. He's kind. He's... the only one who looks at me, who sees me for who I really am."7

I took everything in me not to scoff, but then my mind snagged on a certain name.+

"Did you say he saved you from Marcus? His best friend Marcus?"+

She froze up instantly, all her defenses visibly rising.+

"I don't want to talk about it."+

My stomach twisted as I read between the lines. Marcus had always been a creep, it was why I'd never been allowed to be alone with him — not because Dylan cared about me, but because he didn't like sharing, and he knew what Marcus was like. If he'd 'saved' Beth, it was because he wanted her.3

"Okay," I nodded gently, "We don't have to talk about it, but can I ask if you're Dylan's current girlfriend?"+

She buried her face in her knees, her voice muffled. "No. He's... my step-brother."161

I blinked, taken aback by the revelation. I vaguely recalled him mentioning that he had a sister, but she'd been in high school when we were dating. He also never really spoke about his family — so I didn't know he had a step-parent or step-sibling.+

"Is he why you approached me all those other times?" I asked, and then I pressed forward. "Were you the one sending all those messages on Instagram?"+

"What messages?" She mumbled.+

Next to me, Amanda tensed. The finger that had been tapping against her arm ceased its movement. Jenny, standing next to her, caught my glance and offered a supportive smile, but my heart had frozen from the realization. Brushing it off for now, I redirected my attention to Beth, taking a deep breath for strength.30

"So you haven't been following me?"+

She remained huddled, refusing to meet my gaze. After a few seconds of silence, she finally responded, "He talked to me a lot, you know —  even though I'm younger than him, and no one ever likes talking to me. But he does. He told me everything — he told me about you. He said you were different from the others. I'm a freshman at Dale now, and I could finally see what you were like. I wanted to see why he liked you so much."+


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

As soon as Beth laid eyes on them, it was like all the hope and fight drained from her body. She just seemed to give up and go quiet as the officers escorted her away, silent tears staining her cheeks as they half-carried her out the door. +

After she was put in the back of the police cab, the girls and I gave the two cops a breakdown of what happened. I made the deliberate choice to withhold information about the baby because I didn't think it was any of their business, and because a large part of me was scared that her parents wouldn't take it well if they found out — I'd never met them after all. I noticed that the others followed my cue and stayed quiet on that topic. However, I did disclose the truth about Dylan's abuse towards Beth, hoping that revealing this would make them more sympathetic towards her.+

But when I asked them if they were going to help her — because she really needed it —  the man just said that they would be contacting her parents to come get her, and that I was more than welcome to press charges if I still feared for my life. Alternatively, he recommended getting a restraining order.2

His words made it harder to watch them take her away. I felt a sharp pang of regret that the police were involved, especially since it seemed like the two officers perceived our situation as nothing more than a petty squabble between college girls over the same guy —  and that today had gotten a little out of hand. At least he said he'd talk to her about laying abuse charges against Dylan. Not that she would.3

The whole situation just felt hopeless.2

Jenny sidled up next to me as we watched the cops drive away from the front porch. "I can tell you're feeling guilty, but you shouldn't. She attacked you — you're the victim in all this. We did the right thing by calling the cops."1

Victim. There was that word again, and this time it was being directed at me. I understood why Tristan hated it so much.+

"Did we?" Because it didn't feel like it.+

"What else could we have done? We can't help someone who doesn't want help, and none of us are equipped to give her what she needs."+

She had a point. In fact, I only escaped Dylan's influence when I was forcefully removed and kept away from him. It was going to be a lot harder for her considering they were family. +

"I just feel like she's not going to get the help she needs," I said, rubbing my sore throat. "She still loves him. I couldn't get through to her."+

And I felt like I was letting myself down by not helping her. I felt like I owed it to my younger self to do something.+

"Maybe you did all you could, and maybe her parents will do something when they find out about this. She's probably going to the hospital soon and I'm pretty sure they'll do a psychiatric evaluation." She placed a hand on my shoulder. "Speaking of hospitals, we should head there now. Molly's getting antsy about possibly having rabies, and you're looking really pale."1

I went to nod, but the movement sent sharp pains through my head. "Sure. I'm ready whenever you are," I replied instead.5

With a kind smile, Jenny retreated back inside.+

The cop had recommended that we go get checked out at the hospital — especially because I'd hit my head and was dizzy and tired.  And then, surprisingly, Amanda offered to drive us to the hospital. I said nothing when the others agreed, avoiding a direct confrontation with her. 1

I was already dreading the phone call I was going to have to make to my dad considering I was on his medical insurance. Inevitably, he'd tell my mom — so I knew she'd be here as soon as she could come. I might as well bite the bullet and phone her myself. I sighed and tried to remember where I'd put my phone.1

"Shit," I muttered under my breath as I remembered where it was. I reached into my sweatpants' back pockets and retrieved it, groaning when I saw it.+

The screen was cracked and it wouldn't turn on. I'd have to ask one of the girls if I could borrow their phone to call my parents. 5

I sighed again. This day felt like it was only going to get worse.+

°•°•°•°+


      
  
    
        
    
    
      
        
        
      
    
   


I had a concussion. And a neck sprain.4

Thankfully, the doctor assured me that neither of my injuries were too severe. As long as I took it easy, avoided screens, and refrained from exerting myself, I would be fine. However, I was rapidly losing my voice, and the doctor warned me that by tomorrow, I probably wouldn't be able to talk at all. He mentioned that it could take up to two weeks for a full recovery, but I would likely regain my voice after a few days.3

Molly got her bite cleaned and received a rabies and tetanus shot despite the nurse's attempts to assure her it wasn't necessary. Currently, she was waiting outside with Jenny and Amanda, while my mother hovered inside the hospital room with me. I hadn't had the chance to speak with them yet.6

"Are you sure she should be taking these? I don't really trust these sorts of things — they weren't made by the Lord. Only big, greedy corporations who want to get people addicted to them. Is there a risk she'll become addicted if she takes them?" My mother asked, causing a visible twitch in the nurse's eye.12

My mother had steadily been getting on her every nerve, but props to her —  she kept her cool.+

"Not if she takes them responsibly, and not for a long period of time," The nurse reassured my mother as she finished checking up on my IV bag.+

"Mom," I croaked, prompting her to look at me. "They're just pain meds. I'll be fine."+

She pursed her lips, turning her attention back to where I sat on the hospital bed. The burnt orange cardigan she wore made her look like a pumpkin. And today, her hair was pinned back into a painfully tight bun.+


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                            3

I ran through the hospital's main doors, my heart pounding painfully against my chest as I scanned the area for any sign of Hannah. 2

Did I know I wouldn't find her here? Yeah. But that didn't stop me from looking.+

I'd just finished lunch with my parents when I got the call from Matthew. Whatever-the-fuck-her-name-was had called him to let him know what happened, and he'd thought I should know — but all he'd been able to tell me was that some crazy chick had attacked Hannah and that she was at this hospital. 9

The entire drive here, while breaking enough speed limits to put me on the FBI's watch list, I was terrified that she'd been hurt because of me. What if I had another stalker? What if the new stalker had seen her with me and hurt her because of it? And how badly was she hurt?2

My mind kept racing to the worst possible scenarios while I drove, and I kept picturing her sleeping face from this morning. When I'd left, she was fine, she was safe. Should I have stayed? Now the regret and guilt ate at me, and I could only blame myself.  I should have picked up on the signs sooner, should have been more aware of my surroundings.+

But that's the thing — there were none of the usual signs. Surely I would have noticed if someone was following me again? 1

Everything in my apartment was just as I had left it. There were no consistent, weird messages from unknown numbers on my personal phone. My car was untouched. No one showed up at the stadium during practice, and my family hadn't reported any harassment—except... there were those messages Hannah mentioned. She'd said it was from one of my fans.2

Now, she was hurt, and I couldn't shake the feeling that I should have taken those messages more seriously. I had been confident that I would have noticed if it was anything more than what she'd dismissed it as. I'd been lax with her safety and now she was paying for it.1

And yet, I couldn't bring myself to stay away. Right now, the thought of letting her out of my sight was unbearable — I couldn't fathom staying away from her, not even for a moment. Whether she liked it or not, she was stuck with me.1

The lady behind the reception desk, clad in blue scrubs with her white-blonde hair neatly pulled back, peered up at me with large black framed glasses as I approached. Her eyes widened in recognition as she took me in.+

"Can I help you?" she inquired.+

"Yeah, I'm looking for someone — she was admitted a couple of hours ago. Hannah Walker?" I said, tapping my finger impatiently on the raised desk.+

She nodded, her gaze returning to her keyboard as she began typing. "Do you know the room number or have any information about the patient's condition?"+

I hesitated, realizing they might not let me see her without proper details. But honesty was my only option. "No, I don't. I just know she's here."+

She nodded again, adjusting her glasses. "And are you a family member or a friend of the patient?"+

I braced myself, then exhaled slowly. "No," I admitted, gathering my resolve. "I'm her... boyfriend."19

The words felt weighty, carrying a sense of commitment and responsibility I'd previously been terrified of. But as soon as they left my mouth the rush they gave me nearly knocked me sideways. I liked the sound of them. I was Hannah's boyfriend, and I wouldn't settle for anything less until she agreed. I was also relentless and I never gave up — I'd get Hannah on board eventually.1

"Very well, Mr Beckett. While I recognize you, if you could kindly provide me with some identification, I'll gladly assist you in locating her room." She smiled warmly, awaiting my response.+

After digging out my ID and signing some forms, I followed the lady's directions to the Observation Unit, my eyes scanning the halls and rooms I passed for a familiar blonde head.+

Suddenly, I halted in my tracks at the sight of another familiar blonde head. Sitting on one of the waiting chairs, eyes glued to the Switch in his hands, was none other than Hannah's younger brother, Jason. He was wearing loose shorts and a T-shirt with the number twelve on it. The room in front of him was closed, and the window blinds were closed, preventing me from being able to see inside. Bypassing the room reluctantly, I headed over to where he was.+

"Jace," I called out.+

Jason's head shot up at the sound of my voice, his eyes widening in surprise as he recognized me. +

"Oh, hey, Tristan." His face immediately split into a friendly grin and he stood up.1

He'd been to a couple of my games this season, and I liked him a lot. He reminded me of my younger self — back when I was more carefree and all I cared about was playing ball.+

"Hey, Bud. Is Hannah inside?" I asked, casting a glance at the closed door.+

He laughed humorlessly. "Yup. She's with our parents right now. They kicked me out, so I know they're arguing right now. Can't say I envy her."+

I frowned at that. It pissed me off to think that while Hannah was possibly injured, her parents were preoccupied with their own bullshit.  Based on what Hannah had shared about them, I suspected I wouldn't have an easy time getting along with either of them. Still, considering they would eventually be my family, I knew I had to tread carefully and make a good impression, especially with her mother.21

"How is she?" I asked.+

He winced, sending a wave of unease through me. Then, he said, "Have you ever seen the exorcist?"1

It took me a second, but a hint of humor stirred within me, breaking through the tension in my body. Smirking, I said, "Better not let her catch you saying that, or she might go all exorcist on your ass."2

"Story of my life," he scoffed, laughing lightly.4

He joked, but beneath the humor, I caught a glimpse of genuine concern and love for his sister. I also saw it every time they interacted. They must have been a tight-knit duo growing up, and I had a feeling he played a significant role in helping her cope with their mother's behavior. I knew he was the main reason she put up with their mother.+

I sobered. "How hurt is she?"+

He met my gaze and answered seriously, "She's going to be okay. She has a mild concussion, and... her neck is pretty bad from being strangled. I couldn't see the damage because her whole neck has been bandaged, but she's starting to lose her voice."+

I absorbed everything he said in cool silence, anger beginning to replace the initial terror.+

"Do you know anything about the girl who did this to her?"+

+


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

By the time I got to my mother's house, I was ready to just finish what Beth started and strangle myself to death. My entire day had just been one long nightmare. Scratch that, my entire week.5

I had to come clean to my parents about the whole situation, and needless to say, it didn't go smoothly. My mom was furious, especially when she found out it was all because of Dylan.+

And that led to another round of interrogation where my mother accused me of consorting with him again. I hated having to defend myself when I could barely talk, and the meds were making my head woozy. At least my dad finally saw sense and started interfering by trying to calm my mother down. And then that led to another hour of listening to them bicker and snipe at each other.6

Eventually, my mother had to step away, and she left the room with a dark cloud trailing after her. She said something to someone as she opened the door and stepped out, but she shut the door before I could hear the other person's reply. I thought I heard a man's voice, but my dad drew my attention when he asked me how I was doing.2

I told him I was ready to leave. He'd just nodded and grabbed the clipboard the nurse had left to finish filling in all the forms, asking me questions occasionally.+

After we finally left, my mother almost wouldn't let me stop by my house to grab some things. After another round of arguing, I got her to agree to a quick stop. She stood guard over me while Jace helped me carry what I needed to the car. And then she almost had a meltdown when I told Jenny that I'd be back to get the rest of my things as soon as I felt better.5

I decided I'd wait for her to calm down before breaching the subject again.+

When we finally got to my mom's house, Jace had to help me out of the car and into to the house. My steps were sluggish, and my eyes were drooping as the meds coursed through my system. Jace even had to help me up the stairs and into my bed. I could only give him a barely audible thanks.1

After he helped settle me in bed, weirdly, he walked over to my window to fiddle with the latch. I assumed he was just making sure it was locked because he knew how my mother was anal about these things. I couldn't bring myself to care as I slipped into a numb, dreamless sleep.31

°•°•°•°+


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

I woke up groggy and unable to speak. The pain pills had finally worn off — which was probably why I'd woken up.+

Through the white transparent curtains framing my window, I could see it was night — but the full moon made it difficult to gauge the time. I slowly and carefully turned to look at the clock next to my bed, seeing that it was one in the morning. I could've taken more pills and gone back to bed, but I had something I wanted to do while I was a bit more clear-headed.+

It took me a while, but I managed to get out of bed and onto unsteady feet. My head was still pounding, and now my back felt stiff as I tried to move around, using the moonlight to navigate my old bedroom. Ignoring the persistent ache in my head and back, I made my way to my desk, where my laptop lay tucked away in its bag. I pulled it out and switched it on as I sat on the small swivel chair.1

First thing in order was to gather information. And to do that I had to start with Dylan.+

For the next thirty minutes, I browsed through all of his social profiles and anywhere I could find mention of him. I was trying to find any information on his and Beth's parents, but all he ever did was post misogynistic shit. I noticed that a lot of it was about how women should be subservient and obedient towards men. Just as I was about to give up hope, I found an old image of his parents and him when he was about six years old at his school soccer game. Even at that age, he looked like a little asshole with that smirk.4

My focus shifted to his mother, standing behind him with a hand resting gently on his shoulder — and taking note of her small frame, and delicate appearance. She wasn't necessarily a short woman, but you could see she had a habit of slouching over to make herself smaller. And the clothes she wore drowned her willowy silhouette. Dark like her son's, yet possessing a depth of emotion that transcended the photograph, her eyes seemed to speak volumes about the pain and sorrow she carried within her.+

I recognized that sadness — it came from a lifetime of repression and lack of control. I saw it in the girl I used to be.1

It disturbed me as I realized she was most likely the reason why Dylan always went for that specific type of woman. Freud would have had a field day with him.2

With a forlorn sigh, I began my search for his parents' details. Something told me to search for obituaries with his last name in the area he grew up in. And sure enough, I recognized his mother's picture as soon as I saw it. The obituary was long and filled with flattering words only — no mention of her struggles. But I got the gist of it.2

Evelyn Rachel Masters. Died eleven years ago at the age of thirty, leaving behind her young son, Dylan Masters, and her husband, Harrison Masters.+

I scrolled further down to look for her cause of death, but all it said was that she "passed away unexpectedly".+

Now that I had her full name, I used it to find any information on her that I could find. And I finally got what I was looking for when a local article came up. Scanning through it, my eyes caught on the word "suicide" and my heart froze in my chest.+

Evelyn Masters committed suicide.+

Hannah Walker committed suicide.17

I stared at the screen blindly as the coldness continued to spread through my body, giving rise to goosebumps and whole-body shivers. Minutes passed before I found the strength to leave that article — and afterwards, in the somber silence that followed, I found myself mourning the passing of a woman I had never known.+

Maybe it was the stark realization of how closely her struggles mirrored my own, or maybe it was because the sadness that had been present in her lifeless gaze had hit too close to home for comfort.+


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                            2

I could only try and slow my swing, but having the reflexes of a quarterback saved him. His hand shot out, grasping the thicker part of the bat, and probably saving any future children he wanted.10

"You're very trigger happy, aren't you?" He laughed breathlessly, and I think I heard a hint of fear in his voice. "I'm attacked every time I surprise you."+

I gaped at him, eyes wide as my heart continued to thump against my ribs. What was he thinking coming here at this time of night without telling me? 1

Still holding the bat, he climbed the rest of the way in, and the curtain fell closed behind him, rippling from a soft breeze. Standing tall, he looked down at me, his gaze sweeping over every inch of my body before settling on my neck with a visible tightening of his jaw. The sight of him brought so many emotions I'd been suppressing in the chaos of yesterday. Tears welled up in my eyes as I released my grip on the bat, rushing forward to collide against his chest. My cheek pressed against his heart as my arms wound around his waist. I didn't care about the ache in my neck.11

I felt the hitch in his breath betraying his surprise before he gently propped the bat against the shelf next to my window. And then he wrapped his arms around me, enveloping my completely as he squeezed me to him. I closed my eyes, inhaling deeply — needing him like I needed my next breath.1

In his arms, the tears came freely, soaking the front of his shirt as he simply held me in a comfortable silence, rubbing my back and softly combing the tangles from my hair while I cried. I cried because of everything that had happened, but mainly because I'd missed him.+

My hands fisted the material at his lower back as I pressed even closer to him, greedy for that abundant warmth he always had. It seeped into my bones, taking the ache and cold away, and with it, the tension that was coiled tight down my back was gone. In his embrace, I melted and found my strength again.2

"Babe, let me see you."2

I softly shook my head against him, sniffling and tightening my grip around him and his shirt. I wasn't ready to let go yet.+

"Hannah, we need to talk. Well, I need to talk — I know you can't."+

I frowned at that. How could he know? In fact, how did he know where to find me? And then it clicked when I remembered Jace's odd behavior with my window latch. Which meant him and Tristan had spoken. Why didn't he tell me?+

But now I wanted to know what Tristan had to say after going through all this effort. Reluctantly, I loosened my grip on his shirt and leaned back, wiping my eyes with my sleeve. The movement sent a jolt of pain through me, and Tristan must have seen it because he grabbed my wrist, holding it away from my face. His finger pressed under my chin, gently lifting my face to see my neck. It was bandaged, but there was a visible bruise peeking out from the top. It was dark and angry-looking, and it probably looked worse than it actually felt.+

"I know you can't speak, but did she hurt you because of me?"+

The pain in his eyes made me soften, and I gave him a slight shake of my head. I could see why he had that fear and it broke my heart. Was he ever scared she'd come back?2

He seemed only slightly relieved. His thumb stroked my jaw. "Are you in a lot of pain?"2

I thought about lying and saying no — but I was tired of all the lies. I gave him a small nod. Upon seeing that, he bent down to pick me up, arm under my knees and around my waist. Instinctively, I wrapped my arms around his neck and because he held me high in his grip, it didn't hurt to wrap them around him. He moved towards my bed, using the moonlight to find it.1

With his gorgeous face right in front of me, I couldn't help but release one arm so that I could run my fingers through his soft waves, down his cheeks and along his jaw, inching my fingers up to his lips. He turned his head to look at me briefly and our eyes caught. It was intense and all those feelings of missing and loving him came bubbling up. +

I had no control over my actions as I leaned forward to kiss him. It was a soft, close-mouthed kiss that stopped him in his tracks, but I knew it told him what I couldn't voice aloud. 2

We stayed like that for several intimate seconds before our lips parted as our foreheads pressed together. I cupped his cheek, stroking his skin with my thumb. +

"I missed you too. I know it hasn't been long since we last saw each other, but I missed this. I missed us." He rubbed my nose with his.+

I wished I could tell him that I thought the same. He'd been the person I wanted to first run to when all this happened. +

He lowered me onto my back on the edge of the twin bed, looking at my lamp next to the bed. "Can I switch this on? Will it wake your mom?"2

Instead of answering I reached for the switch and turned it on. Her room was downstairs because she didn't like the stairs at night. I would hear her coming up the stairs before she would catch us. When the soft light filled the room, he carefully laid down on his side next to me. He propped himself up on his elbow and rested his head on his hand, gazing down at me. His other hand slid up my thigh to rest on my stomach under my shirt. I was hyper aware of the warmth of his hand, and how I wanted that warmth all over me.+

His eyes found my neck again and he asked, "Who did this to you?" 10

I don't think he was really expecting an answer but I reached for the hand on my stomach and lifted his palm so that both of us could see it. And then, using my finger, I spelled out Dylan's name, and Tristan's eyes followed every movement.+

"And is he the reason you won't press charges against the girl?"+

I was surprised he knew that, but I nodded.+

"Did he do the same thing to her that he did to you?"+

I nodded again, sobering as I wondered if maybe she got the short end of the stick. It almost seemed like he got worse after I left. As I went to lower my hand, Tristan caught it, intertwining our fingers and bringing our hands to his lips. His kiss was gentle, but I could feel the tension in his touch, the anger simmering just beneath his skin.+

Surprisingly, he changed the subject, his voice lighter now. "I told my parents about you. They can't wait to meet you."6

I tensed, my breath seizing in my chest. I had to be hearing things, because no way did he say what I think he did. This was a step I wasn't expecting to reach any time soon. Or ever, if I were being completely honest. +

He smirked when he saw my expression. "I spent the whole lunch telling them about you. My mom was ready to come find you herself when I was done."+

That was really sweet and all, but the real question was — what did he tell her? Did he say anything bad? I needed every detail and not being able to ask them was driving me crazy. He was a man — men said things without thinking, and what if he'd dropped a particularly bad titbit about me that he found endearing? I groaned internally. This was one of my worst nightmares — having a mother-in-law who hated me. I could only hope he'd given them a good enough impression. It would suck if his mom wanted to find me so that she could warn me off her son. 10


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                            1

When I woke up the next morning, Tristan was gone, but this time he left a note saying he'd be back again tonight. I think I reread the note a hundred times over the course of the day — because I missed him, but also because I was still trying to wrap my head around us being a couple.2

During the day, communication was a challenge with my broken phone so I had no way of talking to him — but on the other hand, my mother tolerated Bailey enough to let her call my mom's phone to talk to me. I texted while she spoke, but unfortunately, I couldn't tell her anything because my mom would definitely read the messages. Bailey understood that without me having to say anything and promised to visit soon. I really needed to ask my dad for a new one.+

My mother had me drinking gallons of ginger tea. I was starting to hate the taste, but even I had to admit that it helped with the inflammation. Most of the time I was in my room watching something on my laptop, with the occasional interruption by my mother bringing me more tea. Jace was back to school so I only saw him in the evenings when he came to bug me. He did that sibling thing where he'd randomly walk into my room, stare at me, hang around, or turn and leave. We even had a couple of movie nights together.24

Besides that, I was left waiting for Tristan. It was hard to keep the anticipation at bay every night when I counted the minutes until he'd be here. I made sure not to take any of my meds before his visit, wanting to be fully present when I was with him. However, this time before he came, I laid out a notebook and pen to write if needed.+

One night, Tristan decided to explore my room — all the while asking me yes and no questions about everything. It was fun lying on my side, watching as he examined each item with care. Sometimes his observations shocked me — like when he found my old childhood teddy bear and remarked on how clean and intact it was, nearly perfect. And then he correctly guessed that it was because of my mom, who never let me get any of my toys dirty or broken. My dolls were in the same pristine condition.1

He added that his sister's dolls were all brutally killed off — some by decapitation, some because they were too ugly to keep existing and required a Viking funeral to be sent off. Their parents weren't too happy with them when they accidentally set the whole trash bin on fire.8

It made me feel vulnerable on a level I hadn't before, but I liked it too. I loved his open curiosity about my life, even the sadder parts of it. It would be a lot to unpack and work through, and I promised myself I would tell him everything, even the things I tried not to remember, but not right now. We had the rest of our lives for that, right?5

Inevitably, he'd climb into bed with me, pressing close because it was only a twin bed, but neither of us had any more complaints. We always slept plastered together anyway, one of my legs always thrown over him. That didn't mean I never missed his giant bed, or at the very least, my bed. There was just something about a big bed and a man who knew what to do on it.1

Sometimes I'd write questions in the notebook, and he'd patiently answer all of them. Other times, he'd just kiss and touch me, but they were innocent gestures, and the kisses never escalated into anything else because he didn't want to risk hurting me. While I missed the sex, and being petted every night wasn't helping things, I found myself enjoying just listening to him talk.2

Whereas before, having him open up about his trauma was rare, now he answered all my questions honestly, even telling me things I never thought to ask him. It wasn't always easy for him. Sometimes, I could sense his reluctance, and part of me wanted him to stop — to spare him from reliving painful memories before he was ready, but he pushed through, determined to keep his promise to me.+

He spoke about his team and the struggles he faced with them, about his insecurities and fears. And he went into even more detail about his stalker, about all his previous running-ins with her, as well as, how she harrassed him for months before the incident. He went into detail about his parents, sharing stories that gave me more of an insight into his relationship with them.7

Half a week into our nightly sleepovers, I was lying on my back, legs thrown over his bent knees as he lay on his side, curled around me. I could feel him breathing against me, and it made me feel aware of him in a way I'd never felt with anyone. Who knew that the sound of Tristan's breathing would become my favorite sound? No, wait — his laugh was my favorite. But I also liked when he sang. And his sex noises...5

I smiled to myself — shaking my head slightly to clear my wandering thoughts.+

Lifting my pen to the paper, I wrote the final question that had been plaguing me:+

What happened to her? Aren't you ever worried she'll come back?+

He read the words and went silent, somber even. And then he kissed my forehead, simply saying, "No. She won't be coming back."+

I frowned at that vague answer, wanting to know how he was so certain. The woman he'd described to me seemed dangerous, and by my logic, there was no reason she wouldn't return.+

"She died three months after the incident. She had an inoperable brain tumor."48

My eyes rounded and I quickly turned my head to meet his eyes. She was dead?+

It took a few long seconds for the information to sink in, but then it started to make sense. When I thought about Tristan's past behavior, he'd acted way too reckless and careless to be worried about her return. Sure, he'd been wary about the messages, but even then, he believed me when I said it was just an overzealous fan.+

He continued, "Her parents sent me an email through my lawyer to tell me what happened. In the three months after she'd tried to... " He paused, pulling me closer, "I hardly slept, I couldn't concentrate, I couldn't eat — and when I did sleep, I was woken up by fucked-up nightmares. I tried to hide it, and for the most part, I succeeded by moving into my new place on my own." +

His hand settled on my stomach under my shirt, a place it often returned to. "But when I got that email, all I could feel was relief. I think I took my first deep breath right then, and it was like this weight had been eased. But it never fully went away. I stopped drinking because a part of me blamed the alcohol. And I stopped the excess partying because maybe I shouldn't have been so out of control in the first place."+

I placed my hand on his, a small comforting gesture that I knew he appreciated because he turned his hand over and interlaced our fingers, stroking my skin with his thumb.+

"I felt like the biggest piece of shit after being relieved by the news of her death, but as twisted as it sounds, things did get easier after. I threw myself into football, thinking that if I could just focus on my future, I could bury the past. If I could just achieve all my goals, I would live up to the name Tristan Beckett — because to be Tristan Beckett is to be perfect. But being that man isn't all it's cracked up to be," he admitted, chuckling dryly. "To live up to that name, I couldn't afford to show any weaknesses or slack off in any way. I had a role I needed to play — there was no room for things like fear or... love."+


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

Receiving a response from Noel, Beth's mother, was a moment I had both anticipated and dreaded, but it finally arrived on the sixth day of my confinement — just as I'd finished corresponding with my advisor. I opened the email, my heart racing with a mix of hope and anxiety, but that quickly turned to disappointment as I read her words.+

Dear Miss Walker,+

Thank you for reaching out and sharing your concerns.+

I have taken the time to consider the situation involving my daughter and my stepson. It is a delicate matter that requires careful handling and after thoughtful deliberation, I have decided to address this issue directly with my husband.2

Sincerely,+

Noel Masters+

Vice Principal at Riverview High School+

As I read and reread Noel's email, each word seemed to chip away at that hope I had been holding onto, leaving behind only defeat. Slamming my laptop shut, I got up to pace my room. I didn't know what to do, and now I feared I might have made things worse. I couldn't see how this situation could possibly favor Beth if Dylan's dad was the one making all the decisions. Guilt gnawed at me, and I rubbed my hands over my face, barely resisting an angry yell.+

Should I respond to Noel's email? What could I possibly say that would make a difference? And most importantly, did this mean I had to press charges? I was not looking forward to that whole process. +

Maybe I needed to talk to someone, like a lawyer? Or maybe my dad — because I certainly wasn't going to tell my mother first. She'd just make things worse, and would probably do so by sending Beth's mom a not-so-nice email. Or maybe I'd speak to Tristan tonight. Perhaps he'd have some advice or solutions.+

Glancing at the clock, I realized that I still had some time before his expected visit — probably even longer if I took into account that it was game day today. With a weary sigh, I stopped pacing and sank onto my bed, feeling overwhelmed by the weight of the situation. My eyes slid shut and I just breathed through the tight ball of panic nestled deep in my belly. 1

Everything was going to be fine.1

°•°•°•°+


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                            2

I chose to skip the after-party and head straight to her after the game. And even though I was MVP this time around — a huge difference from last week's game — the guys still understood when I told them I'd be going to Hannah. They were just happy to have me back to my old self, and they knew it was my last week with her, so no one begrudged me for the time I spent with her.2

I was very conscious of the fact that we were running out of time, but I tried not to let it get to my head. I was already planning to catch a flight down to Manhattan for a weekend, probably after giving her a week to settle in. I'd convince her to stay at a hotel with me because her having roommates sometimes got in the way of... things. And considering it would be the first time I'd have my girlfriend all to myself without the looming threat of her mother possibly discovering us — I was gonna use the whole weekend to fuck her deaf, blind, and dumb.21

Which reminded me, I needed to stock up on more condoms. We were constantly running out, and our solution was to just forgo them, which was okay considering both of us were clean and she was on the pill, but we still needed to discuss whether we wanted to throw out the condoms altogether or not. We could make those kinds of decisions now because we were in a relationship. The thought made me grin.2

Never in a million years did I think I'd bag Hoodie Girl, and yet, here we were — here I was, driving two hours to see a girl I was only going to sleep with — in the boring way. Well, not boring. I'd still always choose to be next to her because that's how I slept best. She was a natural cuddler and gravitated towards me because she was always cold. And I liked having at least one arm curled around her at all times, almost like she was my pillow. I also liked waking up to that smell — strawberries and vanilla. It was like Crack to me.6

I finally got to her house, pulling up just a little ways from it, half hidden by some person's hedge. I switched off the engine, climbing out and locking up before jogging over to her place. Her window was on the second floor but I didn't do all of those pull-ups for nothing. I scaled the side of the house as quietly as I could, grabbing onto the edge of the window frame and pulling myself up with one hand while my other pushed the window open. And then I pulled myself into her room. +

She wasn't there, but her bedside lamp was on and her door was left slightly ajar so I assumed she was in the bathroom. +

Rolling my right shoulder as I righted myself and stepped further into her room, I almost wished I'd brought an ice pack with me. I'd taken a particularly hard hit in the last quarter and it was aching, especially after that climb. Other areas of my body ached too, but I was still too wired to go to sleep right now. I always had crazy amounts of energy after a game; it was only the next day that I truly felt the effects.+

Glancing around me, I smiled when I noticed her room was a lot messier than it had been at the beginning of her stay. It wasn't anything too crazy, but she had a habit of stripping off her clothes and draping them over the nearest piece of furniture, including her bed — where a pair of dark blue panties lay on top. +

My curiosity was piqued. I was only ever taking them off, so I'd never actually taken the time to really examine a pair.2

My pinky finger hooked into the waistband, and I lifted them to eye level. All of the edges had short darker blue lace ruffles and they were so small I struggled to comprehend how they covered anything. Rubbing the material between my fingers, I mused over how soft they were despite how impractical they seemed. 4

Just then Hannah stepped back into the room holding a glass of milk. She looked at me and then at what I was holding and I realized what it looked like.+

"This isn't what it looks like — I'm not trying to sniff them or anything. I was just looking," I rushed to say, wincing when I realized that wasn't any less creepy. "I mean..."2


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                            3

"Shhh," I murmured, kissing the soft skin of her bare shoulder as my finger circled her needy clit.12

She trembled, panting through her nose as my other hand covered her mouth. It still did little to silence the little moans and whimpers she let out against my palm as I teased her dripping-wet pussy with my fingers.1

We were both on our sides, her back pressed to my chest as my cock throbbed painfully against her ass, separated only by the material of my boxers. I was trying to keep some semblance of control, instead of mounting her like an animal, something my instincts were pushing me to do. I had to constantly remind myself to keep things under a certain noise level — especially as I wondered if her mother owned a shotgun.7

My lips traced the graceful arch of her neck, pressing a gentle kiss to her pulse as I buried my middle and ring fingers deep inside her. Her hand shot to my wrist when my palm grazed her clit, adding pressure as her hips bucked into my hold.+

"Am I being a good boyfriend yet?" I asked, smirking when she nipped one of my fingers with her teeth.3

Using the two fingers buried inside her, I dragged her ass back into me, molding her curves to my frame and squeezing her close. Almost immediately, she arched into me, rocking her perfect little ass against my cock and drawing a pained groan from me.1

Chuckling hoarsely, I said, "You just can't wait, can you? You're practically begging me to fuck you right now." 4

My thumb found her swollen clit, rubbing firmly as I pushed my cock into her ass. "But don't worry — every second away from you, not seeing you, hearing you, touching you — nearly ruined me, Hannah. I don't think you understand just how much I've come to need you. More than you could ever need me. It fucking terrifies me."+

Her hand lifted to pull mine from her mouth, allowing her to say, "It's nice not to be the only one."+

She turned her head to look at me, and when those blue eyes, dark with pleasure, peered into mine, I couldn't hold back, and I leaned forward to kiss her. I quickly lost myself in the taste of her, embracing the rush of pure insanity as her lips parted for me and my tongue swept inside to swallow all of her sweet moans. It was wet, and it was hot, and I would never get enough of her.+

But soon enough, we needed to come up for air, so I reluctantly pulled back, keeping my forehead pressed against hers as I closed my eyes to try and regain some of my sanity. It would be really bad if I lost control here.+

"Tristan?"+

My eyes opened, locking with hers. +

"I've missed you. I don't think I've said that yet, but being away from you was hard for me too. You were the only one I wanted to go to when everything was happening."4

Fuck. Now there was no turning back. She was mine — and God save any bastard who tried to take her from me. 1

Removing my hand from between her thighs, I moved away to quickly yank off my boxers, tossing them next to my shirt. And then I grabbed the strip of condoms on her bedside table, turning back to face her. She was sitting up now, lips swollen and cheeks flushed as the blankets pooled around her waist. Her perky tits hogged all of my attention — her nipples playing peek-a-boo behind strands of long, golden hair. It gave me a dark satisfaction knowing I would be the only man to ever see her like this. Well, I was the only one that mattered.3

"Just so you know — you're not getting any sleep tonight. I plan on reacquainting myself with every inch of your body while we make up for lost time."+

She laughed, grinning. "I've had more than enough sleep lately,." Her eyes followed my every movement as I returned to her.+

She gasped when I ripped the blankets off her, crawling over her naked body and forcing her flat on her back again. I stopped to bend down and take a dusky nipple into my mouth, sucking hard as my tongue swirled around the hard bead. Her back arched off the bed as her thighs spread wide for me, settling around my hips. Switching to the other nipple, I lavished it with the same attention I gave the first, making her moan as her fingers buried themselves in my hair.1

Her nipple popped out my mouth as I lifted my head to look at her. "Babe, you have to be quiet or you're gonna get us caught. At the very least, we'll traumatize Jace."8

"I'm trying, but just so you know, a tornado could sweep through and he'd never notice," she whispered. But then her eyes rounded slightly. "Wait, I know what to do."+

Placing her hands on my chest, she pushed me off her, far enough for her to turn over and present her gorgeous ass to me. She arched her back, pressing her chest flat to the bed as she pulled the pillow down to her face, obviously intending to use it to muffle any noises she made.2

"Better?" She glanced over her shoulder at me, smirking.+

Suddenly I was the one who'd lost the ability to talk. Like bees to honey, my hands found her ass, squeezing and massaging the soft flesh. My dick jerked as soon as I touched her, aching to be inside her already.+

"Much better. Let's just hope we don't break the bed," I grunted as I rolled the latex down my length.+

Her head popped up and she glanced back at me with a warning look. "Tristan Beckett — if you dare break this bed, you will explain to my mother what happened."2

"Don't worry. I'll be careful." Sort of.+

"Why don't I believe you?" she muttered, wiggling her ass as she got comfortable.+

I chuckled, choosing not to answer as I threw the condom wrapper onto my shirt so that I'd remember to take it with me when I left. Fisting my dick, I moved closer to her again, and rubbed the head against the soft skin of her right ass cheek.  +

My other hand spread her open while I guided my cock to her entrance, notching the tip firmly against her. Pressing forward, I stopped when only the tip was inside, groaning at the tight warmth that greeted me. She moaned into the pillow, the sound muffled. Easing more of my cock into her, I pushed until I was halfway, pausing to let her get used to my size. +

While I waited for her to adjust, my hand stroked her smooth skin, running over the soft globes of her ass and up the curve of her spine. The higher I went, the more of my cock eased into her — filling her until finally I was buried to a hilt in her tight, perfect pussy. It felt like heaven wrapped sweetly and snugly around me. 1

Straightening up, my hands moved to her hips, grasping them firmly as I rolled my hips, slow and lazy at first, enjoying the sensation of her gripping and rippling around me. Hannah's hands squeezed the pillow in a death grip as she rocked back into me. +

She was so fucking beautiful. And so fucking mine.3

"Fuck yes," I groaned, driving back in and filling her in one stroke. "I missed this."+

Every night without her had kept me up with dreams of this, of being with her. I found myself reaching for her several times a night, an uncomfortable emptiness taking root each time I remembered she was gone. She thought I was driving here every night to prove something to her, but it was actually because I needed it. I needed to have her back in my arms — especially knowing we might not have another chance for a while.1


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                            1

When I woke up the next morning, Tristan was gone, but this time he left a note saying he'd be back again tonight. I think I reread the note a hundred times over the course of the day — because I missed him, but also because I was still trying to wrap my head around us being a couple.2

During the day, communication was a challenge with my broken phone so I had no way of talking to him — but on the other hand, my mother tolerated Bailey enough to let her call my mom's phone to talk to me. I texted while she spoke, but unfortunately, I couldn't tell her anything because my mom would definitely read the messages. Bailey understood that without me having to say anything and promised to visit soon. I really needed to ask my dad for a new one.+

My mother had me drinking gallons of ginger tea. I was starting to hate the taste, but even I had to admit that it helped with the inflammation. Most of the time I was in my room watching something on my laptop, with the occasional interruption by my mother bringing me more tea. Jace was back to school so I only saw him in the evenings when he came to bug me. He did that sibling thing where he'd randomly walk into my room, stare at me, hang around, or turn and leave. We even had a couple of movie nights together.24

Besides that, I was left waiting for Tristan. It was hard to keep the anticipation at bay every night when I counted the minutes until he'd be here. I made sure not to take any of my meds before his visit, wanting to be fully present when I was with him. However, this time before he came, I laid out a notebook and pen to write if needed.+

One night, Tristan decided to explore my room — all the while asking me yes and no questions about everything. It was fun lying on my side, watching as he examined each item with care. Sometimes his observations shocked me — like when he found my old childhood teddy bear and remarked on how clean and intact it was, nearly perfect. And then he correctly guessed that it was because of my mom, who never let me get any of my toys dirty or broken. My dolls were in the same pristine condition.1

He added that his sister's dolls were all brutally killed off — some by decapitation, some because they were too ugly to keep existing and required a Viking funeral to be sent off. Their parents weren't too happy with them when they accidentally set the whole trash bin on fire.8

It made me feel vulnerable on a level I hadn't before, but I liked it too. I loved his open curiosity about my life, even the sadder parts of it. It would be a lot to unpack and work through, and I promised myself I would tell him everything, even the things I tried not to remember, but not right now. We had the rest of our lives for that, right?5

Inevitably, he'd climb into bed with me, pressing close because it was only a twin bed, but neither of us had any more complaints. We always slept plastered together anyway, one of my legs always thrown over him. That didn't mean I never missed his giant bed, or at the very least, my bed. There was just something about a big bed and a man who knew what to do on it.1

Sometimes I'd write questions in the notebook, and he'd patiently answer all of them. Other times, he'd just kiss and touch me, but they were innocent gestures, and the kisses never escalated into anything else because he didn't want to risk hurting me. While I missed the sex, and being petted every night wasn't helping things, I found myself enjoying just listening to him talk.2

Whereas before, having him open up about his trauma was rare, now he answered all my questions honestly, even telling me things I never thought to ask him. It wasn't always easy for him. Sometimes, I could sense his reluctance, and part of me wanted him to stop — to spare him from reliving painful memories before he was ready, but he pushed through, determined to keep his promise to me.+

He spoke about his team and the struggles he faced with them, about his insecurities and fears. And he went into even more detail about his stalker, about all his previous running-ins with her, as well as, how she harrassed him for months before the incident. He went into detail about his parents, sharing stories that gave me more of an insight into his relationship with them.7

Half a week into our nightly sleepovers, I was lying on my back, legs thrown over his bent knees as he lay on his side, curled around me. I could feel him breathing against me, and it made me feel aware of him in a way I'd never felt with anyone. Who knew that the sound of Tristan's breathing would become my favorite sound? No, wait — his laugh was my favorite. But I also liked when he sang. And his sex noises...5

I smiled to myself — shaking my head slightly to clear my wandering thoughts.+

Lifting my pen to the paper, I wrote the final question that had been plaguing me:+

What happened to her? Aren't you ever worried she'll come back?+

He read the words and went silent, somber even. And then he kissed my forehead, simply saying, "No. She won't be coming back."+

I frowned at that vague answer, wanting to know how he was so certain. The woman he'd described to me seemed dangerous, and by my logic, there was no reason she wouldn't return.+

"She died three months after the incident. She had an inoperable brain tumor."48

My eyes rounded and I quickly turned my head to meet his eyes. She was dead?+

It took a few long seconds for the information to sink in, but then it started to make sense. When I thought about Tristan's past behavior, he'd acted way too reckless and careless to be worried about her return. Sure, he'd been wary about the messages, but even then, he believed me when I said it was just an overzealous fan.+

He continued, "Her parents sent me an email through my lawyer to tell me what happened. In the three months after she'd tried to... " He paused, pulling me closer, "I hardly slept, I couldn't concentrate, I couldn't eat — and when I did sleep, I was woken up by fucked-up nightmares. I tried to hide it, and for the most part, I succeeded by moving into my new place on my own." +

His hand settled on my stomach under my shirt, a place it often returned to. "But when I got that email, all I could feel was relief. I think I took my first deep breath right then, and it was like this weight had been eased. But it never fully went away. I stopped drinking because a part of me blamed the alcohol. And I stopped the excess partying because maybe I shouldn't have been so out of control in the first place."+

I placed my hand on his, a small comforting gesture that I knew he appreciated because he turned his hand over and interlaced our fingers, stroking my skin with his thumb.+

"I felt like the biggest piece of shit after being relieved by the news of her death, but as twisted as it sounds, things did get easier after. I threw myself into football, thinking that if I could just focus on my future, I could bury the past. If I could just achieve all my goals, I would live up to the name Tristan Beckett — because to be Tristan Beckett is to be perfect. But being that man isn't all it's cracked up to be," he admitted, chuckling dryly. "To live up to that name, I couldn't afford to show any weaknesses or slack off in any way. I had a role I needed to play — there was no room for things like fear or... love."+


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

Receiving a response from Noel, Beth's mother, was a moment I had both anticipated and dreaded, but it finally arrived on the sixth day of my confinement — just as I'd finished corresponding with my advisor. I opened the email, my heart racing with a mix of hope and anxiety, but that quickly turned to disappointment as I read her words.+

Dear Miss Walker,+

Thank you for reaching out and sharing your concerns.+

I have taken the time to consider the situation involving my daughter and my stepson. It is a delicate matter that requires careful handling and after thoughtful deliberation, I have decided to address this issue directly with my husband.2

Sincerely,+

Noel Masters+

Vice Principal at Riverview High School+

As I read and reread Noel's email, each word seemed to chip away at that hope I had been holding onto, leaving behind only defeat. Slamming my laptop shut, I got up to pace my room. I didn't know what to do, and now I feared I might have made things worse. I couldn't see how this situation could possibly favor Beth if Dylan's dad was the one making all the decisions. Guilt gnawed at me, and I rubbed my hands over my face, barely resisting an angry yell.+

Should I respond to Noel's email? What could I possibly say that would make a difference? And most importantly, did this mean I had to press charges? I was not looking forward to that whole process. +

Maybe I needed to talk to someone, like a lawyer? Or maybe my dad — because I certainly wasn't going to tell my mother first. She'd just make things worse, and would probably do so by sending Beth's mom a not-so-nice email. Or maybe I'd speak to Tristan tonight. Perhaps he'd have some advice or solutions.+

Glancing at the clock, I realized that I still had some time before his expected visit — probably even longer if I took into account that it was game day today. With a weary sigh, I stopped pacing and sank onto my bed, feeling overwhelmed by the weight of the situation. My eyes slid shut and I just breathed through the tight ball of panic nestled deep in my belly. 1

Everything was going to be fine.1

°•°•°•°+


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                            2

I chose to skip the after-party and head straight to her after the game. And even though I was MVP this time around — a huge difference from last week's game — the guys still understood when I told them I'd be going to Hannah. They were just happy to have me back to my old self, and they knew it was my last week with her, so no one begrudged me for the time I spent with her.2

I was very conscious of the fact that we were running out of time, but I tried not to let it get to my head. I was already planning to catch a flight down to Manhattan for a weekend, probably after giving her a week to settle in. I'd convince her to stay at a hotel with me because her having roommates sometimes got in the way of... things. And considering it would be the first time I'd have my girlfriend all to myself without the looming threat of her mother possibly discovering us — I was gonna use the whole weekend to fuck her deaf, blind, and dumb.21

Which reminded me, I needed to stock up on more condoms. We were constantly running out, and our solution was to just forgo them, which was okay considering both of us were clean and she was on the pill, but we still needed to discuss whether we wanted to throw out the condoms altogether or not. We could make those kinds of decisions now because we were in a relationship. The thought made me grin.2

Never in a million years did I think I'd bag Hoodie Girl, and yet, here we were — here I was, driving two hours to see a girl I was only going to sleep with — in the boring way. Well, not boring. I'd still always choose to be next to her because that's how I slept best. She was a natural cuddler and gravitated towards me because she was always cold. And I liked having at least one arm curled around her at all times, almost like she was my pillow. I also liked waking up to that smell — strawberries and vanilla. It was like Crack to me.6

I finally got to her house, pulling up just a little ways from it, half hidden by some person's hedge. I switched off the engine, climbing out and locking up before jogging over to her place. Her window was on the second floor but I didn't do all of those pull-ups for nothing. I scaled the side of the house as quietly as I could, grabbing onto the edge of the window frame and pulling myself up with one hand while my other pushed the window open. And then I pulled myself into her room. +

She wasn't there, but her bedside lamp was on and her door was left slightly ajar so I assumed she was in the bathroom. +

Rolling my right shoulder as I righted myself and stepped further into her room, I almost wished I'd brought an ice pack with me. I'd taken a particularly hard hit in the last quarter and it was aching, especially after that climb. Other areas of my body ached too, but I was still too wired to go to sleep right now. I always had crazy amounts of energy after a game; it was only the next day that I truly felt the effects.+

Glancing around me, I smiled when I noticed her room was a lot messier than it had been at the beginning of her stay. It wasn't anything too crazy, but she had a habit of stripping off her clothes and draping them over the nearest piece of furniture, including her bed — where a pair of dark blue panties lay on top. +

My curiosity was piqued. I was only ever taking them off, so I'd never actually taken the time to really examine a pair.2

My pinky finger hooked into the waistband, and I lifted them to eye level. All of the edges had short darker blue lace ruffles and they were so small I struggled to comprehend how they covered anything. Rubbing the material between my fingers, I mused over how soft they were despite how impractical they seemed. 4

Just then Hannah stepped back into the room holding a glass of milk. She looked at me and then at what I was holding and I realized what it looked like.+

"This isn't what it looks like — I'm not trying to sniff them or anything. I was just looking," I rushed to say, wincing when I realized that wasn't any less creepy. "I mean..."2


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                            3

"Shhh," I murmured, kissing the soft skin of her bare shoulder as my finger circled her needy clit.12

She trembled, panting through her nose as my other hand covered her mouth. It still did little to silence the little moans and whimpers she let out against my palm as I teased her dripping-wet pussy with my fingers.1

We were both on our sides, her back pressed to my chest as my cock throbbed painfully against her ass, separated only by the material of my boxers. I was trying to keep some semblance of control, instead of mounting her like an animal, something my instincts were pushing me to do. I had to constantly remind myself to keep things under a certain noise level — especially as I wondered if her mother owned a shotgun.7

My lips traced the graceful arch of her neck, pressing a gentle kiss to her pulse as I buried my middle and ring fingers deep inside her. Her hand shot to my wrist when my palm grazed her clit, adding pressure as her hips bucked into my hold.+

"Am I being a good boyfriend yet?" I asked, smirking when she nipped one of my fingers with her teeth.3

Using the two fingers buried inside her, I dragged her ass back into me, molding her curves to my frame and squeezing her close. Almost immediately, she arched into me, rocking her perfect little ass against my cock and drawing a pained groan from me.1

Chuckling hoarsely, I said, "You just can't wait, can you? You're practically begging me to fuck you right now." 4

My thumb found her swollen clit, rubbing firmly as I pushed my cock into her ass. "But don't worry — every second away from you, not seeing you, hearing you, touching you — nearly ruined me, Hannah. I don't think you understand just how much I've come to need you. More than you could ever need me. It fucking terrifies me."+

Her hand lifted to pull mine from her mouth, allowing her to say, "It's nice not to be the only one."+

She turned her head to look at me, and when those blue eyes, dark with pleasure, peered into mine, I couldn't hold back, and I leaned forward to kiss her. I quickly lost myself in the taste of her, embracing the rush of pure insanity as her lips parted for me and my tongue swept inside to swallow all of her sweet moans. It was wet, and it was hot, and I would never get enough of her.+

But soon enough, we needed to come up for air, so I reluctantly pulled back, keeping my forehead pressed against hers as I closed my eyes to try and regain some of my sanity. It would be really bad if I lost control here.+

"Tristan?"+

My eyes opened, locking with hers. +

"I've missed you. I don't think I've said that yet, but being away from you was hard for me too. You were the only one I wanted to go to when everything was happening."4

Fuck. Now there was no turning back. She was mine — and God save any bastard who tried to take her from me. 1

Removing my hand from between her thighs, I moved away to quickly yank off my boxers, tossing them next to my shirt. And then I grabbed the strip of condoms on her bedside table, turning back to face her. She was sitting up now, lips swollen and cheeks flushed as the blankets pooled around her waist. Her perky tits hogged all of my attention — her nipples playing peek-a-boo behind strands of long, golden hair. It gave me a dark satisfaction knowing I would be the only man to ever see her like this. Well, I was the only one that mattered.3

"Just so you know — you're not getting any sleep tonight. I plan on reacquainting myself with every inch of your body while we make up for lost time."+

She laughed, grinning. "I've had more than enough sleep lately,." Her eyes followed my every movement as I returned to her.+

She gasped when I ripped the blankets off her, crawling over her naked body and forcing her flat on her back again. I stopped to bend down and take a dusky nipple into my mouth, sucking hard as my tongue swirled around the hard bead. Her back arched off the bed as her thighs spread wide for me, settling around my hips. Switching to the other nipple, I lavished it with the same attention I gave the first, making her moan as her fingers buried themselves in my hair.1

Her nipple popped out my mouth as I lifted my head to look at her. "Babe, you have to be quiet or you're gonna get us caught. At the very least, we'll traumatize Jace."8

"I'm trying, but just so you know, a tornado could sweep through and he'd never notice," she whispered. But then her eyes rounded slightly. "Wait, I know what to do."+

Placing her hands on my chest, she pushed me off her, far enough for her to turn over and present her gorgeous ass to me. She arched her back, pressing her chest flat to the bed as she pulled the pillow down to her face, obviously intending to use it to muffle any noises she made.2

"Better?" She glanced over her shoulder at me, smirking.+

Suddenly I was the one who'd lost the ability to talk. Like bees to honey, my hands found her ass, squeezing and massaging the soft flesh. My dick jerked as soon as I touched her, aching to be inside her already.+

"Much better. Let's just hope we don't break the bed," I grunted as I rolled the latex down my length.+

Her head popped up and she glanced back at me with a warning look. "Tristan Beckett — if you dare break this bed, you will explain to my mother what happened."2

"Don't worry. I'll be careful." Sort of.+

"Why don't I believe you?" she muttered, wiggling her ass as she got comfortable.+

I chuckled, choosing not to answer as I threw the condom wrapper onto my shirt so that I'd remember to take it with me when I left. Fisting my dick, I moved closer to her again, and rubbed the head against the soft skin of her right ass cheek.  +

My other hand spread her open while I guided my cock to her entrance, notching the tip firmly against her. Pressing forward, I stopped when only the tip was inside, groaning at the tight warmth that greeted me. She moaned into the pillow, the sound muffled. Easing more of my cock into her, I pushed until I was halfway, pausing to let her get used to my size. +

While I waited for her to adjust, my hand stroked her smooth skin, running over the soft globes of her ass and up the curve of her spine. The higher I went, the more of my cock eased into her — filling her until finally I was buried to a hilt in her tight, perfect pussy. It felt like heaven wrapped sweetly and snugly around me. 1

Straightening up, my hands moved to her hips, grasping them firmly as I rolled my hips, slow and lazy at first, enjoying the sensation of her gripping and rippling around me. Hannah's hands squeezed the pillow in a death grip as she rocked back into me. +

She was so fucking beautiful. And so fucking mine.3

"Fuck yes," I groaned, driving back in and filling her in one stroke. "I missed this."+

Every night without her had kept me up with dreams of this, of being with her. I found myself reaching for her several times a night, an uncomfortable emptiness taking root each time I remembered she was gone. She thought I was driving here every night to prove something to her, but it was actually because I needed it. I needed to have her back in my arms — especially knowing we might not have another chance for a while.1





