This is literally my worst nightmare. 877

Why me? Oh god, what have I done to deserve this? I'm not even exaggerating.23

What happened, you ask?39

My stupid best friend, Katherine Gray, got me kicked out of our dorm! And now I'm sitting outside with my bags (and multiple pillows) like a homeless person, because I am! I have nowhere to go. 87

I was at a strict girls only dorm because my mom thought she could keep me away from boys or something (stupid her) and Kat brought her boyfriend in and we got busted, to make matters worse they were smoking. And now she ditched me and is staying with him for the time being leaving me nowhere else to go.297

That's what I get for only having one friend.98

My boyfriend has a roommate and he's kind of a dick so there's no ways he can let me crash there. I can't call my mom and tell her. She would probably take me to a new college or something. Oh my god, I'm gonna cry.144

"Uhh, are you okay?" Comes a concerned voice. I'm snapped out of my thoughts and spot a guy I don't recognize look curiously at me.28

Luckily not a lot of people are witnessing this awful sight because everyone is in class. We got kicked out just this morning so I didn't attend any of mine.1

I shake my head "No"9

Don't cry. Don't cry. He's a stranger. You don't want to freak him out. He is a cute stranger with black curly hair and light brown nice eyes. He looks friendly enough so I don't feel scared of him or anything.107

"Why do you have all these bags with you?" He asks confused and curious "Oh I'm Nicholas by the way. My friends call me Nick though"56

"I'm Chelsea" I smile lightly "And the bags.. I kind of kicked out of my dorm"30

"So someone is gonna come pick you up?"6

"No. I have no place to go. I'm homeless" I murmur running a frustrated hand through my dirty blonde hair.96

"Oh my word, so what you gonna do?"238

I shrug sadly and defeated "I don't know"4

He looks thoughtful for a moment before opening his mouth to speak "Listen, I may have an idea but I'm not too sure it's going to work"17

My eyes open wide in hope "What? Tell me"4

"I have a friend and he lives alone. He was looking for a roommate. But considering you're a girl, I don't think he'll be too thrilled" He tells me but I kind of ignore the last part and focus on the fact that I may just score myself a place to stay.43

"Please can we try him" I plea desperately. 61

"I doubt he'll want this though" He tells me.47

"Oh come on" I press refusing any negative comments. He sighs agreeing before helping me pick up my bags and I follow him to his car.97

I think we make three trips because I have that much luggage.10

Sigh.21

"I don't want you to be too hopeful because he may just say no" He tells me awkwardly as we start to drive away "He's not very nice"32

I flash him my best puppy dog face "Do you think he could say no to that?"256

"I wouldn't" He chuckles amused glancing at me again "Hey, how come I don't know you? You seem pretty cool"41

"Well first of all this campus is pretty big" I reply "And secondly it's only my second semester here so I don't know a lot of people"2

He hums thoughtfully "Yeah you have a point. It's my third. What course are you taking?"2

"Literature. I want to be a writer"20

"A writer?" He looks impressed and quite interested "I'm pleasantly surprised. I didn't know pretty girls could write"332

Flirt, much?42

I giggle rolling my eyes at him "Should I be offended?"29

"It's a compliment"82

"What course are you doing?" I ask him.1

"Law"78

I'm also quite impressed and interested "I didn't know curly-haired boys wanted to be lawyers"196

He chuckles amused "Fair enough"7

We carry on with the small talk, which is actually quite nice and relaxing, as I'm greeted with unfamiliar but familiar surroundings when I look out the window.3

"Woah, aren't these apartments crazy expensive?" I ask Nick with wide eyes when I see we've reached our destination. Only rich kids live at the Cottage Hill apartments and right now I'm quite intimidated.22

Nick shrugs as he gets out the car and I follow suit "Not really. Plus if he agrees then you only have to pay half"14

Half is probably the full rent I was paying at my old dorms but I sigh relieved.14

I carry on following Nick to his friend's house and the whole time I'm just praying he will be nice and give me a place to stay. I am literally so desperate. Where could I possible sleep if I don't find one?47

We get to door number 14 and Nick gently knocks. There's a few seconds, which feel like hours, before the door is answered and woow... is this guy a model? A greek god?48

He is fiiiine.264

Behind the door is a blonde haired boy, he has the shiniest and prettiest grey eyes I've ever seen and I'm slightly captivated. He has the smoothest looking skin, making him look like he washed 5 times a day. 270

His pink and full lips, and nose are literally so perfect you would think he was made in a factory. He has slightly high cheek-bones and God, his jawline could cut the through metal or something. His body... his body! He is very well built, not too muscular but also not limp. Just perfect. He is a good three or four inches taller than me. Seriously, is this guy real?147

Wow.4

"What? What is it?" He snaps after a while. Rude alert. Okay maybe Nick was right about him not being so nice. But his voice sounds so good and husky. He has nice teeth too.33

Focus, Chelsea!12

"Dude, chill" Nick says calmly, probably used to his friend "This is Chelsea"6

He doesn't even look at me as I was going to wave at him "So?"19

Uhh.2

"She needs a place to stay and you were looking for someone" Nick replies harshly, I'm guessing he's getting quite annoyed with how rude his friend is being for no reason.11

"She's a girl" He deadpans finally looking at me.148

I take this as my cue to speak "Please. I won't bother you"11

"You living in my apartment is very much going to bother me" He says bluntly looking me up and down.55

Suddenly, he's not so hot anymore.123

I start to squirm uncomfortably. He doesn't look impressed with how I look. Rude much?70

"Dude come on" Nick tried to speak for me "She has no place to stay. Have a heart for once, man"15

Finally he opens the door wider and lets us in. Yep this apartment is as big and nice as I thought it would be. It's a bit plain making it very obvious that it's only a boy that lives here, but still quite luxurious. I'm convinced just the kitchen and living room is the size of my entire old dorm. You would swear it's a person who works that lives here, and not a college student.4

Okay now I really want him to say yes.7

"How do you know this girl, Nicholas? Is she another one of your sluts?"267

That does it! How dare he?5

I scoff, very much offended, my eyes and mouth widening "Excuse you, dick. But I have a boyfriend and I have a name"158

He looks quite taken aback that I just swore at him but quickly covers it up "Do I care?"44

"Kyle. Stop it" Nick intervenes warningly.159

So that's the asshole's name.20

Kyle narrows his eyes at his friend "She started it. She just called me a dick"40

"Cause you called me a slut" I retort defensively "Listen if you don't want to live with me then you could've just said so and not be rude about it"52

"Why do you need a place?" He rolls his eyes.1

"I got kicked out of my dorm because of my friend" I tell him, arms crossed.8

I can give attitude too.37

"Don't you want to live with a girl instead?" He sighs bored, looking like he seriously doesn't want to me engaging in any type of conversation with me.1

"I would if I could" I retort.7

He narrows his eyes at me "Drop the attitude, sweetheart, you're still dependent on me"304

I sigh.4

"So can she have the room or not?" Nick asks his very rude (but sinfully hot) friend.63

We all stay silent for a while before Kyle sighs with a very loud and defeated groan "Ugh fine, you can stay"24

I don't want to, but I end up grinning like an idiot "Really?"16

He rolls his eyes clenching his fists "Yes fucking really. Don't make me regret it"66

I squeal jumping to hug Nick, I would hug Kyle but I have a feeling he would kick me. He chuckles before hugging me back, even lifting me up and spinning me playfully "Thank you, thank you"245

"I'm going. I'll leave the keys here" Kyle says putting the keys on the kitchen counter before exiting the house.20

"Well, let's get you moved it" Nick chirps moving away from me and I smile before we walk to the car to get my stuff.5

Yay.41

***1

Hey y'all. 1

I'm so so happy you guys decided to give my story a chance. This is my first real published Wattpad book. I hope I don't disappoint.74

Feel free to comment whenever, I always want to know your guyses opinions.2

Also, please vote for my story if you really enjoy it. ❤️3

Let the journey begin. ❤️❤️❤️10

"Chels, I'm so sorry" My best friend pleas through the phone "Pretty please forgive me?"305

I finished unpacking a few hours ago. The room is I got is pretty big and nice. There was already a bed, a headboard, a few mirrors and side tables. I'm super excited about it. It's way nicer than my old tiny dorm room.11

I packed my closet neatly, put my frames and other things on the side tables, I hung some of my picture frames with sticky tape (hopefully they won't fall), made the bed with my purple covers and did a little sweeping since it was kind of dusty. I heard Kyle come back but he's been in his room (which I'm yet to see) ever since.34

Now I'm in the kitchen sitting on one of those spinning chairs and Kat has just called me begging for forgiveness.6

"You didn't even wait to see if I got a place" I frown as I put my phone on speaker since I hate holding it by my ear.25

I can imagine her also frowning because she doesn't like upsetting me "I'm very sorry. You know how Nathan is"75

Nathan is her boyfriend. Or they're just having a fling. You never really know with Kat. Anyways I really don't like that guy, he treats Kat like she's some possession and he's super clingy. He even gets jealous when she's with me. I don't why she still sticks around.45

"Okay" I say in small voice "I did get a place, if you must know"3

"You did?" I can hear but of relief.3

I nod but I know she can't see me "Yeah. With the help of a friend I just made today. Anyways the guy is a serious douche"27

"Do I know him?"5

I shrug "His name is Kyle"1

"Kyle" She repeats thoughtfully "Wait, as in Kyle Chambers?"37

Woah... that never occurred to me. Kyle Chambers is the notorious bad boy on campus; super rich, sleeps with every girl and every guy fears and respects him. I don't know what he looks like but he's pretty famous and everyone always speak about him. 152

Could it be?1

"You think?" I ask in shock. It's not an excited shock as some girls would be living with him, it's an anxious shock. What if I have girls hunt me down just because I live with him... worse what if he normally has them over here and I have to be here for it.22

"Describe him quickly"2

"Grey eyes, blonde hair, nice body" I answer nervously. Please don't let it be him. Somehow I know it is because the description fits perfectly.38

I hear a loud sigh and squeal "Oh my god, you live with Kyle Chambers"9

Great.1

"Kat" I hiss appalled "That's not a good thing"4

"Why not? Have you seen how hot he is?" I can hear the grin is her voice "And he's like super rich so I wonder why he needs a roommate. Jeez, I wish I got there first-"105

"Shut up" I snap and luckily she does "And trust me, I'd really want to swap places with you right now but we can't"10

"Wait does Noah know?" Kat asks cautiously  "You know, that you're living with a boy? And Kyle of all boys"53

I shake my head nervously "No, I haven't spoken to him yet. Do you think I should tell him?"21

"Are you serious? He's obviously going to find out so it might as well be from you" 2

"I don't think he's going to like that"9

Kat sighs sympathetically "Yeah but it's not like you're gonna do anything with the guy"68

"But still"+

I can hear a lot of shuffling from the other side telling me that she's quite busy at the moment "Listen, I have to go but I'll call you back later, okay"4

Before I can say anything the line is cut.3

"Done talking about me?"245

I almost fall off the chair when I hear Kyle's voice. Where did he come from? I awkwardly look behind me to see him dressed in a tank top that showcases his tone body and biceps, and light shorts showing his very fit and tight  thighs and calfs with some trainers on.59

Gosh.2

"Where are you going?" I ask instead not knowing how to reply to his earlier question.+

"You didn't know who I was?" 30

I shake my head "I knew your name"1

"And?" He presses on walking to the kitchen and opening the fridge.2

"And I've heard things about you" I reply not really sure where this is going.+

He drinks some milk through the milk carton and I have to press my lips together not to say anything because I don't think he'd appreciate it "I'll be back. Don't go into my room or mess my house up or I'll kick you out"98

And with that he's out the door. What the hell is wrong with this guy? Weren't we just having a conversation? 9

He's soo weird.21

****344

The rest of yesterday was pretty uneventful really. Kyle left me alone for most of the day because he only came back later when I was falling asleep. I think I need to make some friends around there because clearly Kyle has no intentions of being that with me. I can't be bored the entire time.1

"Did you tell your mom yet?" Noah asks playing with my hair. Luckily his roommate has class at this time so I could come over to his dorm. 27

Well not that he's ever here. Noah has been so busy lately with whatever it is that I don't even get to see him as much as I'd like. I don't want to bring it up because I don't want any fights but it's actually been bothering me. I guess I'll  have to find the right time to.149

I shake my head "I can't tell her. She'll bury me alive"3

"Babe, you always exaggerate" He chuckles face palming himself at me "Remember that time you thought she was going to kill you when she found out about us? You're still alive"13

"Yes cause I told her we broke up" I retort and Noah just carries on laughing13

My mom does not like him. At all. To be fair, she doesn't like any boy, especially ones around me. I don't know exactly how she found out we were dating but she was seriously not happy. I ended up having to tell we had broken up because I was scared she was going to move me to another school.29

"Too bad we're very much together" He says kissing my forehead "So, did you get a place or are you still a homeless person?"92

I shift awkwardly away from him and he raises an eyebrow "Oh... about that. You see, I did get a place..."+

"But?"+

"It's with a guy" I say in one quick breath and I can see he's quite annoyed with that piece of information "Kyle Chambers. Maybe you know him"3

"Hard not to" He mutters, running a hand through his brown locks, confirming my suspicions that he's very annoyed "You live with him? Seriously?"15

"It was the only option"3

"How am I supposed to feel about my girlfriend living with the biggest player on campus?" He groans.75

"Noah, it's not like I'm going to do anything with the guy" I say softly, holding his hand "I have you, plus he's a total douche"27

"Still. I don't like this at all"24

I sigh "I don't either but there's no other way"4

"What did Kathrine have to say about this?" He shakes his head "I hope you haven't forgiven her because this is all her fault"60

"She's my best friend, off course I forgave her" I tell him "She's yours too, you know"217

We've been the three musketeers since college freshmen year. They knew each other before they knew me but in the end, it all worked out. I got a best friend and a boyfriend at the same time (kind of).199

"I know but the girl makes the worst decisions sometimes. God knows how I've put up with her for the past 19 years of my life"29

"You love her" I coo and he rolls his eyes "She was very sorry. And for now she's living with that loser, Nathan"38

"I'm not surprised" He replies before looking at his watch "Well anyways I have to go to the library now"27

"What? Why?" I try not to sound too irritated. 1

"I have to study, Chels, you know this" He replies defensively "You'll be able to find your way back to your new apartment, right?"195

I nod sadly "Sure. Bye"+

"Bye" He kisses me and grabs his bag before walking out the door and leaving me in his own dorm.131

Wow.10

***15

Hi.2

Keep voting, lovies. Also comment.13

"Kyle! Are you home?" 37

I don't know what game I'm playing but here I am at our apartment screaming for Kyle. I want to know if he's home or not. I just got here from Noah's dorm feeling lonelier than ever. Maybe I want someone to talk to even though if I am being realistic, I don't think Kyle cares about my life.17

"Jeez. What are you screaming for, you freak?" He asks walking out of his bedroom in a hoodie and sweatpants "What do you want?"44

"Uhm, I just wanted to see if you were home or not" I mutter embarrassed before remembering something "Wait, did you call me a freak?"5

"Does it matter?" He deadpans.2

"Yes cause I'm not a freak" I defend crossing my arms "I'm very normal"74

He rolls his eyes pushing past me "Whatever"4

He walks to the kitchen and like a moth drawn to a flame, I follow him but I don't think he notices. He opens the fridge taking out a juice carton and drinks straight from it.30

"That's a very bad habit, you know" I tell him.42

He looks behind to see me watching him and shakes his head "Jesus, can I get some space? This is my house"11

"I know, I'm just saying"7

"Okay, I think we need to establish a few rules around here" He announced putting the juice back and looking at me sternly.4

"Rules? What is this? Middle school?"6

"Ha-ha" He deadpans dryly "Rule number 1: I'm not you friend. Never will he either"70

"I didn't say you wer-"1

"Shut up and let me finish" He snaps and I roll my eyes but comply "2: Don't talk to me unless I talk to you"93

"Seriously?" I mutter under my breath.4

He narrows his eyes at me and I shut up again "3: No surprise visitors or anything like that. You must first get permission from me"56

Permission? Oh wow.4

"4: If you see different girls around here, mind your own business"50

Player much? 5

"5: We don't share anything except furnisher and shit. You get your own groceries and make your own food and I'll do the same"9

"Is that all, sir?"15

He rolls his eyes "Yes, that's all, darling"273

"You're a piece of work" I note after digesting all his ridiculous rules.6

"If you don't like it, you're more than welcome to find another place. I, for one, would be very happy with that" He fake smiles and I return the fake smile. I do, however, wish I could see his real one. I bet it's beautiful.38

"No no, I think I'll stay"+

"Whatever" He says walking away "I'm going back to my room. Don't scream my name again"85

"Bye" I wave.1

He just shakes his head but I swear I heard him mutter a "Unless I'm fucking it out of you"906

Well then.16

***10

"What do you mean he's a giant dick? He's hot" Kat screeches with star struck eyes "Do you know how many girls would kill to be in your position?"100

"Do I care?" I mutter walking slower so she can catch up "I guess I should just be grateful I got a place and not dwell on the negative"3

"Yeah, I don't think Kyle Chambers and the word negative could ever go in the same sentence" She says thoughtfully.44

"Whatever, Kathrine" I snap because she's starting to annoy me with her stupid Kyle praises "You don't live with him so I wouldn't expect you to understand. I bet you've never even had a conversation with the guy"15

"Yeah, I have" She defends exasperated "He's Nathan's friend"11

"Why am I not surprised" I murmur. Off course Nathan is friends with someone like Kyle "How is it living with him, anyways?"2

"Good" She replies and her grin matches "Really good"4

"Well I'm happy he's not giving you grief or anything" I can't help my grin back. My best friend's happiness means the world to me.53

She hugs me "I appreciate the concern but yeah everything has been good. How's Noah?"6

"Busy as always" My mood shuts down immediately at the mention "I don't know, Kat, it's like he doesn't even have time for me anymore"22

"He'll come around. I know my best friend" She tried to reassure but it doesn't really help "You know he's taking a really hard course so I guess he always has a lot of studying to do"146

"I know but it's an adjustment from last semester because we used to be attached by the hip and now I barely see him. I guess the work is just getting more and more"14

She sighs holding my hand "Like I said: he'll come around. Don't worry, okay? I know that boy and I know that he loves you and wouldn't do anything to lose you"78

"Thanks, Kat" I smile squeezing her hand "That actually made me feel so much better"1

She grins "That's what best friends are for"61

"Hey, do you wanna help me do groceries after class?" I ask her hopefully.  5

She nods "Sure. Not a problem. I'll also do mine"2

***2

"Kathrine, I swear to God I don't know why I still do grocery shopping with you" I grumble pushing my cart away from her.+

She keeps putting all kinds of candy in it, telling me they're heaven. She always does this.11

"Come on, Chels, are you on some diet or something?" She asks.1

I roll my eyes "No. But that doesn't mean I should buy 500 different candies so stop it please"1

"That's exactly what it means" She argues looking at some cereal "Its not like you ever gain weight"48

I grab some Fruit Loops and put them in "Hush. Let's just shop like responsible adults, okay?"2

"Fine, Grumpy Grace" She grumbles childishly and I can't help but giggle "So, what's still on your list?"10

I look at it "Bread, milk, some meat, eggs, veges, pasta and some snacks. Yeah I think that's all I'm going to get for now"16

She shrugs "Okay. I basically also have the same, except the snack is first on the list"6

I laugh at her. We carry on our very responsible shopping and then after what feels like forever we're finally at the tills and paying.1

"Uhm, hi" I turn around to see that suspect who was tapping me on the shoulder "I'm Winnie"37

I wave awkwardly "Hey. I'm Chelsea"+

"Sorry to bother you" She starts off sheepishly "But I noticed that you live at Cottage Hill and I live there too and my ride ditched me. Anyways I was wondering if I could catch a ride with you"60

"Sure" I smile reassuringly "I'll ask my friend, it's her car"+

"Thank you" She smiles.+

"Hey, Kat" I call for her attention because she was too busy with the cashier "Do you think we could give Winnie a ride?"+

"Oh my god, who are you?" The girl in just a long shirt screeches, almost dropping the glass that was in her hand.13

"Who are you?" I retort "I live here"1

"What? No you don't" She argues, gulping down the water "Kyle told me that he lived alone. Not with some ugly blonde"137

Ah. She must be one of his conquests. I knew I heard a female voice last night but I thought I was dreaming. I slept pretty early so he must've gone somewhere to pick her up and bring her back to his place.1

Gross. Thank goodness I didn't hear any moaning thought.8

"Well, he doesn't. I live here now" I inform, pushing her out of my way and making some cereal for myself.5

"Why should I believe you?" She demands loudly, crossing her arms against her quite big chest. Yeah, this is probably his type.12

"What is this noise so early in the morning" Comes Kyle's annoyed voice as he walks to the kitchen very shirtless, with messy hair and rubbing his eyes, signaling that he just woke up.4

Abs galore. And how the heck does he still manage to look so good but he just woke up? That's so unfair.5

"Ask your girlfriend" I retort eating my cereal.1

He looks at her sighing "Listen, uh, Layla-"19

"It's Lisa, you jerk!" She screeches and I have to block my ears because her voice is so loud and irritating.135

I can't help but snort at the fact the he doesn't even know her name. What a jerk indeed.4

"Whatever. Listen, I had a good time last night but I told you to leave before I got up" He tells her with a bored expression.9

"What?" She screams offended "A girl can't even have some breakfast first? Oh my god, I am so warning other girls about you"26

I need ear plugs at this point.1

"They already know, sweetheart" He winks menacingly "And they still want a piece of me. Just like you did"93

She scoffs because the guy does have a point after all "Just because you have a big dick doesn't mean you can treat girls like trash"151

TMI much?14

"Whatever" He sighs before walking to his bedroom and quickly coming back with clothes in his hands and handing them to her "Here. You can go now"1

She growls like a dog but doesn't say anything, instead storming away like a brat still with only the shirt on.16

Talk about walk of shame.4

"Morning" I chirp holding back a laugh. Maybe if the girl hadn't been such a bitch to me, I would actually feel sorry for her.6

He rolls his eyes "I just can't escape you, can I?"11

"We do live together" I say matter-of-factly, getting up to rinse my bowl "Did you have a good night?"14

"That's none of your business"2

I shrug snorting "Sorry. I was just asking. I did though. I had a dream about a dog that could talk. I mean, I know it sounds weird but I wish it was true. Could you imagine-"83

"Oh my fuck! I don't care" He groans loudly rubbing a hand down his face. I like annoying him. It's very fun. "Leave me alone, okay?"67

"Jeez okay"1

"Nicholas owes me so much for putting up with you" He mutters making his own cereal and I just watch him. What? Not my fault his abs and back muscles look so good. "What's your name again?"29

My eyes and mouth widen and whatever good things I had to say about are taken back "You don't know my name? Are you kidding me? We've been living together for the past 4 days!"11

"I know your name, I just forgot it" He replies defensively "So are you gonna tell me or not?"4

I sigh shaking my head. "I can't believe you! Fine. It's Chelsea-Anne Richards"52

"Was that so hard?"+

"Whatever. I have class. Bye" My nose flares. +

I see a ghost of a smirk on his face. He must really like upsetting people if things like my anger makes him smirk "Bye, Chelsea-Anne"50

Dick!47

***6

"Well well well" Comes a familiar voice. I look behind me and grin at the also familiar face "If it isn't Miss Literature"21

"Nick" I grin enveloping him in a hug. I haven't seen him since that day he helped me with Kyle because this place is that big, and I don't even have his numbers "It's so good to see you"28

"Likewise" He grins as we walk on the campus "Well you don't look depressed anything so I'm guessing Kyle hasn't been that bad"+

I shake my head snorting "He has. You would swear the guy gets his periods or something. His moods will give me a permanent whiplash"20

"He gets better when you're used to him" He reassures laughing.2

I roll my eyes "That's what Winnie said"+

"You know Winnie?" He asks an octave higher.15

"Yep. She's cool"+

"She is..." He wonders off looking deep in thought.40

"Why do you say it like that?" I ask curiously "Do you like her or something?"+

He smiles sheepishly "Is it that obvious"+

"Kind of" I giggle "So are you guys together?"+

"No. She's bi so she's going out with this other girl" He frowns.103

Winnie is bi? Wow, I never saw that coming.17

"Sorry to hear that" I frown on his behalf "Does she know that you like her though? I mean you should probably tell her or something."+

"I'm pretty sure Kyle told her because he can't keep a secret for shit" 3

"Has she asked you about it?"+

He shakes his head "Knowing her, she probably wants to hear it from the horses mouth. Not that I'll tell her any time soon because as I mentioned, she has a girlfriend"+

"Do you think they'll last?"4

"You never know with Winnie" He shrugs "I guess I'll just have to wait and see"+

All this sad talk makes me sad too so I ruffle his hair to cheer him up. It works because he ends up laughing and then so do I "Shit, we've only ever had 2 conversation and I'm already telling you about my life problems" He jokes.5

I grin shoving him playfully "I don't mind at all, Mr Lawyer. I happen to look forward to many more conversations with you"3

"Babe?"7

I look behind me to see Noah. I smile at the sight. He comes next to me and kisses my temple "Oh hey"11

"Hey?" It comes out as more of a question because he looks confused as to why I'm walking with Nico. "Are you busy?"29

"No, we were just wrapping up our conversation" Nico answers for me "I'll see you later?"1

"Wait" I call our before he can walk away "I have to introduce you guys. Noah, this is Nick he's my friend. Nick, this is my boyfriend Noah"3

"There she is. That's the girl"+

Why is this girl pointing at me? And why does she look so familiar? I furrow my eyebrows watching her and Betty gossip about me right in front of my face. Finally they make their way over to me.17

"So you live with Kyle now?" Betty asks obnoxiously. And then I remember how I know that girl she's walking with. She's the one who was at our apartment the other day after her adventure with the boy at topic.13

"Yes since you decided to be snitch and get us kicked out" I retort "And Kyle was more than willing to give me a place to stay after. I guess I should thank you"8

I'm only saying this to spite her because I know she has a huge crush on him.1

"Why would Kyle want to live with you of allpeople" She sneers looking disgusted at me.+

I ignore her, focusing my eye to her little friend "Oh hey Layla. Fancy meeting you again"19

I called her Layla on purpose.5

"I swear to God!" She screeches grabbing her hair. I did not miss that voice "I know that you know that my name is Lisa, and not fucking Layla"24

I snort "Whatever. What do you guys want anyways?"+

"Nothing. I just wanted to see if the rumors are true" Betty answers stepping closer to me "And just because you live with him now doesn't mean you have some sort of claim over him, are we clear?"29

I roll my eyes "Hate to break it to you sweetheart, but you don't have a claim on him either. Just because he's slept with the both of you. He probably doesn't even remember your name"51

She flashes me the middle finger and I pretend to be offended "You won't be his roommate for much longer. I can guarantee you that"8

And with that they both walk away. I wonder what she has up her sleeves. She's always up to no good. This other time she tried to break me and Noah up but it obviously didn't work.21

"What was that about?" My best friend asks when she finally reaches me. She probably saw the whole thing.4

"Those two warning me against Kyle" I answer in a bored tone "Don't they know I have a boyfriend?"+

"That's never stopped anyone from hooking up with the infamous Kyle Chambers" She informs me shrugging "Anyways cancel all your plans for tomorrow  cause you're coming with me"6

"To?" I raise a brow.2

"So Nathan has been going on about how he wants to tell me something but instead he sent an address and said I should go there tomorrow" She says "So as my best friend, it's your duty to come with me incase it's something I won't like"24

"What if I don't like it?" I ask skeptically. +

"Then we'll both leave"3

I bite the inside of my cheeks thoughtfully "I don't know, Kat, why won't he just tell you?"+

"I've already tried to get him to. This is the only choice. Come on, please!"1

I sigh "Fine fine. Is Noah coming?"+

"He says he's busy" She tells me softly, probably knowing I won't take the news well "Sorry. I'll do my best to keep your mind off him"36

"Yeah" I trail off.+

So the rest of the week went by pretty fast. Kyle and I haven't spoken much since our little conversation the other day, just hi's and by's. Well and the occasional threats of him kicking me out if I do anything stupid. And him reminding me of rule number 2 whenever I try to talk to him, which states that I can't speak to him unless he speaks to me first.4

Our 'conversation' yesterday consisted of:+

"Why are you using my milk?" He demanded after he had caught me.4

I remember almost shitting myself.3

I turned around awkwardly "I knocked at your door but you didn't answer. Mine ran out and it's too late to go buy some"9

He snatched it away from me roughly "You're so annoying"4

Luckily I had already poured enough in my hot chocolate so it wasn't that bad "Sorry"2

"Don't be sorry, buy me new milk"22

I gaped "What? I only used like a drop"3

"So? You still touched it. I don't want you touching my stuff" He snapped annoyed.24

I just laughed because he was ridiculous.+

"Oh this is funny to you, Chelsea-Anne?" He demanded unamused, arms crossed sternly "I hope it will be just as funny when you have to look for a new apartment"23

Seriously?1

"Fine. I'll buy your stupid milk" I gave in after realizing that he wasn't kidding around.3

"You better" He growled before walking away.15

He's insufferable.1

Today is Friday and I'm just planning on binging Riverdale on my laptop. I haven't gotten the chance to because of all the assignments I have to do and the studying. I'm just glad to have a break for once.78

"Hey, we should have a sleep over" Kat announces excited "Nathan won't be by the dorm so you should come over"1

I shrug. I wouldn't mind some time away from Kyle "Sure, but you have to drive me to go get my things first"+

***+

"So what are you gonna wear tomorrow?" Kat shouts from my bedroom. I'm in the bathroom busy packing my toiletries+

"I don't know. Jeans and a shirt" 4

She doesn't say anything and after packing, I make my way to join her. My bag that was empty is now full "I packed for you. Don't you love me?"6

"Will I like what you packed?" I raise a brow. I probably won't. Our dressing styles are way too different.1

She clutches the bag in her hand "Who cares. But you're not seeing it until we get to mine"1

I roll my eye "Whatever. Let's go"4

We both get up and as I'm about to exit, I can't bring myself to without informing Kyle that I won't be home. I don't want him to worry or anything even though I seriously doubt he will.18

"I'll meet you by the car" I tell Kat and she shrugs before walking out.+

I walk to Kyle's room and knock. I know he's home because I saw his keys by the kitchen counter. There is no response and as I'm about to leave, the door is open "What?" He asks impatiently 1

"Uh, I just wanted to inform you that I'm having a sleep over with Kat"1

"So?" 9

I clear my throat trying to ignore his sharp tone  "Just. I thought it was the right thing to do. You know; to inform you and stuff. I guess I'd also just like to know when you won't be returning and I thought you'd also appreciate it"+

He sighs but luckily this time he waited for me to finish. Normally he just interrupts me when I speak too much "Is that all?"1

"Yes. Bye now"+

"Bye, Chelsea-Anne" He replies and I can't help but smile. That little Chelsea-Anne is seriously growing on me.55

****+

True to my word, Kat and I spent most of our sleepover catching up on Riverdale. We finished the whole season 2 and are halfway on season 3. I actually don't know what time we slept but I know for sure it was in the AMs.29

"Okay, Nathan's thing starts in 2 hours, we should probably get ready" Kat yawns after our second nap of the day. Nap dates with your bestie are the way to go.20

I tell her to go first so she takes a shower and when she's done, I do the same. By the time I return to the room, she's already dressed. She's wearing a tight black mini dress and an oversized denim jacket. She looks so damn cute, and she also put on a black cap to complete her look, her brown hair flowing down under it.14

"How do I look?" She grins when she sees me.+

I can't help but grin back "So yummy"71

She claps happily, before finally opening my bag and taking out the outfit she has planned for me. It's my denim skirt that I hardly ever wear, a white crop top that I thought I had lost a long time ago, my black Adidas jacket and my black Vans to match "This is for you, my lady"85

It's actually not as bad as I thought it would be.1

"Nice doing business with you" I nod as she hands me the bag. +

"Okay I'm going to do my make up in the bathroom because these mirrors here are not clear" She informs me as she picks up her make up bag and walks away.1

I put on some lotion and deodorant before wearing the outfit she picked out for me. I can't help but grin when I see my reflection. I should think about wearing this skirt more often, it makes my legs and waist look good. I let my hair down with a line in the middle before tucking it behind my ears. I'm not really big on make up so some mascara and lip gloss should do.19

Overall I'm happy with how I look. I just hope whatever Nathan has on hand goes well with it.4

"Let's go, pretty lady" She smiles taking my hand and we walk out of the dorm room and into her car.4

We bump some pop music as we follow the navigations on her screen. 13

"Okay... this is like almost out of town" I say worriedly as we look through our surroundings "Are you are we're going the right way?"6

She points to the screen "Yes. Calm down, it's say we only have 10KMs to go"9

"Kat, this place is deserted and it's almost noon" I panic3

She ignores me because she's probably also feeling uneasy about this. We drive for a little bit more and then there's some hope because I see a bunch of cars and a lot of people. There is some loud music playing. 2

"See? We're safe" She breathes looking around "And I see Nathan's car"+

"What is this place?" I ask. It's literally in the middle of nowhere. I look carefully to see what I think is a race track. Is it some place people race? Why don't I know about it? And then I look at majority of the cars again and notice that most of them are sports cars.37

"I think it's some race track" Kat reads my mind as she parks her car "Why should Nathan invite me here?"26

I guess we're about to find out.+

***+

Just a filler. Thanks for reading though 🤗❤️11

"You have a lot of explaining to do, mister" Kat demands to her boyfriend who just looks so happy that she's here. 8

Most of the girls that are here are literally half naked. I feel so overdressed compared to them and that says a lot because this skirt is quite short. Some are wearing bikinis (mind you it past 6 pm and it's not exactly hot), others are wearing booty shorts with crop tops. They're all hanging on to some guy who is groping them.15

What is this place?1

"Okay, I'm an illegal drag racer" Nathan announces nonchalantly as if speaking about the weather.54

"What?!" Kat screams looking appalled, I'm guessing I also look the same "Illegal? Meaning you could go to jail? I could go to jail for even being here?"+

"Babe, calm down, the cops don't know about this place" He tries to reassure "You guys are in safe hands"7

"Yeah right" I scoff crossing my arms turning my head to Kat "You promised we'd leave if I didn't like it"1

"No! You guys can't leave" Nathan intervenes determined "I need my girl to watch me race. Please babe"8

Kat seems to think about it for a while before turning to me with an apologetic expression "Just an hour, Chels"9

"Whatever" I sigh. She always picks him over me.78

He kisses her happily "Thanks babe, it'll be worth it. Tell Chelsea to stop being so uptight all the time"52

Dick.28

He leaves us alone saying he has to go prepare for his race. This place is full of hipsters. There is a bar so I'm guessing half the people here are already drunk or something, some are smoking. Overall it looks like a place anyone but me could have fun at. It's like some big social gathering except it's illegal and everyone here could he arrested.5

"Want something to drink?" Kat snaps me out of my dreamland.1

"Just a coke" I shrug not even looking at her cause I'm quite annoyed with her always submissive behavior towards Nathan. What's so hard about saying no?19

She looks like she's about to say something, probably apologize but just sighs instead and walks away.4

I decide to walk around the premises. It's pretty wide spread. The race track is a wide circle, so wide that you can see clearly on the other side of it. I won't lie, it does look exciting.3

"Hey, beautiful" A drunk guy slurs from behind me. I turn around and see a man who looks old enough to be my dad holding a beer can "Want to go somewhere private?"43

Eww.3

"No" I reply bluntly. 2

"Oh come on, sweetheart" He presses, moving closer to me, his gross breath fanning my face.5

I shudder in disgust "Leave me alone." 2

He makes a move to touch me but before he can a hand catches him and pushes him roughly away from me. The old man stumbles back and only then do I see the person who 'saved' me.1

"Kyle?" I gape with wide eyes.146

"What the fuck are you doing here, Chelsea-Anne" He demands grabbing me by the wrist and dragging me some place. I'm already annoyed so I seriously don't need this.64

I try to pry him off me "Ouch! What are you doing here?"1

Finally we reach his destination in some private area with no one else around. Uh oh, is he going to kill me?15

"I asked first. What are you doing at a place like this? Do you know how dangerous it is here?"10

"I came with Kat, okay. Her stupid boyfriend asked us to come watch him" I reply harshly, rubbing my sore wrist "And you? Let me guess... you're also an illegal drag racer?"11

"If doesn't matter. You shouldn't be here"5

"Why do you care?" I snap. 2

He sighs pinching the bridge of his nose "I don't, okay. I just don't need a girl getting hurt under my radar"53

"Well, I'm not under your radar now, am I?" I retort "I didn't even know you were here."5

"Fuck, why do you have to be so stubborn?"9

"Why do you have to be such a dick all the time?" I reply sarcastically "Questions we'll never get the answers to"44

"So I'm being a dick by trying to protect you?" He asks sharply "Listen, you have to go. I'll even take you home. I'll be on time for my race"43

"Oh so you are an illegal drag racer" I tsek shaking my head "Why am I not surprised"15

"You don't always have to add in the 'illegal', you know? Drag racer would be just fine"13

"Yeah, except it's illegal"11

He shakes his head, running a hand through his hair "Listen, I don't have time to bicker with you right now. Can I please take you home?"11

"No. I wanna watch"7

"Fine. Fine" He snaps defeated "That Kathrine girl will get you into a lot of trouble one day. Don't say I didn't warn you"64

I know.3

"It's your friend Nathan that asked us to come here, FYI"7

"Chelsea-Anne, now is not the time to be getting all sassy with me. I'm not your friend" He warns dangerously low, moving closer to me and I can't help but gulp in fear but also in exhilaration with our close proximity, also with how darker his eyes look when he's angry.35

Also how undeniably gorgeous he is.11

I clear my throat, pushing him away "Good luck with your race" 1

"Lucks for suckers" I can't help but chuckle when he says that "Try to stick with Nicholas and Winona, okay?"14

"They're here?"+

"Yes. Now go find them" He shoos me away like I'm a fly. 3

I sigh but do just that. Luckily it doesn't take that long because of Winnie's bright red hair. She notices me before I can greet and happily makes her way to me.+

"Fancy seeing you here" She teases. She looks a bit tipsy "I didn't think this was particularly your scene"+

"It's not. Kat dragged me here" I reply.+

Kat?! Shit, where is she?1

As if reading my mind, Winnie says "She's right over there with Nico. She was looking for you"14

"Oh thank God" I breathe a sigh of relief "Let's go to them"+

We walk and locate them quite easily. She's having a conversation with Nico and next to them is an unfamiliar girl with raven black hair. I can notice a few tattoos on her skin. They look good on her though.+

She makes her way to Winnie and whispers something in her ear which makes her giggle before she clears her throat.+

"Chelsea, this is my girlfriend Delilah, Dee for short" She introduced and the girl smiles at me "Dee, this is my friend Chelsea. She just moved in with Kyle"29

"You're his girl?" Dee asks taking a drag of the cigarette she is holding.6

I snort at the thought "No. Just roommates. I already have a boyfriend"3

"So how come you're here?" She asks walking to some camp chairs and I follow her there taking a seat on an empty one.+

"Uh, my best friend's boyfriend asked us to come here. He didn't exactly tell us what it was. We only knew when we came" I explain.+

Where is he? I'm starting to feel very anxious because Kyle is still not back. Everyone else is occupied and I don't know what to do with myself except take a sip of my beer.7

"Why's the pretty lady standing all by herself" I look up to see a freakishly tall but cute guy looking amused at me. He looks a bit familiar. But at least he doesn't look old enough to be my dad. 9

I shrug "All my friends ditched me"1

"If I was your friend I'd never ditch you" He flirts and I can't help but giggle "What's your name, sweetheart?"22

"Chelsea. What's yours?"2

"Zorro"20

I remember Winnie mentioning a Zorro who always takes turns with Nathan to come second after Kyle.+

"Were you one of the racers?" I fake curiosity. +

What? I need someone to talk to. I don't want to be all alone again.+

He nods but a small frown plays on his lips "Yes but today wasn't a good day. Maybe if I met you before, I would've done better. A pretty girl is always the perfect motivation"5

Oh he's smooth.21

I giggle yet again because apparently tipsy me likes giggling at stupid things "Hate to break it to you but this pretty girl has a boyfriend"14

"Pity" He tseks.10

"You look familiar" I blurt looking closely at him even though it's starting to be blurry "I don't know. You look like someone I know"5

He raises a brow "Well, who do you know?"+

"Not a lot of people" I snort unattractively but I don't really care "I'm what you call socially awkward"23

"You?" He asks looking shocked "Well you're doing pretty well with me. Does this mean I'm special?"2

"I think it's cause of this" I laugh raising the beer so he can see "I'm not normally like this. I'm usually boring"1

"Nah, I doubt it"+

"Get away from her" That's definitely Kyle's voice and it sounds very angry. Who is he talking to? 48

I turn around to see him narrowing his eyes at Zorro. What's happening?+

"What's wrong brother dearest?" Zorro mocks menacingly sounding very different to the sweet and charming him I was just speaking to.117

Wait... Brother dearest? +

That's who he looks like. Kyle. Yes! The resemblance is small but its definitely there; no one can miss it. They're brothers?!3

"What's happening?" I ask confused staring between the very tense looking boys.+

"This assface right here is my little brother" Zorro replies looking at nothing but Kyle "And I'm guessing you mean something to him or otherwise he wouldn't give a fuck"36

So they're really brothers.2

"I don't have time for you games right now, Zach" Kyle snaps impatiently, clenching his fists "Leave her alone and don't ever talk to her ever again"30

"Now you're just daring me to not leave her alone" Zorro smirks bitterly before looking at me "We were having such a nice conversation, weren't we, kitten?"310

Suddenly he doesn't make me giggle anymore.44

"Kyle, can we go?" I'm almost shaking because of how evil Zorro looks at this point. What happened to that sweet guy I was talking to?29

He walks to me and takes my hand in his "I will kill you if I ever see you again, 3rd place"64

At this Zorro absolutely snaps but a guy pushes him back before he can pound on Kyle. I doubt he'd win though. He may be tall but Kyle's got all the muscle.1

"You watch your back, kitten" He shouts after me and I look behind me to see him blow me a kiss which I wish I could throw in fire and watch it burn.47

Who is that guy?3

"I told you not to come here, but no you had to be a stubborn little bitch" Kyle scolds as he opens the door for me and waits for me to enter.236

"How was I supposed to know your psycho brother would be here and acting like the Grim Ripper?" 30

I blame the alcohol for my choice of words.+

He drives away "I swear to God, you annoy the living hell out of me. Just shut up for the rest of the ride and don't ask me any questions"7

"I want to know who that guy was" I snap "You owe me answers, Chambers"4

"I owe you nothing. I told you to go home"+

I groan loudly, my head feeling lighter by the second "Did you tell Kat I left with you. I don't want her to worry"+

"I told Nathaniel to tell her"+

"So that's your thing, huh?" I snort amused and he raises a confused brow "Calling people by their full names?"2

"What?"+

"You call Nathan Nathaniel. You call Nico Nicholas. You call Kat Kathrine. You call Winnie Winona. I'm guessing you call Dee Delilah or something"4

"Nicknames are lame" Is his response15

Typical Kyle Chambers.3

"Whats your full name, mister?" I ask.17

He makes a turn "Can you please shut up? I'm really not in the mood for a conversation. Especially with you"4

"Are you ever?" I mutter because my mouth can't stay closed when I'm like this "Can we please make a stop at McDonald's. I'm craving a McFlurry"48

"No"+

I make my best puppy dog face when he glances for a second "Please!"6

"No. Fucking hell" He response irritated.4

"I'll scream" I threaten. He must think I'm joking because he just ignores me "KYLE CHAMBERS! I WANT SOME MCFLURRY RIGHT N"163

"Okay okay!" He scream as loudly "Fine I'll get you your stupid McFlurry. Jesus!"27

I grin happily as he drives to McDonalds. We drive to the drive thru and he impatiently asks the waitress for a McFlurry. Luckily by the time we reach the receiving window it's already there. He hands to me I grab it happily.6

"Wank you" That's what it sounds like because my mouth is already filled with it.53

"Jesus. I wonder how your boyfriend puts upwith you" He mutters looking at me but I hear him loud and clear.3

I point my spoon at him "I'm very happy right now so don't say anything to kill my mood."3

"Gladly."+

A few minutes later we get the apartment. We make our way up the stairs with me stumbling every now and then but holding on tightly to my ice cream.3

"If you throw up in my house, I will kick you out" He threatens when we enter.6

I dispose of my ice cream cup when I'm done and look at Kyle "Your eyes darken when you're annoyed or angry. Have you ever noticed that?"6

"You will wake up with such a hangover tomorrow" He tseks ignoring my previous statement "I think you should sleep now"23

I shrug because I am quite sleepy anyways "Yeah, that's the best idea you've ever had. I'm proud of you"5

"Nicholas owes me so much for this" I hear him mutter. He always says that when I annoy him.+

I swear to God I will kill Kyle Chambers! Last night I barely got any sleep because him and his latest conquest were too busy enjoying each other's company to care about the amount of noise they were making. All I could here was disgusting moaning and groaning.56

I'm scarred for life.6

I'm already grumpy so the fact that his new girl is now occupying the whole kitchen, making what I think is breakfast, is not what I want to see. But it kind of smells good.1

"Oh morning" She greets chirpily, flipping a pancake "Kyle told me he had a roommate. Want some pancakes?"54

Maybe she's not that bad. At least she didn't call me ugly like the previous girl. And she's fully dressed and not just in a flimsy shirt.+

I nod. I haven't had a proper breakfast in a long time so maybe this is exactly what I need "Yes please."+

"I'm Angeline" She greets with a wide smile. She has beautiful teeth "You're Chelsea-Anne, right?"15

"Just Chelsea is fine" I inform her. "So... why are you making us breakfast?"+

"Kyle and I have an... understanding"+

I raise a brow "Understanding?"+

"He doesn't hit me up unless he's really not feeling well and most of the time my cooking makes him feel better, so yeah" 46

Interesting.+

"Oh, that's nice" I can't think of anything else to say. And why wouldn't he be feeling well? Is it because of Zorro? "Did he happen to mention what was bothering him?"7

She shrug "No. He doesn't speak much"+

Typical. +

We sit in a comfortable silence and after a while she starts dishing up. It's like some sort of buffet because there are plates with pancakes, eggs, bacon, cheese grillers and what not. I wouldn't be surprised if I was drooling.11

"You can dish up" She announces and I don't waste anytime in doing just that. She chuckles as she watches me and I just smile at her half embarrassed.+

A few minutes later Kyle joins us looking fresh as ever. He doesn't even greet, he just dishes up and sits down.13

I open my mouth to say something but he quickly interrupts me before I can "Rule number 4. Mind your own business" He reminds harshly. 8

I gape "I wasn't going to ask about Angeline"+

"I don't care" He grates after swallowing "Normal people eat their food in silence so there's no need to ask about anything"39

I pout frowning. He's so mean.+

"Ignore him. He's always grumpy in the morning" Angeline whispers so only I can hear. I can't help but snort.9

He's always grumpy.+

Kyle narrows his eyes at me but doesn't say anything.+

I finish before them then I get up and grab my bag. "Bye. See y'all"+

"Bye Chelsea" Angeline smiles waving.1

"I meant what I said yesterday" Kyle says suddenly just when I grab the door knob. I furrow my eyebrows "About Zach. Tell me if he contacts you and keep an eye out"21

I gulp nodding, the fear back in my veins "I promise"+

"Bye, Chelsea-Anne"29

**+

"So you're telling me there's a psychopath after you just because he thinks Kyle cares about you and is trying to hurt him?" Kat asks in one quick breath, looking very shocked.8

I nod "Yeah. Basically"+

Except, Kyle doesn't care about me and probably wouldn't even give half a fuck if something happened to me.30

"So, what are you gonna do?+

I shrug chewing on my pen "Winnie and Kyle told me to keep an eye out and report if anything happens"2

"Miss Richards, Miss Gray. Eyes to the front please" Our lecturer, Mr Price warns giving us stern looks.20

We do just that with Kathrine shooting him the same look back. Before Nathan and some other guys, she used to have a thing with him.53

Yeah, she's wild like that. 7

It didn't really last though because he wanted to have sex and she wasn't ready so he dumped her, but that was clearly a long time ago because now she's very much active. And they were anyways going to get in trouble for their little forbidden relationship. 4

He's the youngest lecturer we have, only 28, making him 9 years older than Kat and I. He's not here full time though, only when the senior Mr Price isn't. Which was quite frequent last semester.18

He teaches writing. Although Kat takes Journalism and I take Literature, we both need it as a class. It's always nice in here. Mr Price is really good at what he does; he gets my creative juices flowing.22

"Dick" Kat whispers in my ear and I snort.2

"Are you still not over the fact that he dumped you" I tease whispering.1

She shakes her head "Off course not. I had real feelings for him and all he wanted was to pop my cherry."5

I don't blame her, the guy's kind of hot.2

"At least you didn't let him" I try to reassure "But you still lost it to a douche. How could you let Mick of all people take your virginity?"1

Mick is her ex boyfriend, also a big jerk. +

"He was very convincing"1

I shake my head chuckling. The best friend I was blessed with... "Does Nathan know?"+

"About?"+

"Mr Price"2

"No. He would flip" She replies, eyes to the front so it can look like we're paying attention "You can't tell him"1

"Do I look like I wanna have that conversation with him?" I retort. "Or any conversation"+

"I don't know why you guys don't like each other" I see her pout when I glance "You're both my favorite people and I wish you guys got along"+

"He's the one who always says someone pissed in my cereal" I defend crossing my arms "Tell him to be nicer"7

She sighs "I'll talk to him"+

"Okay, class is over" Mr Price announces ending the slide show. Everyone gets up taking their bags with "Miss Gray, could I have a word with you"1

Kat and I share a confused look "I'll be fine" She tells me and I squeeze her hand before taking my bag and walking out.4

I wonder what he wants.28

***+

"Nicholas, I don't think it's a good idea to be sleeping with every girl" I scold talking a sip of my very delicious latte.+

Nick asked to meet at Kristy's after all my classes because he wanted to speak to me.+

"Well what do you want me to do? Ask for a threesome with her and Dee?" He asks sarcastically, looking flustered. He really likes her.17

"Will you stop being so fucking stubborn and get in?" Kyle snaps for the third time. He's been driving next to me trying to persuade me to get into his Audi.45

"I'm perfectly fine walking" I reply trying to pick up my speed, but who am I kidding? I'llnever be faster than a freaking car. Especially that one.4

"I swear to God" He groans.+

I sigh loudly "Fine. Fine" And then he stops the car and I get in. I sit down grumpily with my arms crossed in front of the seat belt.+

"I'm not the one you should be mad at" He tells me, glancing slightly at my bratty act. 1

"Shh" I tell him. I really don't want to talk to anyone right now.+

I see him shrug before he picks up the speed of the car. Suddenly I wonder what it would feel like being the passenger at one of his drag racing competitions. It must be fun.3

I notice him pass Cottage Hill and I narrow my eyes at him "Where are we going?"+

"To the gym"+

"What? Why?" I hiss annoyed "You could've just dropped me off"+

"I don't trust you to be alone when you're like that"15

I breathe to calm down "Like what?"+

"You know? All emotional and shit" He replies and I can't help but giggle. He looks surprised that I did but doesn't say anything.16

"What do you think I'm gonna do? Commit suicide?"70

He glances at me "Well, will you?"7

"No, Kyle" I laugh shaking my head "At least not over an idiot like Nathan and my so called boyfriend"5

"Okay, good" He replies "If anyone or anything is going to kill you, it has to be me"108

"Does this mean you'll drop me off at the apartment?" I ask ignoring his previous statement "I really don't want to be around sweaty people"2

"I'm already 5 minutes away. I can't go back now"+

Great.+

Since I can't do anything now, I decide to stop groaning and complaining, and embrace the fact that Kyle showed some signs of caring about my well-being. Maybe I'm growing on him. Just like how he is on me.11

"Let's go" I don't even notice we've parked.+

I open the door after he does and follow him into the gym. From the outside, it's large so I can imagine how it must look on the inside.+

Finally we work in and my eyes momentarily widen. Woah, it's niceee. There are all kinds of gym machines you can imagine, a big and long ass swimming pool. I can see what I think is a yoga studio because of all the mats and those big, large rubber balls. There are about 3 stories.8

"Woah, this is nice" I breathe looking around.+

"Yeah" He agrees looking unaffected. He's probably used to it. He starts to walk somewhere and I follow him. The whole time I'm just looking around in awe. There aren't that many people here but I'm guessing it's always full in the morning.+

I'm stopped by a snort from Kyle "What?" I ask confused. 2

"You're following me into the men's room" He replies amused. I look around and notice a male sigh right behind me and almost blush in embarrassment. At least I didn't actually open the door "I have to change. I'll be right out"17

I nod, quickly walking out of the male corridor and just wait for him outside. I can't help but feel like I want to try out a few of these machines. I can't though, because I'm wearing jeans and I know that would be very uncomfortable. +

Maybe next time.5

Kyle walks out looking like a sports model as always. He is wearing loose shorts which expose his strong and beautiful legs, and a very exposing tank top. I can't help my gulp when I see the veins on his fit biceps. 29

Jesus, the guy is freaking sexy.2

"There's drool down your chin" He smirks and I turn red because he has just caught me checking him out. Great! 42

I clear my throat "What are you talking about?"+

He just shake his head amused "You look like you like yoga. Do you wanna try it?"3

"I'm wearing jeans" I say awkwardly. +

As if only noticing now he glances down to confirm "Ask for a girl called Nina and she'll give you some gym stuff if you want"3

Kyle? Being... nice? I could get used to this.+

"Okay" I squeak. "Thanks"2

He shrugs before walking away to probably where all the big machines are.+

It doesn't take me long to locate the yoga studio and locate the lady called Nina. Just as Kyle said, she hands me some gym stuff which luckily fit me perfectly. She informs me that the yoga class starts in five minutes.+

Five minutes later, there are about 8 of us laying down on our mats and following the very patient and kind instructor.+

Kyle was right... I do like this.7

It make me forget all about Noah, Nathan, Kat and all the stupid drama that happened today. I feel relaxed, good; better. I should definitely think about getting a membership here. I wouldn't mind spending my afternoons or mornings doing this.14

I don't know how long we spend there, but when I get out of the studio and search for Kyle, he's nowhere to be seen. I decide to make my way to the car outside just in case he's there and luckily he is.+

"Hey" I greet awkwardly when I get in. He drives away almost immediately "Nina said I could keep the clothes"+

"Yeah, I paid for them" He informs me.62

He did?+

"Oh, thanks" I smile lightly, not wanting to get too excited because I know that kind of makes him uncomfortable "How'd you know I'd like yoga?"+

He shrugs "Every girl does"131

"So this is where you take all your conquests?" I tease smirking.2

"Conquests?" He raises an eyebrow.+

"You know? Your million girls" I explain.+

He rolls his eyes but he doesn't look annoyed or anything "No. Do they look like they like the gym?"+

"They're skinny" I shrug.+

"Yeah cause they only eat salads" He says glancing at me "You don't but you're still okay"49

"I guess it's genes cause I've been told I eat like an elephant" I snort. "They're not lying. I eat a lot"24

He just looks amused the whole time "You know, you're not that bad when you're not being annoying"2

Yep, I'm definitely growing on him.11

"And you're also not that bad when you're not being a giant dick" I tell him smirking.3

"I have a giant dick?" He feigns shock acting like he didn't hear me clearly "Well, how did you know, darling?"117

"Ha-ha, very funny" I deadpan rolling my eyes.2

"Oh no. What's wrong?" Kat asks alarmed when she sees my teary and distraught face. 4

"Noah" I hiccup not being able to say further.+

She opens the door for me so I can enter and I collapse on what I think is her bed as she rubs soothing circles on my back.+

"What happened?" She asks softly.+

Thank goodness Nathan isn't here.+

"He b-b-broke up with me" I sob helplessly, looking at her.37

Her eyes widen in rage "He did what?"4

I sniff "Well he said he wanted to take a break. But I could see in his eyes that it was over, Kat. I don't know what to do"4

She hugs me tightly "I'm so sorry"1

I wipe the tears from my face after a good 10 minutes of just sobbing, sitting up right on the bed "Why'd you tell him about the drag racing? He brought that up"2

"I couldn't lie to him, Chelsea. He's my best friend" She defends "He asked where we were on Saturday since you refused to tell him"108

"I'm your best friend too" I hiss bitterly "You didn't tell me that he was at Cuba. I know for a fact that Nathan was with you"23

She opens and closes her mouth like a fish out of water "He wasn't doing anything wrong"80

"Oh and I was?"12

"I didn't say that" She spits "Listen you didn't ask me. He did. So I'm sorry if you feel like I betrayed you or something like that"96

I shake my head "It doesn't even matter"3

"It's been hard for me to be there for the both of you in this situation" She says softly "I'm sorry if I disappointed you guys"21

"It's fine" I smile tightly, sniffing "I don't want to lose you too"83

"You didn't lose Noah, okay" She tries to scold but I just shrug "He loves you. And I think this break will do you guys good."16

"Maybe"+

She kisses my forehead "Netflix and ice cream?"55

I can't help but grin giddily "Yes please"3

She opens the mini fridge and takes out a huge 2 liter Ben and Jerry's ice cream tube. She grabs two spoons, switches on the laptop and logs onto Netflix and then drapes a soft blanket around the two of us.6

"Any suggestions" She asks me.5

"Can we rewatch 'The Kissing Booth'" I reply sheepishly. I don't know how many times I've made her watch it with me.95

She sighs but forces a smile "Anything for you"2

***+

"Ouch! My eyes!" Kat and I scream at the same time.+

We are greeted by a surprised looking Nathan as he examines us. We were sitting in the dark watching back to back movies for God knows how long until suddenly Nathan walked in and switched on the lights.6

"Uhh, what are you guys doing?" He asks curiously after we've finished adjusting to the very bright light.+

"Watching a movie. As you can see"+

Kat points a finger at me warningly "We were having a movie marathon"+

"Oh" He mutters shrugging.+

"What time is it?" I ask him.+

He takes out his phone before answering "Almost 9pm"+

What? We've been watching movies for 6 entire hours.6

"Woah" Kat chuckles just as shocked and I join her "We need help"+

"By the way, Chels, Kyle was asking where you were" Nathan informs me and I raise a surprised brow "You should probably give him a call"26

How cute. I think.2

"Oh shit, I completely forgotten to tell him"I chew on my lip guiltily. Normally I tell him when I'll be coming back late or I'll be sleeping over. "Can I borrow your phone? I kind of still don't have his numbers"3

Nathan hands it to me.+

"Uhm, so I need to rush to the store quickly" Kat announces nervously "Will you guys be okay?"44

"For what, babe?" Nathan asks.2

"I'll tell you when I'm back" And with that she leaves Nathan and I all alone. How freaking awkward.12

I distract myself from a forced conversation with him by searching for Kyle's number on his contact list. Finally I find it and dial.+

"Please tell me she's with your girl" Is the first thing he says when he answers. He must think he's speaking to Nathan.173

I can't help but giggle "Yep. Here I am"+

"Chelsea-Anne?" He asks, sounding confused.+

"No, its Nathan's twin sister" I joke and I'm pretty sure he catches on "Anyways here I am, so yeah"+

"Oh" He replies, his voice sounding deeper "Good"23

We both stay silent for a while until I realize he isn't about to say anything else "Okay well bye now. See ya"+

Then I hang up. Wowza phone calls with him are all kinds of awkward and uncomfortable. +

"Thanks" I hand Nathan back his phone.+

"Ice cream and movies" He notes looking around "Who's sad? You or Kat? I know girls do shit like that when they are"13

I shrug "You would know if it Kat"1

"So err you, then?" He asks awkwardly and I nod "Listen, I'm sorry about what I said about your boy. I shouldn't have said it in front of everyone and gotten you in your feels like that"10

I wrap the blanket tighter around myself. I really didn't expect that from him "It's fine. He uhm, broke up with me. Kind of"+

"Shit, sorry to hear that" He makes a 'yikes' face and I'm guessing he also didn't expect to hear that "Did he say why?"3

"He just said we've both changed and aren't the people we were when we first started going out" I explain.+

"Uhh sorry man" He says again, patting me awkwardly on the arm and I just laugh at him "So, you were right about Kat and I not being officially and shit. I'm gonna ask her out properly on Friday"8

I can't help but grin. What? I love love. "Really? That's kind of sweet of you. She would really like that"12

"You think?" He asks nervously. If I had any doubts that he really likes her, they have vanished. I know for sure he does now.+

I nod "I know."+

He smiles relieved "Okay good. I'm glad I told you because I honestly wasn't going to go through with it. I thought she was going to think I was being corny, knowing her"+

Nathan is really not that bad, huh?25

"I don't blame you" I chuckle "As much as I hate to admit it, you make her very happy and I don't see anyone else being 'official' with her, so yeah"+

"Chelsea- Anne?" Kyle looks confused when I stumble into the apartment, collapsing on the floor because my feet hurt like crazy "What happened to you? You look like a mess"1

"Your fucking brother" Is the only thing I can manage to get out as I catch my breath and sanity.+

"What?" He booms angrily and shocked "You called me last night and told me you were okay"+

"Yeah, last night" I breath exasperated "I was walking back from Nathan's and he basically kidnapped me with a gun pressed against my temple"+

"He did what!?"+

I sniff angrily "Well it wasn't him. It was some guy called Big Ben but he was just following Zorro's commands. Fucking psycho almost got me killed"+

"Jesus" Kyle mutters, pinching the bridge of his nose "Did he say anything? Did he tell you why he did that?"2

I thought I was all out of tears but apparently I'm not because they start falling down again "He convinced your father that you had an eye on me and now your father wants to meet me. Something like that"9

Kyle sighs loudly looking apologetically at me who's still sitting on the floor, with my back against the wall "I can't believe this"+

"He said to tell you that your father said that time was running out" I whisper wiping my tears away. "I think you owe me an explanation, Kyle"3

"No. No" Is the only thing he says.6

I get up from the floor and stand demandingly right in front of him "Yes, yes, you do. Don't tell me that you don't want to involve me because as you can see, I'm very much involved at this point"2

"No" He repeats again giving me a look that says this is not up for argument.+

Too bad.+

"Listen Kyle" I start off angrily, making hand gestures "I've just had the worst week of my entire life. First, my boyfriend breaks up with me and now I was just face to face with death. You need to tell me what the fuck is going on. Now"+

"You listen. I don't give a fuck about your person problems. I don't even know why you mentioned that. I am not telling you anything about my brother and father" He replies sternly "You'll just have to trust me"34

Seriously?+

"Trust you? Are you fucking kidding?" I ask exasperated. "You've lost your mind"1

Suddenly I'm being pushed against the wall, Kyle right in front of me with darkened eyes "You will not speak to me like that, Chelsea-Anne. I don't think I need to remind you but I'm not your friend and never will be. Don't get too comfortable with me"140

He's not even going to try to comfort me or apologize over the fact that his brother almost got me killed? Fucking jerk.+

"Fuck you" And then I push him far away from me, leaving him momentarily shocked that I possessed enough power to push him that hard. It's surprising what an angry woman can do. And then I run to my bedroom. 28

How could Zorro possibly think Kyle even gives half a fuck about me when he treats me like that?9

***2

"Dude, just put your pride aside and apologize to her. It's the least you can do"3

That's definitely Nick's voice. What is he doing here? I was just about to go make some food after taking that amazing nap, until I opened my door and heard that voice.+

"Me? Did I fucking ask Zack to target her?" Kyle's asks sounding annoyed "You're the one who started all of this. You know what happens to people who get involved with me"8

"How was I supposed to know she'd go to one of your races and meet him?" Nick asks defensively "Shit, I actually feel guilty now. I was trying to help someone out"+

"Well it didn't work" Kyle deadpans.1

"Man, just apologize" I can hear a clapping sound and then a yelp, I think he just smacked Kyle "Fucking hell. I'm sure she was scared to death and your dumbass can't even show her any compassion"62

Thank you, Nicholas.+

"No, I can't apologize to her" He says after a while of silence "She's going to think I care about her feelings"12

"Well, don't you?"1

"Does it matter?" He snaps. "Listen what's done is done. Me apologizing won't solve anything. I'll just have to speak to my father"7

"I don't know how I put up with your stubborn ass" Nick sighs loudly "Dude, didn't you say her boyfriend broke up with her too?"+

"Yeah, so?"+

"And you just didn't care? Fuck, you're so heartless man" Nick says and I completely agree with him. There's some silence for a while before Nico continues "Do you think I should wait until she's up or should I leave?"2

How long exactly have they been discussing me?+

"I don't really care"+

I take that as my cue to make my presence known. I walk to the kitchen and they both turn their head to look at me. I wave softly at Nico. I don't think they suspect anything.+

"Hey" He greets back wearingly joining me in the kitchen "Should I make you something to eat?"10

I chuckle lightly "I'm not sick, Nick"8

"You sure look like it" He teases and I roll my eyes. I can just imagine how true that statement must be though. I'm pretty sure my eyes are swollen from all the crying and my hair is probably a mess "Sit. I really don't mind"6

I shrug "Fine, but don't take long. I'm starving"+

"So Kyle kind of filled me in on what happened" He says softly, taking out the ingredients he needs "Are you sure you're okay?"+

"Mhm" I hum, nodding "I kind of don't want to talk about it right now. I think I've done enough crying in the past 24 hours"+

"He kind of told me about Noah too"+

I know.+

"I'll be fine, Nick, really" I try to smile but it's hard to. "He says we should take a break because we've both changed and aren't the same people we were in the beginning"+

"So he doesn't like this 'changed' you?" Nick asks closing the griller. Yay! I love grilled cheese sandwiches.23

I nod "Yep."+

"I may not know what the old Chelsea was like but I know this one is mad awesome, okay" He grins and I can't help but grin back. "Don't forget that"16

He's right. I am awesome.38

He then hands me my warm sandwich and my eyes widen in excitement. I take a bite and moan at the deliciousness, closing my eyes "Mhmm, thank you for this"35

"Just because you're my friend, doesn't mean you can moan in front of me and I won't get ideas" He points a fork at me.153

My eyes widen and I wrinkle my nose "Eww"4

"Did I tell you that I wanted to bed you at first?" He chuckles but I can see he's serious.90

"Nicholas!" I screech "That's gross"+

"What? Winnie? You're only a freshman?" I gape looking at the red-haired girl like she's just grown a third head.3

She giggles "Yeah. I only came this semester"+

"But how? You know this place better than I do"+

"I told you that I knew Nico and Kyle before this, right?" She asks and I nod "They're in their third semester now so previously I used to come and visit them so yeah"+

"She acts old for her age too, right?" Dee asks looking teasingly at her girlfriend.+

I nod interested, crossing my legs in front of me "You're like what? 17?"3

Winnie nods sheepishly "Yeah. But I'll be turning 18 in December so I'm almost an adult"+

"What semester are you in?" Dee asks me.5

"2nd. Kat and I. What semester is everyone else?"+

"I'm the same as you, and Kyle, Nico and Nathan are in third" Dee replies.10

Wow. I really knew nothing about these people.1

I have a break for a few minutes before the rest of my classes for today resume. Luckily I bumped into these two because Kat was still in hers, and we've just been speaking about nothing in particular, while sitting on the famous lunch spot grass.+

I learned that they've been together for only 2 months and Dee was the one who initiated the relationship. Dee also informed me that she was fully lesbian, while Winnie is just bi. It was a really interesting conversation. They seem very much crazy about each other, making me think of the sad boy that is Nicholas.  34

"So, how's Kyle?" Winnie asks laying her head down on Dee's lap against the grass "Is the living situation getting better?"+

I snort "Kind of. I mean we still argue all the time but I guess I'm used to it by now"5

"So let's say you had the choice to move out. Would you?" Dee asks curiously.+

That is a very good question.+

"I don't think so" I murmur after a while of thinking about it "I mean the guy is insufferable but I don't think I'd want to move out"2

I think I weirdly like his company.3

Winnie laughs "I know what you mean. He's rude but still so likable. I don't know how he does it"9

"I know, right?" I basically shout because she just took the words from my mouth "It's like... I still want to carry on the conversation even if he's being rude half of the time"+

They both laugh.+

"So, uh, what's his story?" I ask warily, taking my chances+

Winnie looks at me awkwardly and apologetically  "I think if you want to know things about him, he's the only one that can tell you. Sorry"10

I had a feeling she would say that.+

"No, it's fine" I wave her off "I was just curious, I guess. I mean the guy really doesn't give much away, huh?"+

"He's like that. He likes his privacy"2

"I've noticed" I murmur before looking ahead of me. I spot Noah walking with his roommate, Jay, and I gulp inwardly. I haven't seen him since... +

He then also looks up and notices me watching him. He quickly looks down again awkwardly, without even waving or acknowledging me.7

Ouch.+

Dee and Winnie must've followed my gaze and seen my frown because they ask "Who's he?"+

I snap out of my trance and look at them "Uhm, Noah"1

"Noah Noah?" Winnie asks confused "Your boyfriend, Noah? Well why didn't you call him over? And why the frown?"+

"We're 'taking a break'" I air quote bitterly, picking on the grass and throwing it away "His idea."+

Dee gives me a sympathetic look "Jeez, are you okay? Did he say why?"+

"He says we need some time apart to think"+

"And how you been coping with that time apart?" Winnie asks, sitting up so she can look at me.2

I've been too occupied with Zorro then Nick then Kyle to actually think too much about it. Which is a good thing, I guess (except the Zorro part). But now that I am, it makes me angry and sad. The last time I properly thought about it was the day it happened, when I was crying to Kat.3

"It's too early to tell" I answer honestly.+

Dee then excuses herself because she has a class starting. I sigh inwardly because Winnie seems to forget the topic on hand. I really didn't want to go further on about it.+

"So, remember the day at the grocery shop" I start off and she nods "Who was your ride and why did they ditch you?"+

I've been meaning to ask.+

She frowns a bit "Oh. It was Dee. We had a fight"+

"About?" I raise a brow and the she bites her lip looking thoughtful "Sorry, I hope I'm not over stepping"+

She waves me off "No off course not. Uhm she thought that I was flirting with Nick. She thinks he likes me"36

Woah.+

"She does?" I feign shock and confusion "Did she say why?"+

"Something about the way he looks at me" She answers "Kyle also said the same thing. But I mean it doesn't make sense, right? There's no way he could possible like me"1

"Well, why not?"+

"He has different girls in his bed everyday of the week, for starters" She deadpans. She has a point really "That not what a guy who likes someone else does, you know?"6

I nod "Maybe there's an explanation"+

Like the fact that he's trying to get you out of his mind.+

She shakes her head "I doubt it. Plus we've known each other for so long. Why didn't he tell me all those times I was single? See, it doesn't make sense"2

"Maybe" I trail off, not wanting to say too much.+

She then snaps her head at me quizzically "Did he say anything to you about it, Chels? Anything at all?"2

Kyle and I finally arrive at whatever destination he was leading us to. It's some indoor garage place which I'm guessing repairs cars or something. I really didn't say anything after his little question. He didn't seem to mind. 22

He always did want to shut me up, didn't he?+

He could've done it in a nicer way. Why did he lead me on by trying to make me believe he was actually being civil towards for me. Only for him to a nerve like that? And he knew exactly what he was doing.+

"Dude someone already came to pick up your cheque" The gentleman in a garage jumper replies. I'm guessing he's been working with the cars because he looks quite dirty and oily.+

"What? Who?" Kyle demands impatiently.+

I could've waited in the car while he was finishing his business but it was way too hot in there so here I am.+

"Said you sent him, man" The guy replies nervously. I'm guessing he's quite scared of Kyle "He went by the name Big Ben"26

Chills run down my spine at that name.4

Kyle pinches the bridge of his nose "Fuck, are you joking?"+

"No, man. He looked legit. Sorry dude. He didn't even leave any contact details"1

"I know him" Kyle sighs annoyed "He works for my father. He was probably sent by him. What doesn't that old man get? I don't want to fucking work for him"+

"Do you think this is his way of getting back at you?" The guys asks.+

I'm so confused.4

"I started refusing his dirty money and making my own, and now he's fucking with me" Kyle hisses angrily.3

Dirty money?3

"Sorry man"+

"Next time don't give my cheques to anyone but me, yeah?" His tone is harsh, making me feel sorry for the poor guy.20

He gulps "Won't happen again, man"2

Before Kyle can continue scaring the poor guy, another one walks in. A leather jacket, jeans and some black boots on him. I can see a few tattoos on his neck, mostly scary and unflattering one's. He looks shady.2

I start to feel really uncomfortable.+

"Well well well, if it isn't Kyle 'I'm better than all of you' Chambers" The guy smirks, chewing obnoxiously on his gum.10

"Fuck, not you" Kyle breathes.+

The guy just laughs bitterly, before turning his attention to me and smiling. I momentarily shake "You. You're just as beautiful as Zorro described. Heya, darling"21

I don't say anything back. +

"Leave her out of this" Kyle hisses impatiently.1

"Ohh. Possessive, are we?" The guys smirks, glancing between the two of us "She must be a tight little one for you to be defending her like that" He looks at me again. "Are you tight, kitten?"289

What's up with disgusting men and calling me 'kitten'?37

If looks could kill this guy would be twenty feet under because of Kyle's deadly stare. Quite frankly, I wouldn't mind. He doesn't look like he does much to positively impact this world, I can just see it in his eyes. 14

"Oh yeah, she definitely tight. I wouldn't mind finding out for myself" The guy continues, roaming my body up and down, and I shudder in disgust.44

Before I can comprehend, Kyle jumps on the guy, knocking him out with just one solid punch before grabbing my hand and dragging me to the car.62

"Get in" He says impatiently and I do just that, my heart pumping so fast and my whole body shaking. I can't even fasten my seatbelt properly so Kyle does it for me.37

What just happened?+

Kyle drives away at a very fast speed.+

"Who was that guy?" I ask after my shock and fear.+

"One of dad's and Zach's goons" He replies tensely, his knuckles turning white on the steering wheel. I'm actually surprised he answered me. +

"Is he gonna be alright?"28

He shakes his head, a very small smile playing on his lips "He just insulted you like that and you're still worried about his well-being? You're too good, Chelsea-Anne."19

"Well I don't want the guy to die or anything" I shrug "Or at least, I don't want to be a witness in a murder"+

"He'll be fine. One punch never killed anyone"62

"How did he know you were there?" +

He sighs "I'm guessing Zach left commands to have them spying on me or something."+

What kind of brother rivalry is this extreme?10

"Did you really need that cheque? I could pay you in advance for rent" I offer meekly. Wasn't I just mad at him or something?3

He smiles. Really smiles this time, and it's as beautiful as I imagined it would be. I mean, I can only see the side of his face because his eyes are still on the road but wow. His nose flares a little but in a cute way. He has a dimple on his left cheek and I can't help but stare. He looks younger; carefree and I'm momentarily captivated.  102

"Don't worry about it. I have other money"3

"Okay..." I murmur. I don't want to ask him about his dad and why he called his money 'dirty'. I don't think he likes talking about his dad at all and the last thing I need is him snapping at me.+

"I don't know why Zach dragged you into this. Probably for his own twisted fantasies but I will try to get you out as unharmed as possible. Like I said before, I don't want anyone getting hurt under my radar. Not even you" He tells me, eyes far into the road.10

I nod, swallowing hard "Okay..."+

I trust him and I don't know why.8

***1

"You are cordially invited to my birthday party tomorrow" Betty comes up to me "It'll be at Cuba"38

"I am?" I ask confused.+

She nods sweetly "Off course you are, silly."6

"Why?" I enquire skeptically. What game is she playing at?+

"Cause I want you there" She shrugs, still with that suspicion smile "So are you gonna come or not?"54

"I'll see" I say.5

She envelops me into a hug and I hug her back awkwardly "Well I can't wait to see you"22

This girl is up to something.39

As I'm still trying to think what her motives could be, I notice a hasty looking Nathan jogging his way to me. I can't help but giggle at the sight. His bag is half way falling off and so is his unzipped jacket. He looks like a mess really.6

"Chelsea" He pants when he finally gets to me, crouching down with his hands on his knees to catch his breath.1

I give him an amused look "Yes?"+

hi. xoxo ;)51

***1

"Happy birthday to you. Happy birthday dear Betty. Happy birthday to you!" And then the happy girl, filled with people that don't even like her, excitedly blows her '19' candle. And then we all cheer as the music is turned back on full blast.22

She booked out the entire club for tonight. I'm not surprised thought because her parents are very rich and would do anything to make their little princess happy.7

"Hey, Bets, come blow on my dick like that" Some drunk frat guy hollers and the crowd laughs. 27

Gross.+

"What a fake bitch. I hope she has a very sad birthday" Kathrine mutters from next to me as she sips on her Margarita cocktail and I just giggle.10

"It's wrong to speak ill of the birthday girl" I scold jokingly.2

She rolls her eyes "Technically, her real birthday is only tomorrow. So I can say whatever I want"+

Kat made sure to fill me in all about her date earlier today. She was so happy it made me happy too. She told me how delicious the food was at the restaurant they went to and how Nathan was such a gentleman the whole time. Then he took her on to the go kart place and asked her to be his girlfriend over the speakers and the people that were there were so happy for them.21

It sounded so cute and romantic.+

Speaking of... Noah is here too tonight and I've actually lost count of how many times we've made that awkward eye contact. I keep expecting him to at least come say hi to me but he clearly has better things to do.18

"Stop thinking about him" Kat scolds. How the girl can see right through me, I'll never know "We came here to have fun, not to frown the whole night. Okay?"1

I nod "You're right"1

"Nothing new" She grins and I just roll my eyes at her "Do you want a cocktail?"5

I shake my head "No, it's that time of the month. I've told you that alcohol messes with my cycle, right?"24

It's true. The minute I drink alcohol during my cycle, it gets all messed up. Most of the time it'll go on for more than a week and I'd just rather not go through that. Sometimes my flow is heavy I'm having to change my you-know-what 5 times or more.123

"Oh yeah, you have" She says remembering "So you're gonna stay sober the whole night? Damn girl"+

It's not like I mind really. 6

"Ladies" Dee and Winnie cheerfully announce when they've finally come back, with wine glasses in their hands "Are you guys having a good time"+

"Indeed" Kat answers for the both of us. Although, I really doubt I am.+

The music is super loud so we're having to shout the whole time. 2

They guys are here too; Nick, Kyle and Nathan but I don't really know where they are at the moment because this place is pretty big. Nick made me promise to keep an eye on him but it's very hard to do that if he just disappears. 2

Kyle clearly didn't want to be here but I'm guessing his friends forced him to come. He looked so uncomfortable with the many bodies bumping into him and stuff; it was hilarious really. 4

I wonder how he manages to get with so many girls if he doesn't even like going out. I guess he's just that hot and irresistible apparently.+

Girl, you know he is. That "apparently" was very unnecessary.19

Shut it, conscience!34

"Do you think we should go find the guys?" Dee asks and we all nod before doing just that. Having to push and squeeze past everyone is one of my least favorite things about a party.+

I think I'm claustrophobic.28

Finally we locate them. I'm quite proud because none of them seem to be mingling with any girls (not that Nathan can anyways), they're just having some light conversation. They're standing right at the end, a bit away from the rest of the crowd.3

Kyle has a huge smile on his face and I can't help but admire. As much as he's rude to them, at moments like these, I can see that he actually loves his boys. Only a few people get to see this side of him. 4

"Ladies. Nice of you guys to join us" Nick grins when he sees us. He looks at me and shows me a small thumbs up as if to say 'no worries, I've been behaving'8

I send him a small wink amused.3

Before much conversation can be made, Kat and Nathan disappear somewhere without a trace and we all just roll our eyes after the realization.2

"Yeah I was counting down the seconds before that would happen" Winnie mutters amused.+

"The dude is whipped beyond control" Nick chuckles "Who knew he'd ever be that way towards a girl?"1

"We're waiting for the day for that to happen to you" Winnie teases.12

Awkward, cause it actually has.3

Nick clears his throat after sharing a 'what do I say' look with Kyle and I "Ha-ha. Guess we'll have to wait and see"17

Not long after, they're lost in their own little conversation and I can't help but feel sorry for Dee. I try to speak to her a few times but I can see that she's distracted and annoyed. She excuses herself to go to the bathroom. Winnie doesn't even notice.10

"Was that awkward or what?" I ask Kyle as I take a seat next to him on the couch.+

He shrugs "Kind of"+

Luckily the music is not too loud at this side of the club so we're not having to yell.+

"So are you having a good time"+

"Honestly, I'd rather be in the gym or behind the wheel" He replies "But it's not as bad as I expected"+

"Easy for you. I keep making eye contact with my freaking ex" I blurt, I don't really know why I'm telling him this "I'd rather be in my bed"4

He doesn't say anything for a while "Why don't you go speak to him?"+

"I don't think he'd appreciate that" I shrug acting indifferent "He made it pretty clear when he kept looking away and acting like he didn't see me"+

"Err, you'll be fine" He says awkwardly and I just laugh at him. At least he didn't say anything rude. "Wait. Is that him? There's some guy shooting daggers this way"4

I look to see and yep, that's definitely Noah with an angry look that I can't quite decipher "Yeah. It is. Why is he looking at me like that?"+

"Dude's probably jealous. He thinks we're up to something" Kyle says.17

"But we're not" I mutter maintaining the intense eye contact with Noah "I think I'm gonna go speak to him"+

Kyle doesn't say anything and I stand up, taking a deep breath to prepare myself for what I'm about to do. 3

Noah notices me making my way to him and looks away before gulping the entire content of whatever drink he was holding.2

I guess we're both thinking the same thing: here goes nothing.+

"Can I speak to you" I say against his ear when I get to him.+

"Speak" He yells over the loud music.23

After we got to Cottage Hill last night, Nick followed Winnie into her apartment and I followed Kyle into his. I think we were just way too tired to have any type of conversation and headed straight into our rooms.1

I couldn't sleep as soon as I would've liked to because I kept replaying all the things that took place.+

Noah treating me like a piece of shit.+

Dee cheating on Winnie, and Kyle and I lying about it. For what? Are we trying to protect Dee? Maybe deep down we just know it's not our place to tell her.4

But what if it is? What if we're robbing Winnie and Nicholas of their happiness. She deserves someone who won't cheat on her the minute they feel insecure. What if Nick is that person? What if she could be happier with him?+

It's none of my business really.10

And then there's Betty's little evil schemes. Does that girl ever stop? Seriously? Exposing people's secrets like that? She's crazy. What if my name had been selected. What would she have said about me?+

I'm so glad I wasn't inside during that time. I can only imagine how horrible it must've been for the victims, my best friend included.+

Sigh.4

I finally decide to get up from my very comfortable bed and take a quick shower. Speaking of... I'm pretty sure Kyle's bedroom is an en-suite because I've never seen him use the bathroom I use. Not that I want to.14

I get dressed in my cotton shorts, a black tee shirt and flip-flops, also tying my hair into a messy bun on top of my head. My stomach starts to growl and I make my way to the kitchen to prepare some food.14

Cereal won't suffice so I decide on eggs and bacon. I make some for Kyle too, because why not? When I'm done, I put his in the microwave since he's not up yet or so I think, and I happily munch on mine.1

He's probably at the gym.+

I start to clean up the place. It wasn't really messy or anything since Kyle is surprisingly a neat freak, and so am I. Kind of. I sweep, dust and wash the dishes. He has a dishwasher but I feel bad using it and wasting water just for a few dishes that I can finish up myself.15

A few minutes after I'm done, Kyle shows up from his bedroom with damp hair and I'm guessing he just took a shower. We're coincidentally both wearing black shirts and shorts... although his are much longer than mine. And he looks better in them. Weird comparison, but it's true.8

"Morning" I chirp sitting on the couch and watching some reruns of 'Jessie'61

He yawns "Hi"8

"No gym today?" Normally he starts his day off there. I actually thought that's where he was. It's sad that I never know if he's home or not.+

He shakes his head and then I think he notices that we're kind of matching cause his eyes linger on me for a while before ruffling his blonde locks "I was worn out"24

Same.+

"I was making some breakfast and then I made some for you too. I mean, you don't have to eat it if you don't want to or anything. I was just being nice. I'm sure it's nowhere as good as Angeline's" I start to ramble uncontrollably.2

What? He makes me nervous when he's not being rude to me.+

"Jeez, I'll eat it" He answers amused.3

"Okay" I squeak as I watch him take it out and doing just that before focusing my attention back on the TV.+

It's that episode where Jessie and Luke linked up to make music and dance at the park. Jessie is currently playing 'Texas Boys' and Luke is dancing along. I love this episode.92

"I hope I don't get a stomach ache from this food" He says. His back to me so I can't tell if he's joking or serious.+

"Why? Does it taste bad?"+

"Relax, I'm kidding"3

Kidding? With me?6

"You are?" I ask confused and slightly shocked.+

He turns his back to look at me and rolls his eyes "You don't have to make a big deal out of everything. I kid around sometimes"+

"Not with me" I murmur.+

"I'll admit, Chelsea-Anne, you're kind of growing on me" He says biting into his toast nonchalantly.72

Ahhh!!! +

My eyes widen in excitement "I am?!"16

I hate that I'm such a people-pleaser, but I can't help it. The minute I find out that someone doesn't like me, I go out of my way to convince them that I'm not that bad. I always do that. 51

I even did it with Betty until I found out that she was just a nut job and it was nothing personal that she didn't like me.+

Looks like I'm getting there with Kyle though.+

"Jesus, okay I take that back"2

I'm still grinning like an idiot "I'm allowed to be excited. I thought you'd find me annoying until the end of time"1

"Oh I still do" He snorts and I frown "I'm just immune to it now. Hence I say 'you're growing on me' and not 'I like you, we should be friends'"13

Fair enough.+

"I'll take what I can get" I shrug, the smile back on. 1

He gets up from his seat and rinses his plate before placing it in the cupboard "Whatever. I have to go now"7

"Where?"+

He shoots me a look that says 'I just told you that we're not friends so the fact that you're asking me that is blowing my mind'. "None of your biz"28

Before I can protest, he's already out of the house with car keys in his hands.+

Again: It was good while it lasted.6

*** 2

After being home alone and bored out of my mind, I finally decide to gain some courage and go to Winnie's room.1

I know she's probably still mad at me but I'm hoping Nick is still there and will hopefully ease the tension. He has that effect on people. I just hope I won't crack and tell them both what really happened last night.+

Fingers crossed.+

"Oh, Chelsea" She opens the door surprised when she sees me.2

I wave shyly "Hey. Can I come in?"1

She moves to the side opening some space for me to enter "Sure."+

I've only ever been inside her apartment once so I'm still not fully used to it. It mostly has red furniture; red couch, red kitchen equipments such as the toaster and the kettle. Red curtains, and a few paintings of red-ish shades.10

She sure loves red, huh?1

"Chels" Nick grins when he sees me. For some reason he is shirtless showcasing his slightly smaller than Kyle's abs and biceps "What up?"22

"Daddy?" I answer the call, pleasantly surprised. It's not often the man communicates with me. He's too busy with his other family.91

"Sweetie" The deep familiar voice answers. That's definitely him. I thought maybe it was my step-brother. He sometimes uses my dad's phone to call me "How have you been?"16

"Fine?" It come out as more of a question.+

"Good. I just called to ask if you received the money" He says.+

Off course you did.6

My dad thinks that sending me a lot of money will make up for all the time he doesn't spend with me. If my mom found out that he sends me so much, she would kill him. My dad helped me open another bank account which my mom doesn't know about.30

He's a very wealthy Real Estate Agent who got remarried a few years ago after his divorce with my mom. Him and his wife have a 9 year old son- Christian. He's cute and so lovely, but I haven't seen him in such a long time.13

"Oh, sorry, I haven't looked at my notifications yet but I probably did" I reply, still slightly shocked that he actually called "Thanks"+

"How's senior year going?" He asks.8

Seriously?1

I roll my eyes even though I know he can't see me "Dad, I'm in college. And it's going well, I guess"16

"Oh, right, I forgot. But I'm glad it's going well, princess" He mutters awkwardly. Liar "Listen, Chris misses you a lot. He's wondering when he can see you again"+

I coo inwardly. The boy really likes me and I don't know why because I'm pretty sure his mom doesn't. She tries to hide it but I can see right through her. Everything just feels so forced and awkward between us. I don't like visiting their home much because of her even thought it's very nice there.5

"Uhm, when can I come?" I ask "Did you speak to mom about it?"1

I don't even know why I bother asking that question.+

He stays quite for a while "I don't have to ask Lacey. I'm your dad, you can come whenever you want to."10

Typical.1

"Uhm okay, I'll look when I'm not busy then I'll call you back when I know" I reply looking at the ground "Say hi to him for me"2

"Okay princess. Bye"+

"Bye daddy" I mutter and then hang up the phone before kicking a lone stone that was laying on the pavement. I don't think he realizing how much it pains me that he doesn't even treat me like I'm important to him. It's been years now but it still hurts.6

My mom and I never, as in never speak about him. But I guess that she realizes that any girl needs their dad because some holidays she sends me to my 'grandma's' (My dad's mother. They maintained a very good relationship even after everything) even thought she knows that my dad will end up picking me up from there and spending the holiday with his family.1

My mom just pretends to not know. When I come back from the holidays, I don't even mention it but I know that she knows. She's never told me what exactly went down between them, and I think I was too young to remember. I just remember the fights but not what they were about.7

"Okay I'm back" Kyle announces, slightly panting. I didn't even hear him jog his way back to where I was. He quickly went to go fetch something that he forgot in the house.3

We're walking to campus from the apartment because he said his car went for repairs. I'm still paranoid about walking alone so he wasn't too hard on me when I asked to walk with him.2

I don't say anything and we carry on the walk in silence, my thoughts consuming me to the point that I don't even want to speak. +

"You're uncharacteristically quiet" He notes after a while "Not that I'm complaining though"15

He noticed.7

I look at him sheepishly and see that he has a curious look on his face "Sorry, it's just uhm- my dad called"+

"Oh?" He asks very confused.+

"He doesn't call very often" I explain. "Or, you know, acknowledge my existence either so it was kind of weird. He thought I was still in high school"8

Again: I don't know why I'm telling him this.2

He doesn't say anything for a while, looking interested for the first time ever "You have daddy issues?"124

"Yeah, I guess" I can't help but giggle because the word 'daddy' sounds so weird coming from his mouth.27

"Mhm" He hums. For once he actually looks like he cares and doesn't have that expressionless look he always does "One would never guess"+

"How so?" I ask curiously.+

He shrugs "I don't know. You're always happy and all cheery, by the way, it's kind of nauseating. Anyways one would think you have this picture perfect family. I, for one, did."5

"Yeah not even close" I snort shaking my head "My mom never speaks about my dad, she just acts like everything is okay. My dad forgets about my existence and sends me money to make himself feel better. My step-mother hates me. The only thing even close to perfect out of this is Christian, my step-brother"9

Woah. Did I really just tell him all of that?6

Before he can speak (if he was going to), I interrupt him "Shit, I'm sorry for just dropping everything on you like that. I mean, you probably don't even care. That was so embarrassing"10

He looks amused "You sure ramble a lot, don't you, Chelsea-Anne?"11

"Sorry" I repeat sheepishly.1

"So, Christian?" He asks curiously, a brow raised. He looks cute like that. All scarred and whatnot.4

I nod smiling "Yeah he's my step-brother. My father's son from his new wife. He's 8 and he likes me. I'm not really sure why"69

"I'm also not really sure why" He jokes and I shove him playfully, feigning offense but he doesn't even bulge. Stupid gym. "So why exactly does his mom not like you?"20

I shrug "I'm probably a reminder to her that my dad had a life before her or something"+

"Oh" He trails off saying nothing else. +

We carry on the rest of the five minutes in a comfortable silence. I can't believe that he voluntarily had a conversation with me for such a long time. I mean, I would've liked for it to go on until we actually reached campus but I can't bring myself to complain.+

I'm definitely growing on him.17

***1

"Oh thank goodness he's gone" Kat mutters after entering the Writing class and being greeted by the senior Mr Price.1

"Yeah..." I nod agreeing as we make our way to our seats.+

The senior Mr Price greets the class and we all greet back "I hope my son hasn't been so good that you guys aren't happy to have me back" He jokes and the class laughs. Some are obviously faking it to make the old man feel better.5

I can't help but wonder just how many students his son has had a thing with... Clearly it was a habit of his.+

"Right so, I want you guys to write a piece today about your 'safe place'" He explains, putting his glasses on "It can literally be a place or it can be something else like a person or a mind-state, for example. Just make it interesting"33

After a long week, it's finally the weekend and this one Kyle is racing again.+

He pleaded me not to come watch but I mean, Zorro is still out of the country and I don't see what could go wrong. What am I supposed to do at the apartment all by myself? I very much like watching the races.59

Dee has been avoiding Kyle and I the whole week so we haven't had a chance to confront her about telling Winnie. We know for a fact that she hasn't cause Winnie is still kind of giving us the cold shoulder. She doesn't know that she should be giving that to the person that she's been attached by the hip to.2

My week just mostly consisted of handing in assignments and getting new ones, also avoiding any type of drama. I have way too much on my plate at the moment. 3

Everyone else has been okay; Kat, Nick and Nathan. Kyle has gone back to not engaging in conversations with me. Sigh. We just have the usual "hi", "bye", "can I ride with you to and from campus", "please shut up", "Nicholas owes me so much for this"4

Like I said... the usual.12

Earlier today our conversation consisted of:+

"I heard you guys talking about the race. You're forbidden to go" He announced when he came into the apartment. I had just been watching TV.3

"Excuse you but you're not my dad" I retorted "I'll go if I want to"5

He sighed annoyed "This is not up for debate. Do you want a repeat of last time?"+

"You told me that your brother was still out of the country so that definitely won't be happening"+

"He can send other people"1

I rolled my eyes "Exactly so it's safer if I'm not all alone in the apartment. Plus Nick said he'd protect me"+

He scoffed "Nicholas? Really? He's gonna get distracted by any girl that walks past him"4

"No he won't" I defended "Don't worry, I won't be your problem. If anything happens, you wont have to 'rescue' me or whatever"+

"God, you're fucking stubborn" He grumbled through gritted teeth before walking to his room.28

And yeah, that was basically it.+

On the Wednesday, Angeline came again making me wonder what he was upset about this time. I think it had something to do with his mom because he had been speaking to her on the phone earlier on.21

He probably fixed his speaker because that day I couldn't hear anything from the other side.1

Pity.4

He's been in a real bad mood ever since.+

"Oh my gosh, I wish I could punch that girl in the tits" Kat mutters annoyed from next to me.11

I follow her gaze and see a half-naked girl eyeing Nathan like he is her last meal. She whispers something to her other half-naked friend, fixes her hair and then licks her lips before swaying her way to Nathan.3

"Okay that's it" Kat screeches angrily making a move and I hold her back. "Let me go, Chelsea, I swear to God"1

One thing about my best friend is that she's hot-headed and tends to act irrationally in certain situations such as this one.4

"Kathrine. He won't do anything with her. You're here for goodness sake" I scold her sternly, grabbing her chin so she can't look at the sight that's making her this angry.4

"Okay then look for me" She grumbles crossing her arms "Tell me what they're doing now"+

"He's just talking to her. He looks annoyed. See?"+

She growls "Why is he even talking to her?"15

"It doesn't matter. From the look on his face I can see that he doesn't want to but clearly she's not getting the message" I tell Kat as I observe the sight. +

Nathan really does look annoyed. How cute. The old Nathan would be making out with her by now. 1

Kat breathes "Promise?"2

"I swear. But don't look though. I know you're still going to lose your mind"+

She rolls her eyes "Okay then let's go get food. It's the only thing that will distract me"4

I wonder if they even serve food here, the only thing I ever see is alcohol and cigarettes. Regardless we walk to the little tuck shop with hope. Luckily they do, only fries though but we're not starving or anything so they'll suffice.+

"Better?" I ask Kat as she chews happily.+

She nods, showing me a toothy grin and I just laugh at her. She's such a child. "Hey, so are Winnie and Dee avoiding us or is it just me?"+

It's true. They're here too but haven't made any moves to engage with us. I know they would with Kat if I wasn't with her. I'm the problem apparently.10

"They definitely are. I don't know why Winnie is though" I mutter agitated "If she knew what I did she would be staying far away from Dee"+

"Maybe you should tell her" Kat suggests softly "Dee is making no moves to and that's affecting your guyses relationship. I was with them yesterday and she's acting like everything is okay"4

"It's not my place" I reply.25

"Okay but for the record, if I was Winnie in this situation, I would really appreciate it if you told me. I know she's not your best friend or anything, but it's the right thing to do" Kat says "I would always rather hear anything bad from you"13

When she says that I can't help but think of Mr Price and what I know about him, and then feel guilt that I haven't told her.+

I just smile "Yeah, I guess you're right. But I'm still not telling her though"42

And I'm not telling you either.5

We then spot Nicholas enthusiastically, as always, making his way to us.+

"Ladies" He greets when he gets there.+

"Gentleman" Kat teases and we all laugh.1

"Listen, Nathan is asking if you could please bail him out with that girl. Just like go there and mention that you're his girlfriend or something. Even slap her if you want to" Nick says pointing to the sight "He's been trying to let her down gently but the girl just won't take a hint"8

"Okay, Chelsea, I think you're gonna cut my blood circulation" Nicholas yelps "What's going on? Why are you holding me so tightly? Don't tell me you're falling for me"10

Ha-ha.3

I didn't realize how strong my hold was getting so I slightly ease it up "Uh sorry. It's just- Kyle told me to be careful"+

"What? Why?"+

"Big Ben is here" I say barely above a whisper.4

Nick's eyes widen "What? And Kyle let you stay here?"+

"He didn't want to" I quickly defend "But he said Big Ben would probably follow me home anyways so it's better if I'm with you guys"3

"Are you okay, though?" Nick asks softly.+

I shrug indifferent "Doesn't matter. Can we focus on the race now?"+

I'm not trying to be rude, I just don't like talking about it.+

As always, the blue car which belongs to Kyle is first, with approximately five more laps to go. The crowd is just excited and cheerful as they always are at the result; I'm guessing most of them betted on him. Nathan's green one is involved in an epic battle with a silver one that I never noticed the last time.2

He's always fighting for second place, huh?16

I can't help but look around for Big Ben, it's not that I want to see him I just can't help myself. A man as big as him would be hard not to noticing, leaving me with the conclusion that he's either hiding or he left.+

Hopefully the latter.+

I just want to have a good time with all my friends without worrying. Apparently that's too much to ask for this new life I've been exposed to.+

"Hello? Why do you look like a zombie?" Kathrine asks, appearing from God knows where. I could hear her screaming Nathan's name though.+

She's that loud.2

"Leave the girl alone" Winnie defends, probably knowing my state of mind.+

Kat gives me a look as if to say 'oh so you two are speaking now?' I give her one back that says 'I'll explain later'.2

We communicate with our eyes sometimes.31

Kat sighs "I hope Nathan gets second place. That dumbass silver car is just not giving up"5

"It was like this the last time too and he got it in the final lap. Don't give up" Nico tries to reassure. I nod to try and act like I'm also giving the same advice. She was going to expect me to say something.+

"Hey, do you guys know where Dee went? I haven't seen her since the race started" Winnie asks worriedly.3

I also haven't actually.+

"Oh yeah. I forgot to tell you that she left. She said she had an emergency" Kat informs her forgetfully. "Sorry, I really thought I told you"+

Winnie just hums, looking a mixture of thoughtful and annoyed "Okay, thanks"+

Dee is playing a dangerous game here. Sooner or later, Kyle is going to lose his patience and tell Winnie himself.4

Before we can all dwell any longer on the suspicious acting Dee, the half naked girl waves the flag that signals that it's the last round. The racers pick up their speed, Kyle included even though he's easily winning. The crowd gets louder and my anxiety just bubbles. Who knows what will happen when the race is over? I think I just want to leave immediately.2

Regardless, I find myself cheering a faint "Go Kyle"+

I know he said he didn't need my support, but here it is. +

Kat seems to hear because she says "I think you should be cheering for Nathan because Kyle is obviously going to win"13

"Go, Nathan" I cheer to make her happy.+

She grins and then joins me. This seems to work because her boyfriend does end up finishing second place, causing her to jump all over the show. "Woo! It worked!"+

I can't help but smile at the sight.+

"She definitely is his biggest cheerleader, huh?" Nick muses looking at my best friend "I wonder who's Kyle's"3

Probably some girl he had sex with the last week. Actually Angeline has been the only one in a long time... or so I think. Sometimes I hear him come to the apartment really late. Maybe he takes his conquests elsewhere now. At least that means he's starting to gain a bit of respect for me by not doing it in the house.36

Kyle and Nathan then both appear, looking kind of flustered. Kat immediately runs to her boyfriend, enveloping him in a hug and laying kisses all over his face.+

"I think it's best if we all leave now" Kyle announces.+

"What? Why?" Nathan asks.+

Oh yeah, him and his girlfriend/my best friend still don't know about the altercations that have been going on with Zorro and his goons.2

I don't think I want them to.+

"You guys can stay if you want to" Nick suggests when Kyle has no explanation "But the rest of us are very much exhausted"+

Kat looks at me suspiciously "You are?"+

I nod under her questioning gaze "Yep. Long week, you know? Plus you said I looked like a zombie so I probably need all the sleep I can get"1

This seems to convince her enough because she just shrugs "Okay. But I think we're gonna leave too. I don't like this place unless I'm drunk"1

"Okay I'll see you tomorrow" I hug her.+

Nick, Kyle and Winnie then wave at them before we make our way to Kyle's car. I'm guessing Nick is going to crash at Winnie's again because there's no way we're driving all the way to campus.+

Which is where he lives by the way.+

"I didn't see any signs of him" I say.+

"Why were you even looking for him?" Winnie scowls unimpressed. We're both in the backseat and Nick is in the passenger with Kyle obviously driving.+

"I saw him leave just before the starting flag was waved" Kyle informs.3

I can hear Nick sigh "Dude you should seriously speak to your father. This shit is getting out of control"+

"You don't think I know that?" Kyle snaps.+

"So are you gonna talk to him then?" Winnie asks demandingly in the same voice that Kyle used to snap at Nick.+

"Jesus, fine I will" He replies exasperated.+

"Now would be the perfect time to fill me in, ya know" I blurt after we're enveloped in a tight silence.1

"No" Kyle replies harshly "And you two can't tell her either or so help me God"9

So they do know.+

Hey guys, I really hope you're enjoying so far. +

(I had to write this cause I deleted a part and then my whole numbering was going to be wrong)+

Anyways... feel free to leave comments on my story (nice ones, I hope). I always want to hear your opinion. You can ask questions too... But please don't ask for spoilers :)20

"Kat wanted to go shopping. Do you think we should call her?" I ask Winnie.2

She woke me up this morning, telling me that the boys had already left and it was a good idea if I continued my sleep in her room. I fully woke up instead, showering and eating before going to her's. +

We didn't really speak much the whole time because I was scared that if we did, I'd start asking her questions about my finding from last night. I don't think she'd appreciate that.+

She noticed my silence and asked what was wrong. I just told her that I had a headache. It was half true though. +

She nods eagerly "Yess. I'm in desperate need of new clothing"+

I then dial Kat's number, informing her to meet us at the mall. I then wait for Winnie to get ready before she drives us there.4

"Hi, my bitches" Kat greets excitedly when she sees us. I haven't been inside this mall in such a long time but it's still as big as I remember.1

I would know because Kat always used to drag me with her and go inside all the shops. Now that I'm thinking about it, I'm kind of dreading this. I guess I just wanted to get out of the house.+

"Hi Nathan's bitch" Winnie teases cause the both of us to laugh and Kat to scowl.2

"Only he can call me that"24

Winnie covers up her laugh "Okay sorry"+

"Let's get shopping" She grins happily.3

Oh good lord.+

"I totally agree" Winnie also grins. Oh no, I'm with two shopaholics.+

Kat narrows her eyes at me when she sees my lack of enthusiasm "You, lady, will very much shop too, okay? No excuses. It's time to put all that money your dad sends you to use."10

"I guess" I shrug as we start to walk around "Did I tell you that he called the other day?"+

Her eyes widen "He did?"+

"Wait, I'm confused" Winnie chirps "Isn't he supposed to?"+

"Well I think the last time he did was a year ago" I inform her "So it's a surprise every time he does"1

Winnie frowns "Oh, I'm sorry to hear that"+

I wave her off "Don't be. I'm used to it"+

"But he sends her a big stack of cash all the time" Kat says to try and make the mood lighter "Which today she will be using to shop until she drops"14

I can't help but smile.+

The two of them find a clothing store they're interested in and drag me along "Okay, so our full attention is on you, Chels. We will help you pick" Winnie announces.1

"No you don't have to"+

"We want to" Kat interrupts sternly.+

I groan "Okay fine then. I guess I need dresses and a few jeans"8

"Good" Kat grins satisfied that I gave in.+

****+

"Can I please tell you about my day yesterday. It was absolutely horrible. Kat and Winnie dragged me to go shopping with them and I was so exhausted after" I rant to a very uninterested Kyle. "I even bought things I didn't need just to get them off my back"20

I'm guessing he only got to the apartment a few hours ago after visiting his home which means that he didn't attend class because they're all over now.+

"I don't really care" He tells me watching something on TV, with me right next to him on the couch.2

I shrug "I need someone to talk to"4

I hate to admit it, but an entire day without him was so long and boring.2

"If it wasn't for the fact that I was seeing my father, I would've really enjoyed my time away from you" He deadpans dryly.6

Jeez.+

"Just when I thought you couldn't get anymore blunt" I tsek but lucky for him I don't care enough to take it to heart "How did that go? Did he promise to leave me alone now"+

"Men like him don't keep promises anyways"+

I frown deeply "So he's still going to bother me?"+

"Don't worry about it" He tells me.+

"Hate to break it to you, Chambers, but that doesn't really ease my conscience" I scowl "I need you to tell me that he'll leave me alone, your brother included"+

"He'll leave you alone. My brother included" He mimics expressionlessly giving away that he's just saying that cause I asked him to.2

I pinch his shoulder hard and he yelps "Kyle, I'm serious"10

"Okay jeez. I don't know if he will. He didn't exactly give me a straight answer" He replies rubbing his shoulder. I didn't pinch him that hard, seriously.7

"What did he say?" I ask.+

"The usual, which is if I want him to do something for me then I have to work for him" He explains, clenching his jaw and I can tell this topic ticks him off.4

Was my research right?+

"Well what's so bad about that?" I try my luck.+

He turns his head that was on the TV the whole time to look at me, his beautiful grey eyes darker "Everything... And I don't know why I'm telling you this"+

I gulp mesmerized "Okay... Your eyes"12

"What about them?"+

"They're... pretty"102

Shut up Chelsea! Mouth, control yourself!5

He chuckles and they soften instantly "Didn't you tell me they darken when I'm agitated? How are they pretty then?"13

"Uhm I guess they're pretty like that too"6

He looks amused the whole time "Your nose flares when you're agitated, and your forehead creases. Nothing really happens to your eyes"66

He notices.1

I touch my nose then forehead on instinct sheepishly "I need to work on that. I don't think I like it when people know I'm angry or annoyed. I don't want them to feel bad"1

"If they made you angry, then they have every right to feel bad" He informs. "You care too much what other people think"6

"I know" I mutter embarrassed.+

He doesn't say anything.+

"Was your mom happy to see you?" I ask curiously, after a while of silence "She sounded like she missed you the other day"+

He nods "Yeah. Too happy"+

I snort, trying not to coo because I know that would make him uncomfortable and probably shut off after "Well at least someone is happy to see you"6

"I know you missed me, Chelsea-Anne" He replies smugly, a smirk playing on his lips "You don't have to pretend"53

I did.+

"You wish, Chambers" I snort, my heart beating faster. That happens when I lie. I sure hope he doesn't notice. "You're the one who missed me"7

He shrugs "I'll admit, the quietness was a bit unsettling at first. I haven't had it in a long time"20

I'm disturbed from my slumber by the constant vibration of my phone. I retract it from my back pocket and swipe to answer with my eyes still closed.+

"Hello?" I murmur half-asleep.+

"Chelsea-Anne?" 4

My eyes snap open "Kyle?"+

"Yeah, uhh, where are you?"2

What? I remove my phone from my ear for a second to see that the time is 02:33. Oh my gosh.9

"I'm so sorry" I hastily start to apologize "I must have fallen asleep at Kat's. I totally forgot to warn you that I wouldn't be back"+

I normally do.+

"Oh" He murmurs breathing slightly "Not that I care or anything but I just wanted to see if you were safe or something. Whatever"111

Oh Kylie, you do care!16

His voice over the phone sounds so husky and oh so deep. Mhmmm.40

I can't help but grin "Yep, I'm very much safe, Chambers, no worries"+

"Err, okay. At least I had some peace for the whole afternoon" He informs, his voice sounding lighter and playful.15

I breathe a laugh "Well, don't get used to it cause I'll be back very soon"+

"Unfortunately" He murmurs.3

"Hey, guess what?" I blurt, not wanting the conversation to die down just yet "I'm single now"30

I don't know why I'm telling him this.+

"Uhh, weren't you always single?"16

I can imagine that cute confused expression he always makes. The one with his scarred eyebrow raised.2

"No. We were on a break and now that break is over and we decided to break up for good" I explain thoughtfully.6

Why am I telling him this?6

"That explains why you're at your friends then. I'm guessing you two spent the whole night crying and eating ice cream. Girls do shit like that"38

I laugh really loud this time "We did that last time. There were less tears this time and there wasn't really any ice cream, just sleep"+

"You do sound okay" He notes.3

I shrug but he can't really see me "I guess"1

"Why exactly do you tell me these things?" He asks the question I've been asking myself, sounding curious "We're not exactly friends, you know?"2

"You're easy to talk to" I admit. "And you're a good listener. Literally. All you do is listen, you seldom respond"4

I hear him snort "That does sound like me"5

"See? It's a win-win. I like to speak and you like to listen" I grin.10

"Who says I listen, huh?" He asks playfully.2

I think he does.+

I hum thoughtfully "Do you?"+

"Wouldn't you like to know" He replies "I think we should sleep now. We still have class in a few hours"22

"Okay, night night Chambers."2

"Night, Chelsea-Anne"6

I can't help the smile that plays on my lips when I collapse on the pillow and fall asleep again.23

****+

"Delilah, why have you been avoiding me?" I demand with crossed arms, when though I know the answer to that question.1

I was coming from my previous class when I bumped into her. As always, she was goin to make a dash for it but this time I held her tightly by the arm.+

She chuckles nervously "What are you talking about?"4

"Seriously?" I deadpan scowling "You have to tell Winnie. I'm serious. You can't keep expecting us to lie to her"1

"I will" She persists.+

"When? You've had more than a week now" +

She sighs dreadfully "I've tried, Chels, I really have but I just can't get it out. I can't hurt her like that"7

"You should've thought about that when you did what you did, Dee" I say softly "Now the only thing you can do to redeem yourself is tell her the truth yourself, not anyone else"+

"How? Have you ever had to break bad news to someone you love?"+

I nod "I have actually. Just yesterday"3

Confirming Noah's answer.+

"Then you know how it feels"+

"Yes but I also know that it's something that has to be done" I tell her.1

"Oh hey you two" Comes Winnie's voice. Dee and I immediately fake smiles at the sight of her "Do you guys wanna grab a table at Kristy's cause I'm starving"+

"No, uh actually..."+

I interrupt Dee "Yes we do"+

Maybe I can make some excuse when we get there to leave the two of them alone and then give Dee a look warning her to tell Winnie or else. I mean what better time to tell someone you cheated on them that when they're having some of the delicious milkshake from Kristy's? It probably won't hurt as much in the end.6

I hope.+

"Cool" Winnie grins as we make our way to the cafe. We make small talk there; mostly just Winnie and I. Dee is quiet half of the time; probably all the guilt and dread eating her up.+

We get to the cafe to find that Kat, Nico and Nathan are already there.2

Deja vu much?13

Looks like my mission is going to have to wait a while longer.1

Kat waves an excited hand when she sees us and we shrug before walking to join them. Winnie joins Nathan and Kat on their side of the booth on the couch, and Dee and I join Nico, with me sitting right next to him.+

"We've got to stop meeting up like this" Nico jokes because this is the second time that the whole group (except Kyle) has shown up at Monet's without planning it.13

I laugh "Tell me about it"+

"You guys don't have to order" Kat tell us "We accidentally ordered 10 muffins and you know how big they are so you guys can have the rest"3

"What do you mean by 'accidentally'?" I ask.+

"Nate and I didn't know that Kathrine had already ordered for us so we ordered for ourselves" Nico explains.+

"Sweet" Winnie grins shrugging.+

Nathan looks at me since he's anyways sitting right opposite me "You know, Chels, you and I haven't had a one-on-one in long time"5

"We've only ever had one" I snort.2

"You guys should have another one" Nick advises because he's still convinced that he's Dr Phil when it come to Nathan and I.3

"Can I be present this time?" Kat chirps enthusiastically.+

"Babe, it's not a one-on-one if there are three people present" Nathan informs his girlfriend causing her to frown and the rest of us to laugh.+

After finding out that we don't have classes until next week Monday (after the weekend) to prepare for the exams, I decided to call my dad and telling him that I would be coming.2

It was a hard decision really cause I also want to go home to visit my mom, but I mean I haven't seen Chris and dad in such a long time so I guess I had to make that sacrifice.1

I don't know how to feel though. Should I tell mom? I don't think so. I'll just visit on another weekend to make myself feel better. +

Should I be excited to see dad? I haven't seen him since the end of my junior year. That was almost three years ago. I wonder what's changed.+

Probably a lot.+

I remember I had a best friend there. His name was Jacob. I wonder if he's still around. He lived next door to my dad's house and we would always hang out when I was around. He was so cool and so cute. I may or may not have had a crush on him. I don't really remember.45

He lived with his older brother... I think his name was Monty. I wasn't really familiar with him though. I guess it would be nice to see them too.14

"Hello? Are you listening to me?" I'm snapped out of my dreamland by Kathrine waving a hand in front of my face.+

"Sorry, what?" +

She puts down the unfamiliar pink teddy bear on my bed "I was saying I got this for you. Well Nathan did, but I didn't like it so now I'm giving it to you"18

I raise a confused brow "Why me?"1

"You don't have teddy bears on your bed"5

We are currently resided in my room and speaking about nothing in particular. Kyle knows she's here and didn't seem to mind. Things change, huh? Or maybe he's just not in the mood to bother with me since I never listen to him anyways.1

Either way, I'm happy.+

"I don't want teddy bears on my bed. I have 6 very comfortable pillows" I tell her snuggling myself with one of them.+

She also does the same grinning "I'll admit, they're very comfy. Remember I used to steal them when we still lived together"+

"Yep" I giggle "You liked the purple one"+

She laughs at the memory before turning to look at me "So what's going on between you and Kyle?"+

"Like how?" I ask confused.+

She shrugs "I don't know. You guys are so weird. Are you friends or not?"1

"I don't know" I also shrug "He doesn't really give much away. Sometimes we're cool and other time he's being his usual rude and cold self. It's been less frequent now though"+

"He looks like a lot to handle"8

I snort "He is. But I like him. He's cool. And at least now you know he isn't some God with no flaws like you though he was"4

"He doesn't like me, does he?" She frowns knowingly.+

"He thinks you're trouble" I explain awkwardly, not wanting to lie to her "But it doesn't matter because he doesn't even know you like that"8

"Why?" She asks defensively.+

I shrug "I don't know. Maybe Nathan tells him all the freaky stuff you two get up to. I wouldn't be surprised"1

Her eyes widen in horror "You think?"+

"I'm kidding" I laugh "Unless he really does. You should probably ask him"+

"I swear to God I'll kill him if he does"+

I chuckle amused "Why? You tell me. Even when I don't ask. Which is actually like all the time"+

"We're girls, we can speak about these things" She defends "They can't. Can you imagine him saying something about my vagina to Kyle"70

I laugh loudly, having to cover my mouth "I would give anything to see Kyle's reaction if he does"+

"You're not helping" She scowls loudly.6

"Jeez sorry" I hold in my laugh "I don't think he goes into detail about it. Maybe he just goes 'dude, Kat and I made such sweet love last night' or something"3

She barks out a laugh "Oh my gosh. No one says that, you virgin!"9

"Whatever" I defend before joining in on her laughing. It's infectious like that. +

"Okay but seriously, are you still a virgin?"29

"Yes" I reply exasperated "Who could I have possibly lost it to? If it was Noah, I'm pretty sure you would've known"+

She raises a brow "Well, why didn't you?"1

"I never felt ready" I explain thoughtfully "This other time we almost did it but then I panicked and pushed him away. It was so embarrassing"1

"What do you mean 'almost did it'? Like did he have his you-know-what against your you-know-what?" She asks curiously.6

I nod shyly "Yeah. It was so weird. Everything was set. He even had a condom on"39

Her eyes widen "Oh my gosh. I never knew you guys went that far far. Neither of you told me about this. Why do you think you panicked?"6

"I don't know. It was just so embarrassing"+

She rubs a hand down my arm "Don't worry, it happens to the best of us"+

"Not when you've been with the person for so long" I frown "Seriously Kathrine, what the fuck is my problem? I loved him and he loved me? What was missing?"20

She hums sympathetically "Only you know, Chels"+

"After that incident I could see he was scared to even lay a finger on me" I admit embarrassed "It was the worst"1

"Don't think about it. It's over now" She coos softly.+

I can't stop thinking about!1

"I mean what was the big deal anyways? It's just sex. Everyone does it. You do it. Kyle does it all the time. Nicholas does it all the time too. What was the big deal with me?" I can't help but rant agitated and annoyed with myself.7

"Chelsea. It doesn't matter anymore" She scolds "It's not your fault you weren't ready. It happens"+

I frown shaking my head "Oh my gosh, I was such a horrible girlfriend"15

"Stop it" She points a stern finger at me.+

I stick a hand out "I think I need the teddy bear now"1

She smiles softly before handing it to me and I clutch it tightly between my hands and ditch my pillow before snuggling into it. The soft material calms me down immediately. And the teddy bear itself, with that cute little smile and the ribbon tied around it's neck. 1

"Better?" Kat asks.+

I nod pouting "Yes"1

"Honey! I'm home"21

That's definitely Nathan's voice. But what is he doing here? My suspicion are confirmed when he enters my bedroom door, Kat's eyes immediately light up before he jumps on my bed and envelops her into an affectionate hug.2

"Babe" She grins and soon they're making out with him straddling her and her legs wrapped around his waist. And they're crushing my poor pillows!7

It's like they hadn't seen the other in decades.+

"Hey, do you have any idea why Nick is avoiding me?" Winnie asks worriedly as I walk her to her next class.2

"Nope" I lie.21

All these lies are going to catch up to me, I can feel it.4

She sighs "He's acting so weird. I tried to speak to him but he just made some lame excuse so he could leave. Twice"5

I think if he's left alone with her, he'll just break and tell her the truth. He's probably doing this for her own good... in a way.2

"Maybe it wasn't an excuse" I suggest.+

She rolls her eyes "It was too. I know Nicholas Gill like the back of my hand. He sucks ass at lying anyways"5

Do you also know that he's in love with you?8

"I don't know, Winnie, maybe you should ask him" I reply.+

We reach her class and she sighs "Whatever, he'll probably just lie about it anyways. Okay I have to go now"+

I hug her as I watch her enter.+

As I turn around, I bump into Delilah.+

"We have to talk" I tell her immediately as I start to walk away and luckily she follows without protesting.+

"What's up?" She asks when we've reached a secluded spot.+

I fold my arms "Everyone knows. You need to tell Winnie before Kathrine or Nick beat you to it"+

"You told him?" She gapes angrily.22

"I told Kat and she thought it was a smart idea to tell Nicholas"+

"Do you know how dangerous that is? It's no secret how Nick feels about her. He's probably been waiting for this moment ever since we started dating" She rants.18

Oh, so she knows.+

"Good. All the motivation to tell her"+

"So you're not even going to deny my suspicion?" She accuses.+

I raise a brow "What suspicion?"+

"That Nick likes Winnie"+

Awkward.+

"I think that's a conversation you should have with him, and not me" I tell the exasperated girl.+

"Come on, I know he has these conversations with you. You're easy to talk to" She urges "Does he really?"+

"Delilah. That's besides the point"+

"Well, well, well, if it isn't lying-dee and lying-dum" Comes an all too familiar voice.43

"Seriously. I don't get why you're mad" I reply.+

Kat narrows her eyes at both Dee and I "You two only have a few more days till I tell Winnie myself"46

"What's your problem, Kathrine?" Dee snaps sharply "You don't even know Winnie like that. Why do you care?"+

"Yeah" I agree. 12

I really don't get why she's so pressed about this whole situation suddenly.+

"Why do I care?" She scoffs incredulously "I might only know her for a little over a month but clearly I have her best interest at heart, unlike the two of you"57

I breathe loudly, shaking my head "I'm trying to have her best interest at heart by not telling her, okay? Stop acting so high and mighty"21

"I'm not acting" She huffs.10

"Listen. You just need to mind your own business" Dee tells her "Take a few lessons from your best friend over here"+

"Guess what? My best friend is the one who told me in the first place" She retorts.2

"And now I regret it" I mutter.10

"Whatever" She dismisses "Anyways Winnie and I had a deep conversation the other day and that's why I'm like this now. She told me things and I just think it would be ideal if you told her soon and got things over and done with"1

"What things did she tell you?" Dee asks.+

"That's not the point, Dee" I intervene. The girl has thing of missing the point "Anyways, I think Kathrine is right"15

Dee sighs defeated "Okay, I'll tell her after the exam break"+

"After?" Kat snaps.+

"Yes. I don't want to ruin her break"+

"Do you honestly think that Nicholas can hold himself till then? You do know they're going home together, right?" Kat informs the girl.+

Dee sighs dreadfully "I'll see, okay? I have class now so I'm going"4

"Bye Dee" I say softly as she walks away.5

"Why are you protecting her so much?"8

I scrunch my face up in confusion "What do you mean 'protecting her'?"1

"Why aren't you telling Winona" Kat asks accusingly "It's been almost 2 weeks. I think her time is way overdue"18

"Seriously, Kathrine, when did you start giving such a big fuck?" I defend exasperated.10

"When I witnessed the connection Winnie and Nick have together. What if you're withholding them from their happiness?"18

"It's none of my business" I retort "And it's none of yours either"2

She narrows her eyes at me "Is this like your thing now? Keeping secrets from everyone? Even your own best friend?"17

Oh no. +

"What are you talking about?" I ask nervously.+

"Did you know that I had to find out from Nicholas and Winnie that you were face to face with a gun? Why didn't you tell me, Chelsea?" Her tone sounds hurt. 143

My throat closes up at the memory.+

"I'm sorry. I didn't want you to worry" I breathe softly, a lump in my throat.2

"You're my best friend; we go through these types of things together" She tells me determinedly "You know that you would be the first person I told if anything went bad in my life. Because I trust you and I know you'll always be there"35

"Kat, I really don't want to cry right now" I choke, my throat hurting "I'm sorry. I promise I'll tell you if something else happens"40

She envelopes me into a hug "I'll hold you to that"+

"I thought I was going to die that day"2

"I think if you had to die by murder, it would definitely have to be Kyle who kills you. Not anyone else" She jokes and I can't help but laugh.17

"He said the same thing" I admit amused.1

We just laugh.45

***+

"Why are you packing? Please tell me you're moving out" Kyle says watching me throw random clothing into my suitcase.27

"Ha-ha" I deadpan looking back at him "I'm going to dad's for the exam break"+

He comes into my room and sits on my beanbag while watching me "You are?"3

He looks so weird and funny just flopped down on it. He does look pretty relaxed though. Yep, it's that comfortable.+

Today is Friday and I didn't have any classes so I decide to go home. I have an entire three days until I have to be back (including today).1

After 4 hours of non-stop flying, my plane finally lands, and my anxiety skyrockets. 6

I'm really seeing my dad.+

After our little conversation yesterday, Kyle really left and wasn't back until I was in bed. This morning I wanted to ask him to give me a lift to the airport but I didn't want to be weird so I just took an Uber and left him a note since he was still sleeping. Or at the gym... I never really know.+

Kathrine texted me that she also left to go home just this morning too. Winnie and Nick left yesterday, and so Kyle and Nathan are the only ones still in town.6

I wonder what they're gonna do the whole time. Kyle's probably gonna be with his multiple girlfriends and Nathan I'm pretty sure is going to be missing his.9

Sigh.+

I let out a long stretch before undoing my seatbelt and getting up from my seat. I grab the tiny purse that has my small essentials and walk out. Our suitcases are then handed to us and I look anxiously for a sign with my name on it when I've reached the main picking-up area.1

"Chelsea! Chelsea!" A tiny little voice shouts and I turn my head and immediately grin when my little brother sprints his way to me excitedly.16

"Christian!" I squeal when he lands into my arms and shower him with multiple kisses "Oh my gosh, you are so big"2

He grins "Look! All my teeth grew back"7

Last time I saw him the ones in the middle were missing, and a few others. But they have indeed really grown back.1

"You're so big" I can't help but repeat as I seriously look at him after we've done hugging. He is wearing black sweatpants and white Super-man shirt "What grade are you in?"3

"Third" He smiles sheepishly.1

Oh my goodness!+

"Who are here with? You didn't drive yourself, did you?" I joke, looking around nonetheless.+

The little cutie giggles shaking his head, his bushy brown hair moving side to side "No. Dad is here but he's so slow. He's still coming"+

"Do you want to carry my purse for me?"+

He scrunches his nose "No. Those are for girls!"31

Boys.4

I laugh shrugging "Fair enough"5

"Princess!" I look to the sound and can't help but grin when I see my old man. He hasn't changed one bit.5

I've been told that I look more like him than my mom. Sometimes I see it for myself but most of the time I really don't. He has the same brown hair as Chris, I inherited my mom's dirty blonde color. We have the same shade of green eyes, and same shaped lips and nose. And then mostly everything else is my mom.15

"Daddy" I grin as he envelopes me into a very tight hug, his lips laying kisses all over my hair and forehead. "I missed you"20

He pulls back with a huge smile "I missed you too. Good lord, you're so big. What are you? A woman?"30

Dad's sense of humor is one of a kind.+

"I'm really not" I snort. "Chris on the other side, he's a giant at this point"6

The boy giggles looking at the two of us.+

"Tell me about it" Dad agrees exasperated "I told him to stop growing but he just won't listen"8

"It's not my fault" Chris defends with wide eyes causing dad and I to laugh.+

I really missed them.+

"Well, lets get going. Josie prepared a very big meal for us" Dad informs me, pulling my suitcase with him.2

Josie. 19

The ride is just spent with mostly Chris and I talking. Dad hasn't said much but he hasn't stopped grinning while watching the two of us. At times like these, I can tell that maybe he does really care about me. I wish I'd get to feel like this more often though.5

Regardless, I still love him and am so happy I finally got to see him after the longest time. 2

I just can't bring myself to be one of those bitter people who have so much anger and hatred in them because their fathers don't spend that much time with them. 39

I guess I'm one of those people that always look on the brighter side. There always is.11

We finally get to their huge home; by huge I mean huge. I think there are about six bedrooms in there and there are only three people in that house. Everything is still the same as it was. There are four garages on the side, a mini garden with loads of flowers and I'm pretty sure there's still a swimming pool in the backyard.5

Chris immediately grabs my hand when we exit the car, forcing me to jog with him "Come on, mom has a big surprise for you"9

I look to dad and dismisses me when he sees how impatient his youngest is, telling me that he'll get all my bags.+

"She does?" I ask.+

Chris nods hastily, ringing the doorbell one too many times. I can't help but chuckle because he's actually always done that. I'm glad nothing's changed with him.+

I hear a faint "Coming"+

And then the door opens widely and so do my eyes at the sight.+

"Josie" I breathe looking at her very visible belly "You're... pregnant"84

Oh good lord.+

She grins doing jazz hands "Surprise! I begged Lewis not to tell you because I wanted it to be a huge surprise"14

Does this look like the type of surprise I want? This woman.+

"No kidding" I mutter, trying to hide my distaste. "How far along are you?"21

It's not that I'm not happy for her. This is just... weird. Another baby? Then dad won't have twice as much as time for me.9

Ugh.+

"Five months" She replies with a huge smile "We're all so excited. Especially Christian. Aren't you, baby?"+

He nods excitedly.+

"Well come on in" She moves out of the entrance and I enter slowly. +

It smells really good but I'm too distracted to think about anything else. I just freaking got here and I've already received such news.+

I wonder if mom knows.16

"Honey, which room did you say Chelsea must take?" Dad asks when he's entered, with my suitcase in his hands.+

"The guest room next to Chris's room" She replies "Hurry up so you can join us for lunch"1

Chris takes my hand in his again and directs me to the dining room that has food galore. There's so much! My eyes momentarily widen at the sight. There's rice, pasta, all kinds of salads, chicken, steak... everything.10

Mhhh.6

"You're gonna sit next to me, right?" The little voice snaps me out of my fascination and I nod with a small smile.+

"What do you mean why am I single" I defend giggling "Why are you single? You've been single longer than me"54

"College girls are boring" He shrugs.2

I don't know how long we've been catching up but I know it's been hours and hours. Dad even had to call me because it was getting super late but he said I could stay longer since Jacob anyways lives right next door.3

"So how long are you planning on staying single? Because you still have two more semesters" I tease.+

"Just until I find the right girl" He answers smugly "I think she doesn't exist though. I have very high standards"3

"Or you're just having trouble finding a girl interested"+

He feigns offense "That hurt, Chels"+

"What? I'm just saying" I laugh. "What happened between you and Isabella anyways?"10

Isabella was another one of my 'friends' from around here. We weren't really that close. I was only friends with her because she had a thing with Jacob. I think I didn't like her because of that. I'm starting to think that my crush on Jacob wasn't as small as I remember it being.+

"She moved" He answers "We broke up before she did anyways so I wasn't like hurt or anything"+

"I never did like that girl" I blurt.+

He looks at me skeptically "Really? You two acted like besties"+

"We did?"+

"Well you guys would have sleepovers"+

I remember.+

"Ohh. That was only because she needed an excuse to come to your house. You lived right next door"+

"Oh yeah, now I remember" He snorts. "So you didn't like her because she used you?"3

"Among other things" I murmur.+

"You were jealous?" He teases curiously.1

I wrinkle my nose "Ew. Never. You two weren't that cute anyways. Plus you weren't even a real couple"3

"Yeah but she was taking time away from just you and I" He teases further.+

"It was only that one summer. I had you to myself all those other ones" I defend exasperated.+

He smirks "You loved that, didn't you, Chels?"+

"Leave me alone" I start to blush. 11

Isn't it kind of too late to admit our crushes to each other now anyways? I don't think we need to do that. I'm pretty sure I'm over that.+

"Don't worry, I also loved our alone time" He smiles looking to think about it "Remember that time we went to that party and you got drunk for the first time? I think we were both fifteen or something"7

I nod, very sure I won't like what he'll tell me.+

"I never told you this but you kissed me" He admits smugly and my eyes widen as I cover my face in embarrassment. 52

"I didn't"+

I know he's not lying though. I've always had a feeling that something happened at that party that he didn't tell me about. I never thought it was this.+

He nods "Yeah you did. I swear to God"+

I smack his arm still shocked and embarrassed "Jacob! Why didn't you tell me, you freckled idiot?"3

"You were drunk" He excuses.1

"So? I deserved to know. You know I told this other guy he was my first kiss but it was actually you"+

"You don't remember so it doesn't matter"+

I shake my head "Jake... I can't believe this"4

"What? You had your first kiss with your childhood best friend. Hate to break it to you, sweetheart, but that's as cliche as it gets" He jokes.44

"This is no time for joking" I scowl "What else happened that night"+

"Okay... If I remember correctly you kissed me then I pushed you away because you were drunk but then you begged me to kiss you back so I did. You weren't that bad for a first time drunk kisser by the way" He smiles and I roll my eyes, but can't help and feel embarrassed.2

He continues "Anyways then you told me that you thought I was cute and that my freckles were your favorite thing about me even though you always tease me about them"6

At this point my face is fully covered by both of my hands "Jacob! So you were just never going to tell me any of this?"+

"I was going to tell you the next summer but you never came. And then the next and then the next" He sighs sadly "And now you're here so I'm telling you"+

"I feel weird" I admit.+

He shrugs rubbing my arm "Don't. It was more three years ago. We were both young and stupid"+

But what if... what if.28

"You're right" I agree, flopping to lay down fully on his bed "I'm so sleepy"+

"I don't think your dad will appreciate you sleeping over at a boys house without his permission" He watches me amused.+

I whine pouting "Do you want to carry me to my house?"7

"I would but have you seen the flight of stairs at your house? Not even The Rock could get past those"3

"Tell me about it" I groan remembering.+

He sticks a hand out and I take it reluctantly "Come on, sleepy head, lets go"+

I put on my shoes on before following him out of the house "I'm pretty sure they're all asleep by now"1

"You know Christian sleeps so late. That boy is like an owl"+

"Really? What does he do?"+

"I think he plays his XBox. His parents don't know what he plays it until so late so don't tell them" He laughs.2

I can't help but join in "He so sneaky"+

"I think when the new child arrives, his parents are going to be so distracted and he'll literally get away with anything"+

"Keep an eye out on him for me" I giggle.+

"I would love to but I'm only here on holidays and summer too. We should ask Monty or Jean. They're always here"5

"Jean? That's Theo's mom, right?"15

He nods "Yep. And she's my sister-in-law too. She's real cool by the way"22

"Well I can't wait to meet her" I say.+

We reach the door of my house "I'll come get you tomorrow. I have plans for us"+

"You do?" I ask.+

He nods "Yep. See you tomorrow"+

I give him a hug, wave before entering the house. Today was surprisingly a very good day.+

I slowly make my way up the millions of stairs and the right before I enter my room, I hear very loud animated sounds from Chris's. I shake my head chuckling before entering his room dramatically.+

Those eyes! Those damn eyes. Where do I know them from? That green-grey color looks so damn familiar. 70

I can't stop thinking about it!+

Ugh!+

"Hi. I said I'm Jean" The lady with the very familiar eyes snaps me back to reality. She has the same exact ones as Theo and someone else who I just can't put my finger on.48

I chuckle nervously "Oh, sorry I think I zoned out for a while there. I'm Chelsea. It's very nice to finally meet you"+

"No worries" She smiles kindly.+

She does kind of look like me, I'll admit. We have the same exact dirty blonde hair and something about our noses is similar too. 31

Nonetheless she is gorgeous. One of the most gorgeous women I have ever seen. Once again... she looks like someone I know and that someone is not me.22

"Aunt Jean, is it okay if I stay here while Chelsea and Jacob go out" Chris sweetly asks looking up at the gorgeous woman.1

We left the house after Lee arrived. She still remembered me and we had a short conversation. I did make sure that Chris bathed because apparently that's a thing. And now here we are... at the Forrest household.1

"Why, off course you can Chris"1

Chris looks up at me looking to ask the same question and I nod. I'm very sure he'd rather spend his time with Theo than Jake and I.7

"It is okay, right?" I confirm with Jean.+

She nods "Off course. Christian knows he's welcome here anytime. He's a daily visitor"4

"Yeah I assume he must get bored being the only child" I chuckle, making light conversation.+

"But not for long though" She smirks.+

"I know. I only found out yesterday about it. Apparently they wanted to surprise me" I inform her.+

She laughs "That's a very Josie thing to do"+

Speaking of... why doesn't Josie like her? She is literally one of the sweetest women ever.3

"Mama!" Comes the familiar little voice. He is in his father's arms reaching out to his mom and I'm guessing they come from the backyard. He looks so dirty causing me laugh.3

"Hi angel" Jean coos taking her son into her own hands. "What were you and daddy doing out there?"+

"He kept on eating the soil. Little animal" Monty informs his wife to which she shakes her head and laughs.13

"Hey Monty" I greet.+

"Hi older Chelsea" He greets back causing me to roll my eyes with a small smile because he keeps calling me that.+

I eye Theo playing with Jean, completely disregarding my existence "You were right. When his mom is here he switches up on people"+

"Yep. Just yesterday he was calling you mama and now he's acting like he doesn't even know you" Monty jokes agreeing with me "At least you know how it feels being betrayed by him"+

"Unfortunately" I sigh dramatically.+

Just then, the little betrayer looks directly at me and smiles widely. I can't help but smile back "Hi little guy"+

"Ga-ga!" He excitedly cheers, saliva running down his chin.11

At least now he knows I'm not his mama.+

"Do you understand baby language?" Chris asks looking up at me and I shake my head "Me too"3

Jean kisses him one more time before laying him on the floor and he immediately starts to crawl away energetically with Chris right behind him.+

"You guys have the same exact eyes" I tell Jean.+

"Yeah they're my moms" She smiles.18

I just can't get over how familiar she looks though. Was she an actress at some point? I really doubt it. It's just... that face, those eyes. Everything! It's like I've seen it before.46

"Jake will be down in a sec" Monty informs when he sees that I'm lost in my own world and not engaging in any conversation.+

I clear my throat "Yeah..."+

"So, Chelsea, how come I've never seen you around before?" Jean asks looking to stir the pot on the stove.1

"Uhm I haven't visited in about three years"+

"That's a long time" She breathes "Thats round about the same time that I came though so I can understand why we've never crossed roads"10

"Babe. You know she's known Jake and I longer than you have?"+

I snort "Mostly Jake. You used to be mean to me, Monty"2

His wife slaps his head "Montgomery!"51

"What? She was just a little child always with my brother" He excuses laughing "I didn't feel the need to speak to her"+

"Are you the same age as Jake?" Jean asks and I nod "She was only six years older than you, idiot"13

Oh... I'm guessing they're both 25. She looks my age though with how effortlessly beautiful she is.+

"And I was in college with better things to do"+

"So how'd you guys meet?" I decide to ask.+

They both laugh and smile widely looking to reminisce, causing me coo at how freaking cute that is. +

Jean then opens her mouth to speak "Actually. We met back in my old town. He was only visiting though. Long story short, it was supposed to be just a summer fling but there was just something about him"+

Monty smirks smugly "I tend to have that effect on ladies"+

She rolls her eyes "Anyways. I moved here with him, got married and had Theo and now here we are. Two ole' boring parents"1

"She's boring. I'm not" Monty corrects causing his wife to hit his head again.1

Sooo cute!2

"I think you guys are far from boring" I laugh.1

"You said the word 'boring' so I'm assuming you're speaking about Monty" Comes Jacob's teasing voice.+

Jean sticks her tongue out at her husband "Who's boring now, loser?"4

"Man, you're such a traitor" Monty mutters looking disappointed at his little brother. Who looks very cute by the way.5

He is wearing a loose long-sleeve black T-shirt and some blue-washed jeans pairing them with a pair of black Converse shoes. His black hair is its usual neat mess. He smells really good too.21

Swoon.27

"Are you guys going on a date or something?"+

I choke on my saliva at Jean's question "Uh no. Just two friends catching up"+

"What she said" Jake says.+

Jean just smirks humming "Well, you kids have fun then"3

"I know that look" Jake notes "She doesn't believe us. Ask Monty, he'll tell you that we're just good friends"+

"They're just good friends" Monty mimics causing his wife to be even more suspicious.+

Jake sighs "Whatever. We're leaving"+

"Hey, what's wrong, lady?" Josie asks when I walk into the house head down with my shoes in my hands.10

The car ride back with Jake was kind of awkward. He did say his final goodbye though saying he doubts he'll get a chance to see me tomorrow before I leave.+

I think he was lying.2

"Oh, hi" I greet softly.+

"Are you okay? You look down" She observes, attempting to stand but failing miserably because of her large belly. I can't help but laugh a little and she scowls jokingly at me.+

I decide to walk over the couch next to her since I'm too tired to walk up those stairs anyways "Yeah, I'm fine"+

"Yes, and I'm not pregnant" 12

Really?1

"It's just... do you really care or are you just asking me so you can get into dad's good books?" I can't help but bite back.9

I might as well confront her. +

Since apparently everyone wants to get something off their chest.+

She gasps with a hurt expression "I guess I deserved that. I know I haven't been the ideal step-mother to you and I really apologize"+

"Why did you treat me like that, Josie?"+

"I was a different person back then" She says softly, tears welling up in her eyes "I was... jealous, insecure. I don't know and I just took it out on you"+

I sigh "But why?"+

"I don't know, Chelsea, I really don't" A single tear falls from her face "I can't tell you how much I regret it. I could see your father being affected so badly by your absence. But he thought that's what you wanted"6

This is actually the first time she's ever referred to him as 'your father' and not 'Lewis'. I think she used to do that on purpose.2

"But it wasn't" At this point we're both crying.7

"We know that now. We're so glad you're here. So freaking happy. I know I am" She smiles whipping both our tears "This little girl in my stomach is going to love you so much. As much as Chris loves you. And she's going to be as beautiful and kind as you are"15

"Josie" I sob-laugh "Thats really sweet"1

"It's true, Chelsea. I'm really sorry about everything. I hope you can find it in your heart to forgive me one day"+

I smile softly "Definitely"+

I don't want to lie to her and say I forgive her now because I don't think I do just yet. +

We hug for quite a long time.+

"So do you wanna tell me why you were upset when you got in?" She asks when we pull away.+

"Uhm, Jacob kind of told me he's been in love with me for nine years and I wasn't exactly overjoyed with the news"+

She smiles joyfully  "See? I told you"+

So she missed the second part, after 'and'.1

"I thought it was just a silly crush" I defend "I didn't know he was in love with me"+

"Chelsea, seriously? Even a blind man could see it" She laughs at me "What'd you say?"4

"Just that we should stay friends"+

"Why? I thought you didn't have a boyfriend" She says confused.+

"I don't need to have one. I just don't think I feel the same way he does" I say "I'll admit that I did like him back then but a lot has changed since then"+

She sighs sadly "Well, I was rooting for you guys. But I guess it's a good thing you stayed true to yourself"3

"I guess" I shrug thoughtfully.+

I get up from the couch "Well I had a pretty long day so I think I'm going to have an early night. Plus I have that flight tomorrow"+

"Goodnight, Chels" She smiles genuinely.+

"Night, Josie" I smile back before making my way upstairs.1

What a day, huh? +

One relationship mended and one broken.1

Everything is changing this year, isn't it? I feel like by the end of it all I'll be an entirely different person.1

For better or for worse.4

***+

"Well, well, well she has returned" Is the first thing I hear when I enter the apartment. That's definitely Nicholas.15

After a very emotional goodbye at the airport, I finally got on my plane. Dad made me promise to visit again very soon and that he'd stay in touch. Chris didn't want me to go just yet, he was this close to crying. Josie was just full on sobbing, I think it's the pregnancy hormones.5

I went to go say bye to the Forrests. They were very sad to see me go. Well all except for Jake who was apparently too busy 'sleeping' to come downstairs to say bye to me. Pity. They also made me promise to come back very soon. Theo just have me one last excited 'ga-ga'.6

I'm going to miss that little guy.+

"Yes, Nicholas, I have returned" I sigh collapsing on the couch. "And I am very exhausted"+

Last time we spoke, he was kind of cussing me out. Well me and Kyle.+

"It's a good thing you came back a day earlier so you can have the entire day off to study tomorrow" He shrugs "That was my plan too"+

"Great minds think alike"+

"I'll be right back" I announce before getting up and taking my bags into my bedroom. They looked untidy just standing there. Plus I'm pretty sure Kyle would scold me for that.+

Neat freak.5

Nicholas immediately gets up from the couch when I return "Well, anyways I was just leaving"+

"Seriously?" I look at him skeptically "Are you still mad at me?"+

He looks at me confused "Mad at you?"+

"Yeah. About the Winnie thing" I ask "Why do you leave when I'm here when clearly you were fine just before I got here"+

He laughs "Chels. Just in case no one's ever told you this but I don't hold grudges and I let go of my anger pretty quickly so I'm definitely not still mad at you"1

I remember hearing something like that.+

"So then why are you leaving?" I accuse.+

"Because Kyle said I had to be gone before he came back or he would kill me. I may have eaten all his Lays chips"36

Ooh. Wrong move. He loves those.3

"Nicholas" I tut laughing "You just love playing with fire, don't you?"3

"What? They were right in front of me"2

I laugh "Okay fine you can go. But only because I don't want to be a witness in your murder"+

He smiles before crouching to give me a big and warm hug causing me to giggle "I missed you, little Chels"9

"Missed you too, loser" I grin.+

"Okay... reverse. Who is Josie?" Nick asks.2

Kat smacks his head "Her step-mom, you idiot, can you listen faster? I really want Chels to finish the story. The suspense is killing me"5

"Okay, okay" Nick defends looking to clean his ears.2

Idiot.+

We've all just finished writing our first exam. Mine wasn't that bad, I'll admit. We are sat by our 'usual' spot on the grass. It's Winnie, Nick, Kat and I. Winnie brought us all home-made tiny cookies so we're munching on them.8

They're really good.+

I don't know why we aren't all going back to our dorms to study for tomorrow's paper. I guess we're just enjoying the sun and each other's company.+

"Okay, anyways, I confronted her about why she was so horrible to me and she broke down apologizing" I continue "Then I started crying too. And now I think I'm willing to forgive her for everything"+

Winnie coos "That's so sweet. She's lucky to have an understanding and kind step-daughter like you, Chels"+

I smile "Thank you Winnie"+

"Yeah. Any other person would hate her for life and be bitter about everything until the end of time" Nick adds softly "You're a really strong person, little Chels"4

"Thank you, you guys" I say appreciatingly.+

"I still think she doesn't deserve it" Kat adds.19

Trust her to be negative.2

"What? Why not?" I defend taken aback "You don't even know her"+

"Chels, she is the reason you stopped visiting your dad for an entire three years" She says matter-of-factly.1

"Dad too. He stopped calling"+

She gives me a look "Yes, because his wife didn't like you"2

Does she have to be so blunt?+

"Kat. You can't only blame her" Winnie intervenes in my defense. "You just have to be happy for Chels, okay?"4

She sighs "You're right. I'm sorry, Chels"+

"It's fine" I wave her off frowning. "Anyways how were your guyses weekends?"5

"Mom met Nathan" Kat blurts.1

"She did?" We all ask at the same time.+

Kat laughs nodding "She does not like him. I was with Kyle too and she likes him. She says him and I would be better together"156

"You and Kyle?" I snort.5

Nick also laughs "Do you guys even like each other? Like, as friends?"+

"I doubt it" Winnie snickers.+

Kat narrows her eyes at us "I think you guys are missing the point that my mom doesn't like my boyfriend"+

"Hate to break it to you, but no one likes Nathan at the first encounter" I tell her.7

"It's true. I hated the guy" Nick says.1

Winnie nods agreeing "Same"2

"See? So this is completely normal" I try to reassure laughing "She'll like him later on, just like the rest of us"+

"Yeah. After a year" Nick murmurs causing Winnie and I to bark out a laugh.4

"I hate you guys" Kat scowls.1

We're still laughing at her misery "Anyways how come she likes Kyle?" I asks when we've sobered up.+

"You guys wouldn't believe how nice and well- mannered he is to older people" Kat gasps "He was like a little angel"30

My eyes widen "He was?"+

Winnie and Nick don't look surprised "He naturally is. He's only rude to his peers. The guy is really well mannered" Nick says.+

"I never saw this coming" I breathe.+

"Our parents adore him" Winnie informs.1

"They actually adore all the Chambers children" Nick says before looking at Winnie "Remember how dad was once upon a time set on me marrying Riley even though she was so much older?" Nick laughs at the memory and so does Winnie.+

Riley. As in Riley Jane Chambers?21

"Who's Riley?" Kat asks before I can.+

My ears perk up at their answer.+

Winnie's eyes widen "Oh shit, we weren't supposed to mention her. You guys can't tell or ask Kyle"+

"Only if you tell us who she is" I bargain.4

"She's Kyle's sister-"2

"Kyle has a sister?" Kat interrupts shocked.15

I have to feign shock too so I don't give too much away.+

Winnie nods frowning "Yes. But you guys, she's been missing for more than two years"21

"Oh my gosh, what the fuck?" Kat gasps.+

"Kyle thinks she's dead now. I have a very strong feeling that she's not" Nick adds "You guys can't tell him that we told you. He hates speaking about it"13

"That's why he's so... detached" Kat sighs.+

"He's always been like that but it got so much worse after everything" Nick says.4

"Chels, why are you so quiet?" Winnie notes looking at me concerned.+

"It's just... it's a lot to take in" I lie.+

I already knew all this. Well except the part where Kyle thinks she's dead. To be honest I would too. Imagine someone goes missing for an entire two years and more. There's no other scenario that would make sense except that one. It sucks to admit. 9

I can only imagine how Kyle feels.2

"Do you guys know how she went missing?" I ask in the silence. +

I think Kat is way too shocked to say anything. Winnie and Nick look saddened at the reminder. They probably also knew Riley and were her friends.+

Winnie shrugs "Kyle never told us"+

I wonder.1

"But it was such a big deal. It was all over the news. Jef is a big guy so everyone knew and they were all looking for her" Nick says "It was a real shame when she was never found"5

"Poor Kyle" Kat mutters sadly.+

"They were really close" Winnie says "All three of them; Kyle, Riley and Zorro"+

"I can't imagine Kyle and Zorro getting along" I can't help but laugh lightly.+

"You would be surprised" Nick snorts.1

"Zorro used to be such a good guy" Winnie tells us "I think I even had a small crush on him"+

I look at her weirdly amused.+

She shrugs defensively "What? The Chambers men are fine. Not even you can deny that, Chelsea-Anne"11

I can't.2

"Maybe" I snort.1

"I also can't" Kat chirps "Kyle is all kinds of fine. I had a huge crush on him in the first semester"107

My exam today went absolutely horrible. I don't know what happened but I literally forgot about all the poems we've done. I forgot how to interpret them and find their deep meaning.4

I feel horrible.+

"Why the frown?" Kyle asks driving.6

Luckily he wasn't mad at me for much longer about the whole Zorro thing. He woke up and greeted me and even engaged in small conversation, to my relief and surprise. Now we've just finished writing and are on our way back to the apartment. +

"My exam was so bad" I murmur.+

He shrugs "Join the club"+

"Sure, thanks" I retort bitterly "That's not what you say to make someone feel better"+

"Not if she answers me in that tone"7

"Fine, sorry" I murmur apologetically. "Even thought you always do it to me"1

"Do what?"+

"Answer me in a rude tone" I say.+

He glances at me "I stopped, remember? We're friends now"8

I can't help but smile when he says that, even though he pretends to be disgusted every time he says it. +

It's always nice to be reminded that I managed to get through his hard shell and convince him to be my friend.+

"We are, aren't we?" I grin.+

He shakes his head "To my dismay, yes"+

"Can we get some ice cream?" I ask desperately "It will surely make me feel better. You want me to feel better, right?"2

"I don't really care" He says.16

"So is that a yes?"+

He groans annoyed "Fine."+

"Yay!" I grin squirming around happily in my seat and clapping my hands.31

Before I can say anything else, he puts on the radio which signals that I should shut up now before he changes his mind. +

He does that sometimes. +

Luckily the radio station he chooses always plays my favorite songs so I don't really mind anymore.2

Damn my AP going psycho Lil mama bad like MichaelCan't really trust nobodyWith all this jewelry on youMy roof look like a no showGot diamonds by the boatload63

"Do you really know every song?" He ask looking at me curiously.5

I shrug "The good ones"+

"This is good?" He snorts provocatively. 5

"Yes" I exclaim exasperated "This is what your peers listen to, Mr Old. You're not a normal teenager"+

"I am twenty, so yes I'm not a teenager"31

Right. He's a year and semester older. +

"What I mean is, you're too different from your peers. I'm concerned" I feign worry.+

"My peers are people who like songs about drugs and sex" He retorts "I like songs with meaning"59

I tut amused "Kyle, Kyle, Kyle"1

I don't notice that he's now parking and then exits when he's done. I do too.+

"What is this place?" I ask as I follow him.+

"Sundae's Palace" He answers pointing at the sign "They have good ice cream here"+

I shrug before continuing to follow him. We enter the little palace and my eyes widen in awe. The place is nice and cosy with bright colors. 2

I look at the ice cream options and there's so many. They have chocolate, vanilla, choc chip, mint, blueberry, strawberry, cappuccino. 1

EVERYTHING!! This is heaven.+

They have toppings too, rainbow sprinkles, jelly tots, wine gums, chocolate sprinkles. They also have sauces; caramel, vanilla.+

EVERYTHING!+

"I'll take it you like the place" Kyle chuckles looking at my star struck face.4

I nod hastily "YES!"+

The lady behind the counter laughs as she watches us "What can I get for you kids?"4

"Chocolate ice cream, please" Kyle says before nudging and looking at me since my attention was on the different flavors "Chelsea-Anne?"9

My eyes widen "I don't know. There's so many"+

The lady laughs again "Well, can I interest you in the 'all-sort sundae'?"+

"What's that?" I ask confused.+

She smirks teasingly "You'll find out. So, are you interested?"7

"Yes" I nod excitedly.+

I make a move to take out some money to pay for myself but Kyle slaps my hand away and pays for the both of us before I can protest.81

"Aww, your boyfriend is so cute" The lady coos looking adoringly at us.25

I chock on my spit "Uh he's n..."17

"Yeah, you should tell her to appreciate me more" Kyle replies interrupting my denial.286

Idiot!+

He sends a teasing smirk my way and I shake my head at him unimpressed but also trying to hide a blush.3

Imagine Kyle being my boyfriend. 87

I mean, I would be one lucky girl because he is fiiine. But no thanks, I'd rather not. I can only imagine the amount of girls that would hate me if that ever happened.17

"Okay well you two can go take a seat while I prepare your ice creams" She tells us.+

I follow Kyle into a booth before narrowing my eyes at him "Why did you pay for me? And why did you say you're my boyfriend?"+

"Come on, I didn't want to spoil her fun" He shrugs smirking.4

"Idiot" I mutter, but I can't help but smile.2

"I don't think you should be complaining, Chelsea-Anne" He tuts "It would be an honor to be my girlfriend"8

Maybe...+

I bark out laughing "Yeah right. Have you ever even had one?"2

"No, but that's not the point" He retorts.2

"See?" I laugh "You are not boyfriend material"13

"Sure I am" He argues.+

I raise an 'are-you-serious' brow "You literally just said you've never had a girlfriend. I really doubt you can commit"+

"I won't know unless I try"7

"Do you want to?" I ask curiously.+

He shakes his head "No. Relationships are for suckers"7

"You think everything's for suckers" I can't help but laugh "Even luck. You always say that when I wish you luck"+

The lady brings our ice creams before he can reply "Enjoy, love birds"25

Oh my gosh.+

Kyle smiles politely "Thank you"6

My eyes widen in excitement when I see my ice cream. I think it has about five different flavors and a few sprinkles. There is caramel and chocolate sauce too.10

"Dude, Winnie knows ab-"+

"I know" I interrupt harshly "You guys also didn't hesitate in throwing me under the bus"+

"We couldn't lie to her" Nick defends.9

"You guys didn't even have to mention Chelsea-Anne's name though" Kyle comes to my defense "I would have been perfectly okay taking the fall for everything"57

Aww. That's kind of cute.2

"She knows it happened at Betty's party and she knows that Chels saw" Kat says, trying to go over her summaries.36

"We're sorry Chels but we had no choice" Nick apologizes softly.2

I sigh "Well is she mad at you guys? Or just Kyle and I?"+

"Just y'all" Nick answers awkwardly.39

"Wow" I sigh.+

Kyle sighs too "Typical Winona"+

"You guys did tell us not to tell her even though we wanted to" Kat mutters accusingly.173

I narrow my eyes at her irritated.1

"Babe. Now's not the time" Nathan says.11

She rolls her eyes "Whatever. I'm writing in ten minutes so I have to go. We'll speak when I'm done"44

She can be so insensitive sometimes.10

"Ignore her" Nathan excuses.4

"Don't worry. I'll speak to Winnie. She probably needs time to cool off" Nick reassures looking at Kyle and I.+

"Yeah, dude, whatever" Kyle murmurs.+

"Well, I also have to get going now" He says walking away "Bye. We'll speak later"2

"Bye" I mutter.+

"Why'd you even come, dude? You're not writing today, remember?" Nathan reminds his friend.+

"I had to drop off Chelsea-Anne" He says.9

"I could've asked Nick to come pick me up if I knew you weren't writing" I excuse meekly.+

He waves me off "It's fine"+

"Wow..." Nathan drags, watching us.+

I give him a puzzled gaze "What?"+

He laughs "It's weird seeing you two not fight. So very weird"2

"Dude, really?" Kyle deadpans dryly.+

"We're friends now" I inform an amused Nathan "Didn't you know?"+

He shakes his head "Nope"+

"Well you do now so shut up" Kyle says.+

Nathan just laughs "Okay, friends"+

"What's with the tone, mister?" I accuse.+

"Nothing. Just, you two can't be friends. You're polar opposites. Either you're gonna end up dating or go back to being enemies"50

What?+

"We can too be friends" I defend loudly.+

He snorts "Okay. I'm giving you guys two months for either of these scenarios to happen"5

I nudge Kyle "Can you believe this guy?"3

"He's annoying" Kyle shakes his head but he looks kind of amused "So, what makes you think Chelsea-Anne and I can't be friends?"9

"You're opposites" He repeats.2

"So?" I ask.+

"Opposites of different genders attract or they don't get along. They are never friends" He says matter-of-factly.30

"What language are you speaking?" I deadpan.7

"Just, trust me" He muses, shaking his head.1

"Is that a challenge, Nathan?" Kyle asks "Cause you know I'll win, dude"7

Nathan hums "Yeah, it is"+

"Fine" I laugh intervening "Kyle and I will call you in two months time to confirm that we still very much are friends"3

"Or more" Nathan teases.4

Never.+

"Or less" Kyle snorts jokingly and I narrow my eyes at him for even saying that.+

"I'm starting to feel that this friendship is very one-sided" I complain pouting.+

"Hey, how come he can be your friend and I can't?" Nathan also complains looking at me demandingly "I've known you longer"+

"You were mean to me" I remind dryly.+

He scoffs "So was Kyle. Still is, clearly"2

He has a point.+

I shrug defeated "I don't know"+

"Dude, I'm special" Kyle boasts "Girls like me and not you. Even Kathrine's mom"44

Who knew Kyle was this arrogant?5

I breathe a laugh.3

Nathan flips him off "Well, the girl that I like likes me back so fuck that"8

"Wimp" I tease causing Kyle to laugh.1

"Dude, seriously, what did Kathrine put in your food? You're like whipped" Kyle asks his friend.3

Nathan shrugs "It's weird, huh?"1

"So weird" Kyle snorts "You used to be my wingman. Well, not that I ever needed one"4

They both smile looking to reminisce and I internally coo at how cute their friendship is. I know they both downplay it, but it's so nice to actually witness.2

Bromance things.13

"Good times" Nathan laughs.1

I raise a brow at him "I don't think you're supposed to be reminiscing about getting girls, mister"+

"Oh relax" He rolls his eyes "Kathrine and I are basically married"15

I hum, acting like the overprotective best friend  who makes sure that boyfriend is loyal at all times "You better be"19

"Kyle, you should try it dude" He says.+

Kyle raises a confused brow "Try what?"+

"Getting a girlfriend" Nathan replies "It's really not that bad"5

"Hey, that's what we spoke about yesterday" I remind Kyle excitedly "And yeah, Nathan has a really good point"+

"Okay, Chelsea-Anne, I'm getting worried now. You need to tell me what happened" Kyle says watching me.2

I didn't say anything the whole car ride even though he kept asking me questions. We got to the house, I ate a granola bar and just sat on the couch watching a black screen.+

Kyle has just been watching me concerned. I really do appreciate that concern.3

"I met your father" I breathe.+

"What?" He booms, his voice loud "What are you talking about? How? Where?"5

I turn my head to look at him as he frantically runs a hand through his hair, clenching and unclenching his jaw. This topic really does ticks him off. Now I know why.+

"I was walking to Kat's. Before you blame me, it's five minutes off campus and I didn't think anything would happen" I excuse.+

"It's fine" He waves off quickly.+

"A car pulled up next to me then Zorro got out and forced me into it. Your father was there and we spoke" I continue slowly.+

"What'd he say? Are you okay?"3

This is so different from the first time that this happened. This time it sounds like he genuinely cares. +

Last time he was just angry that it happened, completely ignoring what it did to me.+

I nod "I am"+

"Do you want to tell me what he said"1

"He said you owed him and that he wanted to be repaid soon or all hell will break loose, starting with me" I gulp.+

Kyle doesn't say anything for a while, he just looks to angrily digest the information. Shaking his head multiple times in frustration while at it.+

"Sorry" He finally replies.18

He's actually... apologizing? Wow.+

I smile softly "It's fine. He also said he hoped we wouldn't meet again because the next time he wouldn't be as nice"1

"There won't be a next time" He assures sharply.6

"Okay" I whisper "You look like him"+

He sighs "I know. It's a blessing and a curse, I guess"3

"Mostly blessing" I chuckle lightly.17

He rolls his eyes amused "Do you, uh, want anything? Should I call Nicholas? Last time this happened, he made you feel better"15

Aww.+

"You're not doing too bad yourself" I tease smiling at him "I would like something though"6

He raises a skeptical eyebrow at my tone at the second part "Will I like it?"+

"Probably not" I snort.+

He sighs dreadfully "Okay, spit it out"4

"I want a hug" I announce grinning to which he groans loudly "Come on, you asked!"54

"Why?" He asks loudly.+

I honestly just said that to make him feel uncomfortable. But now I actually want it.1

"Come on, Chambers, don't be a pussy"+

"No!" He screeches "Thats weird. I don't know how to hug"64

"But you know how to have sex, huh?"9

"It's easier" He defends.19

I shoot him a dry look "Giving someone a harmless, friendly hug is harder than sex, which requires you to take off your clothes amongst other energy consuming things?"+

"Yes" He nods immediately.+

"Well too bad" I retort spreading my arms wide open "I'm waiting to get some sugar here."71

He sighs watching me and shaking his head. He can probably see that I'm serious because he grumbles loudly before twisting his body on the couch and moving closer to me.+

Oh yeah.34

A second later, my arms are circled around his neck and I'm grinning like an idiot behind his head and against his warm neck. It takes all my willpower not to kiss or lick it.162

Weird!!!3

His are around my waist, his fingers on my bare stomach because my shirt rode up and he squeezes me there slightly. He smells so good and he's so damn warm.74

Are hugs supposed to feel this good?15

Something weird starts to happen in my stomach and it's seriously concerning me. I just choose to ignore it and enjoy myself.39

He pulls back a few seconds later, looking kind of flushed and coughs awkwardly "There. Now leave me alone"35

So cute.2

I just grin, not being able to help myself "That was the worst hug in history"+

I'm lying. It was the best.+

He shakes his head laughing "I agree"11

We both just start laughing like a bunch of idiots. I can still kind of smell him on me, making me wish we could hug until the end of eternity.3

I'm getting weird. What happening to me?27

"You make me do strange things" He wrinkles his nose.23

"Good" I grin happily.+

He shakes his head amused before my phone starts ringing. I already know it's Kathrine because I personalizes her ringtone.2

She's probably gonna be annoyed because I was suppose to go to her dorm but didn't pitch. I know she won't believe whatever excuse I have.+

"Please answer" I ask Kyle quickly.+

"No"+

I give him a pleading look "Please, she's gonna be mad at me."2

He sighs rolling his eyes before snatching the phone from me and swiping to answer, also putting it on speaker.3

"Chelsea. I don't appreciate you standing me up, bitch. I've been waiting for you for the past two hours" She rants. 31

Knew it.+

"Chelsea-Anne is not feeling well" Kyle replies before looking to me and I signal for him to elaborate "Something happened with my brother again"+

"Oh no" She sounds alarmed "Is she okay?"3

"Yeah. She'll tell you everything on Monday or something. Unless you guys will meet up over the weekend" He tells her.+

"Can I come over?" She asks softly.43

Kyle looks to me for an answer and I nod.+

"Sure whatever" He replies.2

"Okay, I'll be there in a few" Kat answers before Kyle hands me my phone back.3

"Thanks" I grin widely at him "You've been a very good friend today, Chambers. I'm so proud of you"+

I mean it. +

"Whatever" He mutters but I can see he's fighting back a smile.37

Best friend ever!18

True to their word, the others did end up leaving straight after 'High School Musical' last night. Nicholas had already fallen asleep during, much to Kyle's dismay, but Nathan woke him up before he could get splashed with cold water.3

It would've been funny to witness.+

Kyle and I were also very tired from all that television, plus also way too full to function because of the junk food we had. 2

He was not happy with himself and said he had to get rid of all of it by going to gym first thing in the morning. I just laughed, not feeling guilty at all for my binge eating.3

We went straight to bed after.+

Jean woke me up at about seven am with a call for Theo because he was acting up again. Poor baby, he really misses me, huh? 9

It's kind of an advantage though because I at least get to see his cute face. They both looked more like someone I know than ever. Why can't I put a name or a face to it? It's eating me up.52

"Why are you up so early?" Kyle asks when I lazily enter the kitchen. 3

I didn't even shower yet so I'm still in my pink shorts-and-tank too pajamas. Kyle's eyes linger on me for a second before he looks away. I can't bring myself to care that I may look very embarrassing in them. Plus, I'm pretty sure my hair is a mess too.24

I'm getting way too comfortable with this guy, but luckily I don't think he minds anymore.+

I yawn "I was woken up. How was the gym?" +

He is dressed in his gym attire, which today consists of shorts, a loose Adidas shirt and black Adidas trainers to match, making me internally drool at how delicious he always looks like that. His blonde hair is slightly damp and he's kind of sweaty, weirdly adding more to his sexy appeal.12

Is he even real? Is it legal to look that good?3

His sexily vainy biceps are on full show and so are his legs. I do wish I could be looking at his six pack though. I've only ever seen it once. And I definitely wouldn't mind seeing it again and again.20

Did I always have these fantasies about him?2

He shrugs "Fine"1

"What time do you wake up when you go there?" I ask curiously, sitting on the spinning chair as I watch him make cereal.+

"Five am" He replies curtly.+

"You're not a morning person, are you?" I muse.+

"Why would you say that?"+

"You're easier to converse with during the day and not so much in the morning" I note amused "You give me one word answers"+

He slurps on the milk on his spoon "Normal people don't like to speak in the morning"50

Before I can reply, I am interrupted by a knock at the door. He gives me a look as if to say 'you're answering it because I'm busy and I seriously don't feel like it'. I roll my eyes but do just that.2

I am greeted by a very beautiful woman, with light brown hair pulled into a neat bun who smells like roses. She is dressed in a tight-ish formal black dress, red heels, has pearls around her neck and studs on her ears. 14

She looks rich and quite familiar.1

"And who might you be?" She asks politely, looking at me curiously.1

Worst timing ever to be greeted by such a person. I'm pretty sure I look like I've just escaped from the zoo. And she looks like she comes from shooting a reality show.+

"Chelsea" I murmur, moving aside.+

"Mom?" Kyle gapes surprised when she's entered "What are you doing here?"+

That's his mom? She looks young enough to be his older sister or something. They don't look very much alike at all though. She looks like... Zorro. Yes, that's who! A lot. Wow. She's like the male version of him or something.22

Safe to say... Kyle is his father's child.+

She looks like someone else too though. A female. That I know. But who?243

Also, I can't believe I'm getting to meet both his parents in space of just two days.7

She walks in and hugs her son tightly "Baby. Lord, you stink and aren't you glad to see me? What's with the face?"+

"I mean, yeah" He answers moving away.+

She looks to my awkward and dazed self and smiles "You didn't tell me you had a girlfriend"+

"I'm not his girlfriend" I answer politely.5

Second time this week.+

"Mom, she's my roommate. Her name is Chelsea-Anne" He introduces, kind of annoyed. Probably at his mom's assumptions.1

"Roommate?" She asks confused "Why would you need a roommate? I thought your father was paying out all your rent"+

"He's not anymore" Kyle snaps "Do you want to tell me now why you're here"+

"Your father and I are in town" She replies.1

I would know.1

"For what?" Kyle asks tightly.+

"Business as always" His mom answers, taking a seat next to me on the other chair.2

Kyle groans annoyed "Do you guys have to do your business around the place that I go to school? Seriously, mom?"1

I wonder if I should leave them alone.13

"Baby. You know I don't call the shots" She coaxes softly "Anyways, I couldn't leave without seeing you"2

Is she one those cliche submissive wives?11

He sighs "Whatever. Just don't involve me"+

"You know if it were up to me you wouldn't be involved in any of this. Ever" She frowns, sounding saddened at the topic.2

I would love to know what they're talking about. Maybe it has something to do with Jefferson's 'dirty money' that Kyle once called it. And I do remember him mentioning that he seriously didn't want to work for his father. What kind of business could he possibly be running that's so bad?12

"Yeah well, tell that to your husband and your eldest son" He mutters lowly; bitterly.+

I really think I shouldn't be here.5

"Uhm, do you guys want some privacy?" I ask awkwardly after a while of silence, glancing at the both of their tense looking faces.+

"No. Stay" Kyle replies at the same time that his mom says "That would be nice"17

Awkward.2

"Sweetie, we have to discuss important issues" His mom scolds impatiently through gritted teeth after his response to me.+

"If it's something you can't say in front of another person then I don't want to hear it" He demands seriously "I told you not to get me involved, mom"+

She sighs defeated "You're so stubborn. Just like your father"+

"Don't" He scowls.+

"Baby, maybe you should just stop trying to run away from him. He's never going to let you go. You know how he is and you know what he wants" She informs softly.3

I'm in a good mood right now so here you guys go. 🤪32

***+

You're not telling me this cause you're high, right? You actually want to?" I ask slowly; cautiously.3

He shrugs "I'm not that high now. And you deserve to know. I mean, you've basically met all my family and you're very much involved now"2

"I've been saying this" I mutter jokingly.+

"Ha-ha" He deadpans dryly "Anyways, after my conversation with Zach I realized just how involved you are. They're crazy"+

I gulp scared.+

"They won't do anything" He assures when he sees my facial expression "I promise"2

"Okay" I squeak.+

"I had a sister" He starts off slowly; pained, as he visibly swallows a lump "Her name was Riley Jane, but I called her RJ"48

He's actually telling me about her. +

I sure hope I won't be crying by the end of it. Or he won't. It looks like the topic really pains him a lot. I can only imagine how much. Poor Kyle.+

"You actually called someone by a nickname" I can't help but smile, just to make the mood lighter.3

He must've really loved her.+

He laughs softly "Yeah"+

I wonder if I should tell him that I knew. I think I'll tell him later on.6

"I won't go in detail, I'll just give you like a brief summary" He announces looking away from me and at the view. I can't help but frown slightly because I really wanted to see his face.+

"Okay"+

"Uhm, mom and I... we helped her run away"22

I can't help but breathe relieved "Wait, you know where she is?"2

"Wait, you know she's missing?" He accuses.10

Uh oh.+

"Your dad mentioned it" I half-lie.+

"Off course he did" He mutters before looking at me. Yay. "Anyways that's not the full story, so you shouldn't be getting excited"+

Oh no.+

"Oh" I trail off.+

"By the way, you should try not to interrupt me. I know it'll be hard for you to go that long without speaking but try" He jokes to which I just roll my eyes with a small smile.+

At least he's joking around. +

"Fine"+

"Mom and I helped RJ run away. She was starting to lose her mind slowly but surely because of dad's way and so we wanted to help. Had to. I remember I found so many pills in her room this other time. I was scared she was going to commit suicide" He gulps, his eyes looking away and at me as I frown sadly.65

"Anyways it was her idea. She said she had a plan. She would run away to Italy. She gave us the address and everything we needed if we ever wanted to contact her. She knew some people there so we knew she would be safe.+

Mom and I arranged everything for her. Her flight and some money and how she would stay in hiding. We also made sure that dad and Zach wouldn't find out before it happened. Finally the day came for her departure, the three of us said our final goodbyes. We weren't that saddened because I mean, she had given us her new contact details so we would stay updated"+

I have a feeling an anti-climax is coming.+

"She was gone a day and dad started getting worried. He thought she was at her friend's house or something but then three days passed. I don't know how, but he had figured out that she ran away and knew that mom and I knew something about it. He blackmailed us into telling him everything we knew and so we had to"1

Oh god.+

"We told him she had gone to Italy and gave him the address. He sent people there to look for her, but they found nothing. Dad thought we lied to him and started getting aggressive. We convinced him that we were telling the truth because we really were. We were also shocked when she wasn't found there. Anyways we tried calling the number she had given but there was never an answer. Dad filed her as missing, the police got involved but she's been missing ever since"4

"Kyle" I breathe shocked and sad.+

He shakes his head "I don't know what happened to her. Maybe one of dad's enemies got to her before she could get far"+

"So do you think she's... dead?" I ask sadly.4

"What other explanation could there be? It's been two years and more now. Surely if she was alive, she would've made means to at least contact mom and I" He gulps looking away.11

"I hope she isn't" I breathe.38

"Anyways now mom and I owe dad because we may or may not be responsible for his daughter's death. Everything is business with him" He murmurs harshly "He hasn't ever let us forget that. I think mom wanted to leave him before that whole thing, but after she had no choice. I think that was her form of settling the debt... staying"+

I gulp "What's yours?"+

"Working for him. I'd honestly rather die"+

"And now he's using me to get you to do that very thing" I mutter finishing off for him.1

He nods "Yeah. He's crazy"+

"Is there any way he could let you go?"+

He shrugs softly "I don't know. Maybe if I find RJ or something"23

I can't help but frown. I don't think the chances of that happening are likely.9

"Sorry" I mutter.+

He smiles softly as his grey eyes pierce into mine deeply "Sure. Thanks for listening. You're the only one who knows. Besides the rest of the family, off course"4

"I am?" I gape.+

"Winona and Nicholas don't know exactly what happened and that I was behind it. And I'd like for it to remain that way. They know too much already."1

"Off course" I nod, understanding his unspoken request.1

"You remind me of her. You also kind of look the same" He says.109

So his dad was right.+

"What was she like?" I ask.+

He smiles, his eyes lighting up "Crazy. But the good kind of crazy. She was wild, liked taking risks which drove me insane. But she had a softer side to her. She cared for people a lot and would always try to make sure whoever was around her was happy"3

"Would've loved to meet her" I mutter.68

"She probably would've liked you."3

I grin mischievously "Kind of how you like me, huh, Chambers?"+

"You wish" He snorts shuddering.+

"Not even a little, friend?" I tease laughing with him.13

I couldn't sleep.2

I kept tossing and turning, my thoughts refusing to shut the hell up and give me a break. I kept replaying what happened tonight. Kyle laughing so much, Kyle telling me about Riley, Kyle being half-naked, Kyle looking at my lips, Kyle touching my lips and then finally, Kyle retracting.14

Kyle everything!3

And then it got worse. Do I... have a crush on him? Dare I ask, do I like him? And if I do... since when? How did it happen? Weren't we just friend just yesterday ago? What are these feelings I felt for him tonight? Is tonight the first time that I felt like this or has it happened before and I just chose to ignore it?14

Oh god. 2

I can't possibly like him. I very much don't think I'm his type anyways. And I don't think he's mine either. I've never really liked bad boys or players. So why would I like him?26

Plus, what would our friends say? I wouldn't hear the end of it. Maybe they're the one who jinxed it. Also all those people thinking we're boyfriend and girlfriend.2

I hope I don't like him. I really do.5

This morning (since it was past midnight), after we got out of the dam, he luckily had a blanket in his trunk so he let me borrow it while he gathered my clothes for me and got back into his half-wet ones.7

That was very nice of him.1

He said he'd drive after promising that he was fully sober and I agreed because I was too tired to anyways. We drove in silence to the apartment, it wasn't really awkward or anything but so much had happened that I think we both just wanted to fully digest it.+

We got to the house, entered, he cracked a few jokes which I now forgot because I was too deep in my thoughts. He offered me some hot chocolate to which I refused. He then said that I needed to take a warm shower or else I would be sick. 31

Again: so fucking nice.+

He wished me a good night and also went to go take one in his own room. I think he wanted to say something else but decided against it.8

And yeah, that was basically it.+

Maybe I should start avoiding him. I mean if I don't like him now, then it's only a matter of time until I really will.56

I feel things for him. Scary things.2

I can't even deny that part myself. It's weird and I don't know what to do. I didn't even feel this way for Noah.2

Am I too far gone?+

Ugh! I hate being a girl! Why do we have to overthink every little thing? I'm sure he slept peacefully throughout the whole night, not even giving my name or face one thought.48

I think I only get two hours of sleep.2

***+

"Woah, you look like a zombie" Kyle breathes when I emerge from my bedroom.10

I'm once again in my pajamas, but warm and full ones this time because I was freezing when I got to bed. They're black and white with a cute little panda on the fuzzy top.+

I scowl "That's what happens when I'm disturbed of my slumber at eleven pm and only return at three am"+

"Good times"+

Tell me about it.+

But I can't believe we're both acting like nothing happened. Maybe it was nothing though. Why dwell on it?2

"What time do you have to meet your mom for coffee?" I ask as I grab a granola bar.+

"Woah. Thanks for the reminder. I totally forgot about that" He shakes his head.4

"Wow" I snort.3

"Whatever. I'll text and ask her"+

"Okay"+

Silence.+

We're both just standing in the kitchen. I'm eating my granola bar and he's drinking milk out of the carton while staring at me. 33

Horrible habit.+

I've learned to just let that one go because he doesn't look like he's ever gonna stop.+

"So you have a tattoo" I start off awkwardly, seeing as he's making no means to speak first. The staring contest was getting a bit much.+

He looks at me weirdly but nods "I do"+

"Can I see it?"2

"Why? Wanna see me shirtless again?" He jokes, a brow raised.31

"No" I mumble lowly.+

"I'll show you one day" He tells me.24

"What's it about?" I press curiously "I only saw like a bit"+

He shrugs "It's a quote"4

"Is it about Riley?" I ask softly. I've heard that guys always get sentimental tattoos, or something like that.19

"Maybe" He replies.2

"Oh"+

Silence.+

"Thanks for picking me up last night, by the way. I wasn't in my right minds when I called you but I was the rest of the time" He murmurs after a while.30

I smile tightly "No problem. Thanks for showing me your deserted forrest"2

"It's not mine" He chuckles.+

"I'm pretty sure you're the only one who knows about that place" I argue.2

"And you"14

"And me" I repeat thoughtfully.+

Silence.+

Since when is it so freaking hard speaking with him? Our conversations always flow lately. What's happening today?! Ugh!+

"Why'd you touch my lips?" I blurt unintentionally and immediately cover my mouth after, wishing the ground would open up and swallow me whole.278

Why would I say that?!8

His eyes widen slightly before he clears his throat with a poker face "Uh, why'd you let me?"77

What?+

Before I can answer, not that I was going to-because I actually have no idea why I let him- the door opens widely and in walks Nathan.25

"Morning" He greets.+

"Uh, hi" I greet back looking at him "What are you doing here?"+

He points to Kyle "He called me"+

"Oh" I murmur.+

They both just stay silent. Kyle is clenching and unclenching his jaw, and I have no idea why. Did I do something? Say something? Or is it Nathan?5

"Okay so I'm riding in Kyle's car with Kyle and Chels, right?" Nick asks with his suitcase in front of him.7

We all decided to meet at Cottage Hill on the day of the trip, which is today. We're dressed in warm clothing- like gloves, coats and scarves warm- because Nick warned us that it was cold by the resort and we had to be warm when we got there. It's already cold this side too, but not gloves cold though. Each brought a suitcase, some bigger than others, and now we're in the parking lot, a few minutes away from starting the journey.24

We are so excited!2

We all come from our homes after celebrating Christmas just yesterday. Our break started on the 22nd which means we were only home for four days but it was nice. I was so happy to finally get to see my mom. We celebrated Christmas with her side of the family.13

"Yeah, you are" I grin.+

"Okay then it's Winnie and I in Nathan's" Kat summarizes attempting to shove her huge suitcase inside "Babe, a little help"2

Nathan sighs before moving to help his girlfriend "You do know we're only there for five days, right?"7

"I need everything in here" She defends.+

Kyle nudges me "See? I'm not the only one who's complaining"2

"Hush" I deadpan.7

Nick shoves his in the Audi trunk and Kyle helps me with mine since I also can't quit pick it up. He then puts his own.10

"Are we ready!" Winnie grins enthusiastically.7

"Oh yeah" Nick agrees "You've been waiting for so long to go on this trip with us, Winz"+

"Tell me about it. But you guys were too busy thinking about the girls you wanted to get with to think about me" She pouts.+

"Good times" Nathan snorts.1

Kat scowls unimpressed.+

"Well come on, yous" I announce "Let's get in our rides"7

We bid our goodbyes to the other three who won't be riding with us. Kyle and Nathan arrange that they'll drive at the same pace and try to stay close on the journey there. They also discuss where they will make a bathroom and snack break since the place is four hours away.4

"I call shotgun" Nick screams as we're about to enter Kyle's car.1

"No way, Nicholas" I protest immediately.+

"I already did" +

"There's no way you're sitting in front with me" Kyle deadpans "Chelsea-Anne will sit in front"97

"Why? Just because you two are closer than my butt cheeks now?" Nick complains.141

What?4

"You know how you are" Kyle informs.+

I laugh at Nick as I stick my tongue out at him "Sucks to be your ass"2

He groans, folding his arms but submissively enters in the back seat. Kyle and I just shrug before also entering.+

"None of you speak to me the whole ride" Nick scowls.+

"Oh come on" I tease giggling.+

Kyle just rolls his eyes "Will it make you feel better if we put on your music then?"1

He grins "A little"3

I laugh before handing him the aux cable and he happily starts playing some Drake and then Kyle drives away right behind Nathan.48

Let's goo!+

The rest of exams and the month went by pretty quickly. Nothing much had happened because we were all focused on studying.3

Kyle and I have been... cool, too cool. Things were a bit awkward at first, after the whole dam thing, but then we quickly got over it. We've been having more 'moments'. It's weird; good and heart-thumping weird but yep, that's what's been happening. We have these times where we just stare at each other and not say anything. Most of the time he looks at my lips, his eyes dark, before groaning and looking away. I do the same, just without the groaning.105

It happens a lot.+

Other than that, we've just been vibing so well. The others say they're getting 'concerned' because they haven't seen us fighting in so long. Idiots. 1

I mean he's still the same Kyle, sometimes he's anti-social and agitated for no reason. I've learned to just leave him alone when he's like that so he has no reason to snap at me. It's worked because he really hasn't. I just have to catch him when he's in a good mood, which has been more frequent than not.1

Lucky me.+

Did I mention that I'm pretty sure that I actually like him now? I've been playing trying to convince myself that it was just a crush and no feelings. There definitely are feelings. A lot of them. I don't know how he feels though, which is very unsettling.16

I don't know what to do.+

The others have been well. Nathan and I have weirdly been getting closer. He's the only one who knows how I feel about Kyle. He keeps refusing to tell me how he feels about me. But he hinted that I had nothing to worry about. I don't know what that means.44

Nick and Kat are also way closer now. They make time for me too but I'm always occupied with Kyle or something so I don't really blame them. I remember Kat and I had a sleepover a few weeks ago to catch up. I felt bad for not telling her about Kyle but I just wasn't ready for her to know. Plus, she's still friends with Noah, so what if she won't be fully okay with the news that I've really moved on? We both know that he isn't in a good place.19

Winnie speaks to Kyle and I now, but only when the others are around. She refuses any sort of one-on-one with us so we actually haven't addressed the elephant in the room.+

I just hope it won't ruin the trip.7

Mom was cool with me taking it since I had to ask for her permission first. I think she's just glad that I have other friends besides just Kat. She's always worried about me in that department.6

There hasn't been much contact from Zorro or his father so that's a good thing. Kyle also seemed happy about it. They've all been out of town since that Monday that Kyle's mom said they would. 2

The drag racing competitions were also paused for the whole month since most of the contestants are college students and they had to prepare for exams.2

Life's been peaceful mostly.2

Except the few awkward run-ins with Noah. And staring contests with Betty and Lisa.1

"Okay, seriously Nicholas, this is the hundredth time you've made us listen to this stupid song" I protest looking back at him.+

"How dare you insult Travis and Drake like that?" He scoffs offended.57

I don't know how many times he's made us listen to freaking 'Sicko Mode'. Doesn't he know that song is old now? 15

"Dude, seriously" Kyle agrees with me.+

"You two make me nauseous" Nick grumbles changing the song "Why don't you just date already?"17

He always says that.+

I snatch the aux away from him "It's my turn now anyways"+

We've been listening to his music for two hours and after the bathroom break it was supposed to be my turn but he wouldn't have it.+

"Oh my gosh, Nathan, I will fucking kill you, you monster!" I scream angrily running after him, it's really hard to because my shoes keep dipping in the snow.20

I can also hear Kyle, Winnie and Kat having their own scream fest. And also the other people around us.2

We're all just making snowballs and throwing them at each other. Nathan made this huge one and thought it would be a good idea to throw it in my face.2

DICK!!2

"Oh, come on, Chelsea it's just a game" He laughs running faster.+

"Still!" I scream throwing one in front of me and it hits his back. He's wearing layers so I doubt it makes any difference "I'll get you when you least expect it"+

He turns around and just laughs at me.+

"I will seriously kill your friend" I grumble when a flustered Kyle joins me.1

I think he was throwing his at Winnie and Kathrine.+

He rubs the back of his head with his wet gloves "Winona throws the hardest snowballs. I'm not going to play with her anymore"9

I laugh loudly.+

"Maybe she's trying to get her revenge"+

"She should do it to you too" He complains.+

I scoff "I've just had a huge one thrown against my face, okay, I don't need more"+

I see Kat walking to us enthusiastically "Hey. Chels, Nathan says he wants to call a truce"+

"Mm no" I deadpan dryly, already picking snow and making a ball "Tell him to come speak for himself"7

"Oh come on" She protests.+

A few minutes of her trying to convince me to drop it, Nathan finally makes his way to us because I'm sure he could see I wouldn't be satisfied until I get my pay back. +

The moment I see his face, I aim for it roughly and my snowball successfully crumbles all over it causing him to yelp loudly and cover his face.+

I start laughing so loud, even crouching down dramatically "Oh my gosh"+

Kat doesn't want to but she also ends up laughing at her boyfriend, so does Kyle. He flips us off when he's recovered.+

"Ha-ha" He deadpans shooting daggers at us.20

I stick my hand out at him amused "Now we can call a truce."+

"Fine" He grumbles but shakes it nonetheless.+

I can't stop laughing "You should've seen your face. Oh god"1

He gives me a threatening look and then points his eyes to Kyle so only I can see as if to say as 'I'll tell Kyle how you feel about him. Try me'22

I immediately sober up when I catch it.+

He smirks victoriously at his successful threat and I just grumble folding my arms. Kat looks at us amused but doesn't ask. I think she's just glad that we've been getting along for such a long time now.1

Kind of. He always blackmails me like this.+

Dick.5

"Where's Winona?" Kyle asks curiously.+

We all start looking around for her, until we spot her speaking to some brown-haired guy who looks our age. They're a few feet away from us and she has the biggest grin on her face while speaking to him.18

"Uh oh, I don't think Nick will like this" Kat mutters dreadfully next to me.+

Nick almost froze to death so he had to go back to the cabinet. We couldn't stop laughing at him. We warned him to not make so many snow angels but the boy never listens. His clothes got half-wet because of all the snow and he couldn't stop shivering so we forced him to go back to keep warm.3

We didn't want anyone dying near us.+

He's been such a good tour guide though. He showed us all around the resort. He said tomorrow when we were all well rested, we could do any activity we wanted. There are actually a lot of people here, most of them are our age so I can imagine how easy the boys had it meeting girls here. There's some bar place and the guys said it was always full at night. +

Teenagers love music and alcohol, huh?4

Anyways I can't wait to see the whole place properly with all my favorite people. There's also a restaurant but Nick said most of the time they ordered room service unless they were around. There are also tiny shops around, some with warm clothing just incase someone came unprepared. There's also this store called 'Candy World' and I can't wait to try it out. It has all the candy you can think of. Heaven.+

"Do you think she knows him?" Kyle murmurs as we all continue to watch them.+

"Doubt it" Nathan replies.+

I sigh, mist escaping my mouth "I don't like this, you guys"3

Kat looks to me "Maybe they're just friends, lets not assume the worst"+

"Doubt it" Nathan mutter again.+

The two happy chaps being watched turn their heads and see us watching them. Winnie says something to the boy before starting to make her way to us.+

She smiles sheepishly when she gets to us "Sorry I just disappeared. Anyways Liam says hi"21

She probably thinks our scowls are for the fact that she disappeared but she doesn't know that we're thinking about our poor friend, Nicholas who's in love with her and wants to tell her how he feels, while she's clearly flirting with another guy. 9

I guess we have no right to be mad or annoyed at her because, at the end of the day, she isn't aware of Nick's feelings. She's also just trying to have fun.+

So sad.+

"Who's Liam?" Kyle asks.+

She points back "That guy. He invited me to go to the bar place with him tomorrow"2

"Do you know him?" Kat asks accusingly.+

"No. We met just now but he seems like a pretty cool guy" She answers.7

"Just be careful, Winona" Kyle mutters "You know you're the youngest here so we just have to watch out for you, okay?"+

"Fine" She mumbles looking like she wants to say something more but decides against it.2

Ugh, poor Nick.1

"Anyways I'm starving" Nathan announces trying to make the mood lighter "We shouldprobably start walking back"+

"Yeah" We all agree.+

I try not to dwell too much on the bad news that I seriously don't think Winnie feels the same for Nick as we make our way back to the cabin. We just all engage in a small conversation about nothing in particular.7

"We're home" Kat opens the door widely. We take off our damp coats and hang them, and also remove our shoes before entering.+

Luckily this cabin is super warm so we don't really need them inside anyways.4

"Oh hey" Nick greets enthusiastically when he sees us.+

There's an unfamiliar lady in the kitchen and she looks like she's making some food because of the pots on the stove. She looks to be in her mid-forties or something like that.+

"Daisy?" Nathan grins as we walks to her and hugs her tightly.2

"Natey" She grins back "Nicholas tells me that you're all here with your girls. I didn't believe it but now it looks like it's true. My boys have grown"+

After a very delicious breakfast buffet from Daisy, we are all set for our adventure day at the resort. Everyone woke up well rested and chirpy. 6

Nick and Nathan started fighting over the last cheese-griller and we had to intervene. Daisy said it was always like that; they all took turns to fight over food. She smacked their heads and they stopped. She ended up giving the cheese griller to Kyle because he 'behaved'. He smiled like he had just won a car.9

Funny.+

"Don't mind Nathan if he's a bit antsy today" Kat says walking next to me "He wanted to have sex last night and I said no because what if we made a noise?"68

I wrinkle my nose "I did not need to know that"19

"I'm just warning" Kat laughs. "Did you and Kyle also have to hold back?"14

"What are you talking about?" I murmur.+

"Don't think we haven't noticed that you two like each other or something. I've been meaning to have this conversation with you"2

"We don't" I deny meekly.+

She gives me a skeptical look "Oh come on, Chels, I know you like the back of my hand"+

"It's just a crush" I blurt under pressure.48

"Aha! I knew it" She shouts victoriously causing the others to look at us.4

"Knew what?" Nick enquires.+

He is walking with Winnie. I feel bad that he's getting so close to her because I know that she doesn't like him. We're all walking up the slope because the first thing up is skiing. I'm not that excited but I put on a brave face for the others cause I don't want to spoil the fun.2

Nathan and Kyle are walking in front of all us and having their own conversation.+

"Uhm, that she was scared of skiing" Kat lies smoothly.12

"Are you, Chels?" Winnie asks concerned.+

I wave her off "Pshh, only a little. I'll be fine though. No worries"+

"Promise?" She presses.+

I nod with a small smile before she and Nick overtake us again because apparently we are walking too slow.1

"Are you two cool now?" Kat asks curiously.+

I nod happily "Yep. Cool as beans. We spoke yesterday. She apologized to Kyle and I"+

I don't want to tell her about the Nick thing because I doubt she'll be able to not tell him.3

"Oh yeah. So since when do you have a crush on the hottie?" She smirks "By the way, I totally saw this coming. We all did"1

So I've heard.+

I bite my lip thoughtfully "I was lying. It's not just a crush, I actually have feelings for him. And I don't know when it started, but it's been a while"10

It feels so good telling her.22

"Why didn't you tell me?" She frowns.62

"I don't know. I thought you wouldn't be happy because of Noah or something. What if you ended up blaming me for his behavior?"+

"Chels" She says softly "You know I would never do that. He's in charge of his own behavior. It has nothing to do with you and I would never think that"4

"I know now" I mutter squeezing her hand.+

She seems happy and smiles mischievously. Oh no "So have you two kissed?"2

"No!" I screech flustered "Kat, I don't even know if the guy feels the same, okay?"+

"He does, trust me" She says confidently.5

I look at her skeptically "How would you know? You guys don't even speak"+

"I don't need to speak to him" She drags rolling her eyes "I can see the way he speaks and looks at you. It's pretty obvious. Even Nick said"+

"What does Nick know?" I deadpan.8

"Nick has known him for more than nineteen years, unlike you" She bites "I'm pretty sure he knows his friend better than you do"4

She has a point but I don't want to get too excited though.+

"Jeez, fine" I mutter defensively.+

"So, are you gonna tell him?" She asks hopefully as we reach the top.+

We take a moment to catch our breaths.+

"No! Kathrine." I screech.+

She rolls her eyes "Boring"+

"And you can't tell him either. You have to promise" I point a stern finger at her.+

"Promise" She says.100

"Took you guys long enough" Kyle shakes his head looking at us "You walk like grandmas"1

He looks so cute with that beanie on his head.11

"Shut it" Kat deadpans.15

I look around and there's actually quite a lot of people here. I can't believe so many like skiing. It's horrible.8

Nick announces that he's going to speak to the people so that we can go first. Perks of being the owners child's friends. Although I kind of feel bad because the other people were here before us.6

Oh well.3

The rest of us are just standing and waiting for him to come back as we speak about nothing in particular.+

I look in front of me to see a curly haired girl and another one with black hair make their way to us. The first one taps Nathan on the shoulder and he turns around to look at her.+

I can hear Kat breathing loudly next to me.+

"Hey" She grins widely "Fancy seeing you here again. Remember me?"+

Oh shit.+

"Uh, Ruby?" He asks knowingly.5

She grins "Yep. And you're Nathan. Can't forget you even if I wanted to. You did give me an unforgettable night"41

Oh hell no.+

"Ahem" Kathrine clears her throat agitated and her boyfriend turns to her "Who's she?"+

It was only a matter of time till she'd lose it.3

"I'm Ruby" The girl answers sweetly "This is my friend Gina. We just came to say hi to Nathan and Kyle. We hope we aren't disturbing"10

Kyle is right next to me so I hear him whisper a "So that's what her name is"105

Idiot. +

He probably slept with the other girl. I'm not surprised he didn't remember her name. He's stupid like that. +

Also, I kind of can't stand the fact that I'm actually seeing a girl he's done something with after coming to terms with my feelings for him. I wish I could punch her face.15

This is so unlike me.+

It's also a harsh reminder that Kyle just sleeps with girls and doesn't do feelings. He probably doesn't like me. I feel my heart sink a little.+

"You are" Kat harshly bites.+

I squeeze her hand lightly so she can calm down. "Okay, Kat"+

"Are we missing something here?" The other girl, Gina, asks confused.+

"I have an idea! We should play 'Truth or Truth'" Kat excitedly announces.98

"Is that even a thing?" Nathan deadpans.10

"Off course it is" She retorts "Come on you guys, let's do it. We'll get to know each other better"3

We're all sitting around in a big circle on the comfy carpet. We were told that we wouldn't be able to do outside activities for now since the winds were too strong so we had to stay indoors. We don't really mind though. We haven't even showered yet so we're all still in our pj's. The guys look so ridiculous.5

Anyways we all have a hot chocolate with a marshmallow in our hands and snacks in front of us, which includes chips, sweets and cookies. The guys wanted to go to the gym, since there's one inside, but we protested that we needed to do things together.3

Did I mention that breakfast was so awkward? Everyone was still kind of shocked from what happened at the bar last night so we didn't really speak. Literally no one brought it up. I think Nick is still mad at Winnie because he sat far away from her when he normally always sits next to her. Winnie noticed and frowned. I squeezed her hand to try and make her feel better.4

Poor girl. She doesn't even know what she did.34

We all started warming up to each other a bit later. Nick started joking around again but you could still see he wasn't completely okay. Winnie also started speaking but only to Kat and I. And now we're all together and trying to act like everything is okay. I just think those two need to sort their shit out soon and not involve us.3

"Do you wanna explain to us how this will work?" I ask with my legs crossed in front of me.+

She holds up a finger as if to say I should give her minute. She gets up and walks to the kitchen before coming back with an empty Coke bottle.1

"Wait, are we playing Spin The Bottle?" Kyle asks with furrowed eyebrows "I'm not kissing any of you"35

Ouch!2

Kat shoots him a look "No, idiot. Do you think any of us want to kiss?"+

"I bet Kyle and Chels do" Nick teases.51

I liked it better when he was quiet.6

I lean over to pinch his thigh "Stop it. You're not funny"3

Nathan shoots a smirk from opposite me.13

I regret telling him. Not really.1

"Okay as I was saying" Kat narrows her eyes at all of us as if to warn us not to disturb her "I'll spin the bottle and if the cap lands on you then you get to pick someone to ask a question to and they have to tell the truth"1

"Oh, okay" We all murmur understanding.+

"I hope it doesn't get weird" Winnie mutters next to me. I'm sitting between her and Kyle.27

"Same" I agree.+

I really don't trust these people with asking questions. Most of them like to start shit. I guess we'll just have to wait and see.5

Kat then spins the bottle and it points to Nathan. Oh god. Can he not pick me.+

"Winona" He smirks looking at her and she groans loudly "What's the craziest thing you've ever done?"+

She thinks for a second before laughing.+

"Okay, I may or may not have burned all of Dee's clothes that were at my apartment after she told me about everything" She admits sheepishly. "It was like a week later and I seriously didn't want to speak to her to come and fetch them. Plus, they were finishing my closet space"25

Oh my gosh. She really is crazy.+

"You crazy bitch!" Kat praises impressed.+

The rest of share a look of amusement.+

Kat then spins the bottle again and it points to her before she smirks mischievously.1

Oh no.1

"Chels" She smiles my way "Tell us about your first boyfriend"26

I roll my eyes at her "Okay, I was in freshmen year and he was a junior. I know, I don't know what I was thinking. Anyways we dated for like two months until he got sick of me and dumped me for the head cheerleader. It was horrible"+

The others start laughing loudly, especially Kyle, and I flip them all off unamused.1

"Poor Chels" Nick wheezes.+

"You laugh now but that was my first heartbreak, you guys" I scowl.+

After we've all sobered up, Kat spins the bottle and it points to me before I grin widely and contemplate who I want to ask a question to.+

"Nathan" I grin wickedly and he groans "Tell us something you've never told anyone"+

Kat looks to him interested.+

"Shit, seriously?" He sighs and I nod impatiently "Jeez okay. Uhm, I didn't have sex until my prom night"1

"Dude!" Nick and Kyle burst out laughing.+

The rest of the girls are confused as to why that is so funny. I still haven't had sex. +

Just because they did it in freshmen year.1

"What the fuck, man?" Nick laughs and Nathan just shoots him a pointed look "You were a late bloomer?"3

"How's that late?" I ask exasperated.+

"Some of us didn't do it until college" Kat adds agreeing with me "I'm really happy with those news, babe. Don't he ashamed"2

Nathan mutters incoherent words under his breath, because his guy friends are still laughing at him, pouting like a big baby.1

Kat then spins the bottle again and it points to a still laughing Nicholas. He is having way too much fun with this.+

"Kyle, my man" He announces to which Kyle scowls in response "Did you or did you not have sex with Olivia that night?"4

"Dude, that was fucking five years ago" Kyle argues.+

"I wanna know" Nick demands.+

"Wait wait wait, Olivia? Your ex-girlfriend Olivia?" Winnie asks Nick and he nods timidly, not really looking at her. At least they're 'speaking'.25

Ex-girlfriend?! Kyle would do that?2

"Does someone wanna explain to us? We're kind of confused here" Kat speaks for the three of us who didn't grow up with them.+

"There were rumors at school that my then girlfriend had had sex with Kyle, who was my best friend. I never really asked them because I thought they were just stupid rumors. Now I want to know" Nick explains.+

"Ohh" Kat and I press looking at Kyle.+

"No, dude, I didn't fucking sleep with her" Kyle answers after a while of shooting daggers at everyone "She wanted to but I stopped her"5

"You promise?" Nick drags.+

"Yes fucking jeez" Kyle replies impatiently.+

"Okay good" Nick says satisfied.+

this is dedicated to @KgomotsoMabokano thank you for the comment that left me with a big smile ❤️and @BadQueen1583 ...i think you'll love this 😈❤️***+

"What? Why are you speaking about jeans?" Kyle asks confused, still kind of ticked off because he's clenching his jaw.30

Those eyes. +

They're Jean's and... Theo's and... Kyle's moms. She said that they got them from her mom. +

I remember!+

"It's Jean. This is Jean" I exclaim, me myself not believing my own words.+

Could it be?+

"It's not" He snatches the picture "That's RJ okay? What's wrong with you?"+

"Kyle" I say looking at him more surely. I'd also have trouble believing myself because of how shocked and unsure I looked, but now I'm positive "This is Jean, Kyle!"+

"Who's Jean?"+

"RJ. Riley" I reply hastily "I swear to God, I can't miss it even if I wanted to. The eyes are your moms and Zorro's. I knew they looked familiar the first time I saw her"3

"What?" He breathes looking away.+

"When I saw her, I knew she looked like someone I know. And now I know... she looks likes Zorro"+

"Yeah, uhm, they're twins" He murmurs.5

I gape shocked. I get up from the bed pacing around because I can't even begin to contemplate what is happening right now.+

"Holy shit, Kyle, it's her"8

He also gets up, his body shaking slightly, his voice too "Chelsea-Anne, I-I don't know what's going on right now. Please speak"+

"She... she" I stutter before taking a deep breath "She's my dad's neighbor. She has a son. Remember Jacob? That guy I spoke about in the car?"+

"Yeah..."+

"She's married to his brother, Monty" I say hastily pacing around "It all makes sense now. She's been missing for two years and more and that's also how long I hadn't visited dad. She said that she came around that time which is why I didn't know her"3

"Holy shit" Kyle gapes looking shell shocked.+

"You said I reminded you of her, right? That I look like her a bit?" I ask and he nods "Her son... he thought I was her. He called me mom. My little brother also confirmed that I did look a bit like her. I also saw it for myself"9

Kyle is paralyzed. He's just standing and watching me with wide eyes.+

"Kyle" I breathe shaking my head in utter disbelief "She's alive. I have her numbers. I speak to her and her son all the time. She's amazing and so beautiful"13

I shouldn't be surprised she's a Chambers. They were all blessed with amazing genes.1

"What the fuck" He shakes his head.+

"I promise you" I say sternly, moving closer to him "And, uh, Jake... I asked him about her and he said that she refused to speak about her past. Off course she did cause she ran away from her whole family. It all makes sense"8

Holy cow.+

"So you're telling me that RJ is alive? She goes by the name Jean now? You know her? She's married and has a child?" Kyle gapes, his voice louder and eyes wider with each question.+

I nod "Yes"+

"Holy shit, Chelsea-Anne"+

"I knew she looked familiar, Kyle. Your mom too cause when I saw her, I knew that I had seen a younger female version" I can't seem to stop speaking about my discoveries.1

I just never thought they could lead to this.2

He sits down dazedly, his eyes looking far away in thought "But why... why would she not tell mom and I? Even Zach? We've been worried about her for years"+

"I don't know" I murmur sadly, sitting next to him "She's very happy though, if that makes you feel any better"+

Kyle looks at me frowning "Tell me more"+

"She's married to Monty who I've known since I was like five. They said they met at her old town before she decided to pursue a life with him. They have a cute eleven month baby boy, his name is Theo and he's in love with me"4

Kyle raises a slightly amused brow "Is he now?"2

I'm so glad that frown is off his face.+

"Yep" I nod smiling "Jean- sorry Riley, has to call me at least once a week because he cries for me. He calls me 'ga-ga' and I don't really know what it means but I like it"+

"She has a whole life without us" He murmurs quietly, the frown back.+

Oh no.+

"Kyle" I coo sadly.+

"She's so happy without us. She's probably even forgotten who I am" His jaw is clenched.+

"Don't say that" I scold sternly.+

He sighs loudly, fists now clenched too. He looks a mixture of pained and angry "Then what else would make sense? Tell me"+

I flinch at his slightly raised voice "Maybe your dad was just too much for her. To the point where she didn't want to be associated with any part of him, including the rest of his children and his wife. It doesn't mean she doesn't love you guys or forgot y'all"+

I know it sounds bad but I really don't know what to say to him.+

He looks at me calmer "This is a lot, huh?"+

"Kinda" I nod softly "I know all your family now. Small world"+

"Tell me about it" He breathes a laugh.+

"Are you okay?" I murmur concerned "Do you want like a moment alone?"+

He shakes his head "Stay"54

"Okay" I smile.+

We sit in a comfortable silence for a while, just the both of us digesting what we have just discovered. I can't even read his face at all. I don't know if he's happy or sad. I mean the guy just found out that his long lost sister, who he thought had died, is actually very much alive.+

He gets up abruptly and I mirror his actions.+

"Still good?" I ask again.+

"I just can't believe it" He murmurs looking at me deeply "I mean I knew there was a reason you stumbled into my life, other than to annoy me off course, I just didn't think it was this"7

"Me too" I say.+

"Do you realize if I never knew you I wouldn't know that my sister is alive"+

I wave him off "It's really not a big deal"+

"Chelsea-Anne, if you never forced me to be nice to you and be friends, you wouldn't have been comfortable enough to have these conversations with me. I actually still would not be speaking to you at all, which means we both would've never mentioned Riley, let alone me showing you a picture of her"25

"I never thought about it like that" I breathe.+

He has a really good point.2

It's true. What are the chances of a former cold Kyle trusting me enough to speak about his long lost sister? Actually, speaking to me about anything at all?+

"Nicholas!" Winnie screams loudly standing paralyzed on her spot next to the fight. By now a crowd has formed and are watching the fight occur, no one invading.23

Winnie looks to me, eyes wet.+

"Make him stop! Chelsea!" She shouts desperately shaking "Oh god"22

"Nick" I scream trying to get him to stop but he is too busy punching Liam who is attempting to fight back but is obviously failing. Nick has him on the ground atop the snow and is straddling his waist, assaulting him.1

Do boys have to be such animals?+

"Nicholas get off him!" Winnie cries.+

Finally, after what feels like forever Kyle appears frantically, as if he's already heard about everything, and gets him away from the poor Australian boy whose face is now a mess.13

"What happened?" Kat asks hastily next to me.+

"Nick... he" I stutter helplessly.+

I can't believe I've just witnessed that.+

"Nicholas, are you fucking serious?" Nathan scolds loudly in front of us.+

Him and Kyle are holding him to make sure he doesn't hit the boy again. The crowd disappears and the six of us, including an injured Liam are still shaken to the core as we stay rooted to our spots.3

They let him go when they see he's calmer.+

"What the fuck is wrong with you?" Winnie sobs looking at him with such disgust.63

She tends to Liam to make sure that he is okay.+

"Why'd you bring him here?" Nick screams.+

"How was I supposed to know you guys would be here?" She shouts back moving closer to him "Fuck you. I fucking hate you and never speak to me ever again"79

"Fuck you too" He spits bitterly.73

Oh my gosh.+

"I'm so confused" Liam murmurs in his accent with snow in his gloved hands as he presses it against his now black eye "Winnie, who is this guy?"29

"You don't need to fucking know" Nick barks.+

"Nicholas" Kat intervenes angrily "What the fuck is wrong with you?"37

He just growls running a hand through his messy hair, his other fist still clenched.1

"Dude, I will punch you myself if you don't stop your shit" Kyle also says, looking annoyed and angry.11

"Yeah. Don't you see that the two of you are ruining this trip for everyone?" I finally find my voice as I stare them both down.16

Winnie is standing next to Liam and still trying to tend to him but she looks back when we all add our two cent. Nick is just standing all by himself, still looking like a caveman.11

"No. She is" He accuses pointing a finger.+

"Me?" Winnie shouts exasperated "Am I the one who just punched a guy I don't even know?"+

"Am I the one who went on a fucking date after my best friend told me that he's been in love with me for god knows how long?" He retorts sharply.51

"He's in love with you?" Liam chimes.16

Why is he still here?56

"Yes" I snap at the guy, not being able to help myself "Don't you want to leave?"1

"No offense but I was here before you guys and this is a public place" He defends.6

"Fucking go back to Australia, you fucking koala bear" Nicholas snaps shooting daggers at the guy.492

I can't help but snort softly. 6

"Nicholas, I swear to God!" Winnie grits.+

"Dude, I think you really have to go" Kyle says in a much nicer way than us at the oblivious guys.6

He sighs loudly as he says his last goodbye's, to Winnie who can't stop apologizing and crying, before he walks away.7

He'll be fine.6

"Safe to say that all of you are on Nicholas's side. Are you happy now?" Winnie accuses.58

"We just think you could've been more sympathetic, Winona. The fucking guy just told you that he's in love with you and the first thing you do is meet up with him" Kyle says.80

I think he's speaking for all of us.+

"I didn't know he would be here. I didn't know you guys would either" She defends loudly.43

Everyone walking past keeps looking weirdly at us but then walking away. Luckily there aren't a lot because this side is kind of secluded.+

Thank goodness.+

"I can't believe you" Nick snarls.+

"Fuck you" Winnie huffs moving closer to him so that they're face-to-face. I would swear she looks like she wants to punch him so bad.  "Do you know how many times I've seen you with your stupid hoes? With your tongue down their throats? You see me once, not even kissing the guy, and start acting like a fucking bitch"130

Woah.6

"Winona" Kyle bites warningly.+

"No she's right" Nick says sharply, looking at nothing but Winnie in front of him "Guess what? You're not in love with me, now are you? So why the fuck would you care who's throat I have my tongue down?"2

"You didn't know that!" She screams.25

"Do you guys need a moment?" Nathan intervenes awkwardly.15

"No" Winnie snaps looking back at us "You guys need to be here for this. I am not dealing with him on my own. And I have questions"2

"Which are?" Kat asks.+

"Did you all know he was in love with me?" She asks and we all nod "Wow. Let me guess, 'it wasn't your place to tell me'?" She mimics harshly at the last part using air quotes.119

"Off course it wasn't" Kyle says.4

"I can't deal with all these fucking secrets in this group. Do you guys honestly call each other friends?" She screeches angrily.17

"Yes, okay?!" Kat challenges sternly "Some things are just better left unsaid"16

Winnie moves closer to her "We were all fine until you two came along. Ask them"182

I scoff offended "Are you saying we're to blame for all this drama? That we're clearly not even involved in. Are you kidding?"30

"I'm just saying" She bites moving back.8

"That was out of line" Nathan says unamused.+

She sighs loudly, mist escaping her mouth "You're right, I'm sorry"1

"It's okay" Kat says.102

Winnie looks to Nick "Can we take a walk? I really think we have to speak. Alone"12

"I don't want to speak to you" He bites.6

"Nick, come on" I intervene sternly, narrowing my eyes at him. He has no right to be more mad than she is. They're both wrong.15

He huffs defeated "Fine"+

He follows her to the exit of the show grounds as we watch them disappear from our view.+

hope you guys are staying at home xx 🖤65

***+

So... wanna tell me what happened yesterday?" Nathan asks curiously walking next to me.4

I don't really know where we're going. After breakfast, Nick just told all of us to get dressed and ready because he wanted to show us something and now we're just following him. He's walking with Kyle, Kat is walking with Winnie leaving Nathan and I at the back.+

How am I always at the back?4

"What are you talking about?" I ask "A lot of things happened yesterday"+

He gives me a look as if hoping I'll catch on before sighing "You and Kyle? You know, when I walked in on you guys?"1

"Ohh" I drag saying nothing else.+

"Speak" He demands impatiently.+

I shrug thoughtfully "Uh well, I don't really know. I think we were about to kiss"2

"Obviously" He deadpans "I saw it for myself but why exactly? Did you two finally confess your feelings?"3

"No" I screech "We just spoke"+

"Spoke?" He furrows his eyebrows confused "How does speaking lead to you guys almost kissing?"+

"We spoke about something important"+

He hums "Interesting. So when do you plan on telling the guy?"+

"Never" I reply "He doesn't even like me"14

"How do you know?"1

I frown "Yesterday he called me his friend. He friendzoned me, that obviously means he doesn't like me"5

"No it doesn't" He says. "He probably think you don't like him"+

"Well, I do" I whine pouting.+

"He doesn't know that. He could"+

"Have you guys had this conversation?" I ask him curiously "Like, have you asked him about me?"+

He nods "Sure"+

"What'd he say?" I press impatiently.+

"I can't tell you that, little player. How would you feel if I told him the things you tell me?"14

"Come on" I urge desperately "Just give me hint"+

He grins "I'll give the same one I always give you: you have nothing to worry about"3

"I don't even know what that means" I groan.24

"You'll know soon enough" He assures to which I just scowl.+

"You suck"+

He snorts "You'll thank me later"+

"Anyways did Kathrine tell you why she doesn't approve of mine and Kyle's friendship?" I ask him curiously.+

He shrugs "I just think she seriously doesn't like him"7

"She didn't say anything when I told her that I liked him" I counter thoughtfully "Why does she suddenly have a problem now?"57

"You never know with her, huh?"+

I nod "Tell me about it. I'll just have to ask her myself."+

We reach the others as they were waiting for us. They are waiting outside some huge building which I've noticed before but never really bothered asking about it.+

"Nice of you guys to finally join us" Nick says to which I just roll my eyes "Anyways welcome to the... ice skating rink"+

I grin happily "Yay! I love ice skating"6

"Finally something you like" Kyle snorts.4

"Yeah. Try not to fall on your butt" Nathan teases causing the others to laugh and me to scowl.2

"Wait but do we seriously have to skate? I don't think I want to" Kyle mutter awkwardly.+

"Yes you do" I smirk "You guys forced me to skii even though I didn't want to. Right guys?"+

They all nod "Yep"+

Him and Kat just scowl. At least they have something in common. Funny.3

Nick opens the double doors and we walk for a while before we are greeted by the huge square rink. It's really big and... icy. It is surrounded by seats, almost like a stadium. I can't help but grin in awe. There are some people skating and some just watching. Luckily it's not a lot.13

We follow Nicholas to where we get our skating shoes before telling the person all our sizes and he hands them to us. 2

"Woah Winnie, you have really tiny feet" Kat laughs watching her put on her shoes.9

"Leave me alone" Winnie grumbles.+

I just laugh fiddling with mine "I mean she is the shortest and the youngest so we shouldn't be surprised"3

"Shes like a tiny little purple squirrel" Nathan coos and we all laugh, except Winnie off course.8

After a few more minutes of banter, we all finally have our blade shoes on before walking to the rink and entering.8

I'm so excited.+

"Okay you guys, I really suck at this" Kat warns, her hand against the 'fence' of the rink as she skates slowly.+

"I'm here for you babe" Nathan jokes.6

"Whatever suckers" Nick screams as he skates away into the middle of the rink. He does so gracefully, Winnie also joins him but goes to the other side. They're still on their 'keeping our distance' thing.4

I decide to skate around Kat to make sure that she's comfortable.+

"I don't like this shit" She grumbles.+

"Same" Kyle says next to me. He's also standing with us and just moving his feet slowly so he doesn't fall. 2

I laugh amused because he seriously doesn't look to be enjoying himself, it also looks like he's not very good at this. I think he'd fall if he was in the middle and too far from the fence thing. Now he knows how I felt at the skiing thing. 1

Karma's a bitch.74

"Yeah cool so you two can hang here together then?" Nathan suggests mischievously "Chels and I wanna get skating"2

I grin, liking where this is going "Yep"+

"Don't leave me with him" Kat grits to Nathan and I but we just laugh before leaving them alone.5

"Nice thinking" I tell Nathan as I skate in circles and he high fives me doing the same.1

"Are you guys sure it's a good idea leaving those two alone?" Winnie laughs skating along with us.1

I just snicker "It's time Kat got a taste of her own medicine"3

She would always force Nathan and I to speak.1

"Hopefully she won't be mad cause I don't want a case of the blue balls" Nathan mutters, I think he's thinking out loud. He then skates away.13

"Gross" I scream since he's a bit away from me.+

I look to where the two enemies are to see that they're not even speaking. Kat is just scowling with her hands still on the fence as she skates slowly around it. Kyle is still just moving around next to her, quiet.4

Where are you guys reading from?1K

**2

Kyle and I are dancing happily with each other, huge smiles on our faces. He twirls me around and wraps his arms around my waist occasionally causing me to blush like a middle schooler.1

Work work work work workHe see me do me dirt dirt dirt dirt 57

Oh no! This song brings out my inner-stripper, especially when I'm drunk!!130

Acting on pure instinct, I turn around so that my back is to Kyle's front as I start to dance against him.110

I hear him suck in a deep breath and smirk.37

He places his hands on either side of my hips as he guides my movement against him. I close my eyes and sway my hips to the rhythm, very much enjoying myself, his warmth and his body on mine.49

"Shit" I hear him grunt.68

I start to grind against him even going down as I wrap my arm around his neck so that his head is against the crook of mine and I feel his warm breath there sending tingles down my spine.40

All that I wanted for you was to give me something that I never hadSomething that I never seenSomething that I never beenMhhhhhhhm18

He grunts loudly before turning me around so that we're face to face. I smirk when I see that his eyes have definitely darkened. The good darkening; like they did when he saw me in my underwear the other day.16

"You're killing me" He murmurs.13

I smile coyly "I'm just dancing"2

"Maybe Nathan was right... you're not as innocent as you seem" He tseks amused and tortured.12

It seems like Nathan was right about a lot of things. Such as the fact that we would end up liking each other... or at least I would.+

I smirk, enjoying the effect I have on him.3

He shakes his head also smirking as he grips my hips more tightly encouraging me to keep dancing. We look at nothing but each other as desire clouds both our eyes.2

I wrap my arms around his neck again as I stand on my tippy toes. He lowers his head so that it's against my ear.2

"I like this song because of you now" He whispers before biting down on my earlobe seductively and continues to lick right above my neck.225

Oh god. +

I let out a small moan as I feel butterflies invade my stomach and my legs start to feel like jello but he holds me up.4

"Kyle..." I breathe, absentmindedly craning my neck so he continues his assault.10

It feels so good.+

"Mmh" He hums moving his lips so that they're right on the side of my neck as he opens his lips wider and sucks there gently.100

Oh my god.+

I'm pretty sure I moan louder, causing him to grunt and hold me tighter against him but continues to the point that I think he might give me a hickey. He's so good at this. If this is how his lips feel against my neck... I can only imagine how much better they'd feel against my own.35

I close my eyes as I enjoy the sensation.+

He then moves his face so that it's in front of mine again and I finally open my eyes to be greeted by his satisfied and dark ones. I blush after realizing what just happened. I may be drunk but I know what we're doing.+

It's suddenly so hot in here. Goddamn.7

"You're cute" He grins boyishly.16

I roll my eyes grinning too "Hush"+

An upbeat song starts playing causing us to unwrap our arms and just jump around. Or at least I do. He just watches me amused and occasionally intertwines our hands causing me to blush. I don't think I've ever had this much fun.6

"Hey dude, look who I found" Comes Nick's enthusiastic voice causing Kyle and I to look behind us.23

Eww.+

He's with that girl from skiing... it's the black haired one whose name is Gina. The one I didn't like.3

"Hey Kyle" She waves smiling.2

I don't fucking like her.5

I scowl watching the scene with my arms crossed annoyed.1

Kyle runs a hand through his blonde locks "Hi Gina" He then looks to Nick "Why exactly did you bring her?"3

Nick shrugs "She asked about you"28

"Do you guys want a minute?" It comes out much harsher than I intended. I blame the alcohol for all my anger and jealously.3

Nick gestures between Gina and Kyle "Ask them. I was just leaving, I found my own girl"25

Off course he did.2

He then walks away leaving the three of us in an awkward silence.+

"Okay bye I'm leaving" I announce stiffly as I start to walk away before either of them can say anything.3

Ugh!+

I angrily take a seat on our now empty table as I look away from the sight. I think Kyle was just speaking to her. Why is he freaking speaking to her though? Why didn't he follow me?23

And why would Nicholas do this? Just yesterday I told him that I actually liked Kyle and now he's trying to set him up with another girl... that I already don't fucking like. This just ruined my night. I want to go.27

"Hey lady, why all alone?" 2

I didn't even notice Winnie make her way to me. She's with Liam and they both take a seat on the opposite side.+

"I'm tired" I lie.+

She gives me a skeptical look "Yeah right. I saw Kyle with that girl. That's why you're upset isn't it?"+

Since when is she an observant drunk?+

I shrug "Maybe"+

"Don't worry, he looked pretty annoyed. I'm pretty sure he'd rather be with you" She tells me and I just sigh, not believing her.2

"Hey Chels" Liam smiles.30

"Hey" I wave.+

His face looks better than it did yesterday but he still has that black eye. Nicholas is such an animal jeez.1

I kind of feel bad for being rude to him.5

"Come on, don't you want to dance with us?" Winnie asks enthusiastically.+

"No" I say before looking to Liam "Did Winnie tell you it was her birthday tomorrow?"+

He grins nodding "Yep. I already gave her her birthday kiss"+

I look to Winnie interested "You did?"1

"Yep" Liam says causing Winnie to blush "Like a few minutes ago"+

"Interesting" I murmur.+

Liam then gets up, as if sensing I need to speak to Winnie alone "I need the restroom. I'll be right back"1

"Hi"1

The door opens widely to reveal the source of that tiny voice. It's a cute dark-brown haired girl who looks to be about 4 years old. She is wearing tiny purple tights and a black jacket with tiny brown boots. Her long hair is left down. She's so cute. Behind her small self is Winnie with a pink bag in her hand.4

"Hi Chels" She greets hastily.+

My eyes are glued to the tiny girl "Hey. Who's she?"+

"I'm Willow" She greets with a smile.7

"She's my little sister" Winnie clarifies "Listen, my parents just sort of left her with me without notice earlier this morning and I kind of have somewhere to be"+

Winnie has a sister? They don't look much alike at all.+

I put my cereal bowl away "Yes..."+

"Would you mind babysitting her for like a few hours?" She asks slowly; hopefully.12

I look to the little girl and she offers me a wide smile and I can't help but smile back. What could possibly go wrong "Sure"25

Winnie grins as she hands me the bag.+

"She's not a baby but these are her things. Sometime she gets antsy so just ask her what she wants from the bag"+

"I'm not a child, Winnie" The girl protests.1

"I know, I know" Winnie sighs kissing her forehead "Just behave for Chels, okay? I'll be back"+

She nods innocently "Okay"+

Winnie then looks at me "Thank you so much Chels. I owe you one. Is Kyle home?"+

"Yep. He's still sleeping" I reply.+

He was so tired from all the driving yesterday but didn't get a chance to sleep because after we got to the apartment he said he had 'some business to attend to'. He didn't want to tell me what it was but I have a feeling it had something to do with his brother and father. He wasn't back till much later and decided to hit the sack.3

I just spent the day sleeping and catching up on all my series that I had been missing. Also reminiscing about how much fun I had on the trip with everyone... mostly Kyle.+

"He likes Willow so I don't think he'll really mind" She tells me "I'll try to be back as quick as possible. Thanks again"+

"Off course" I reassure.26

Winnie then gives her little sister one last kiss before dashing for the door. I'm not too nervous because I'm kind of good with children. I don't think I'll have any trouble with her.+

"So... what do you want to do?" I ask the cutie.+

She shrugs "I don't know. How about you tell me what your name is first?"37

"Chelsea or Chels" I laugh softly.+

"Hi Chels" She grins "I'm Willow"2

"I know" I say "Winnie told me. Do you want to watch some tv?"+

"Okay" She says.+

I lead her into the living room as she takes a seat next to me on the couch and I put on it on. Luckily some cartoon is playing so I stick with that channel.+

"I don't like Sabrina" She complains.10

I look at her amused "So then what do you like, lady?"+

"I like Camp Rock"23

I laugh loudly at that piece of information "Aren't you too young for Camp Rock?"6

"No" She protests immediately.+

"Who's your favorite character?"+

She grins "I like Shane. He looks like a handsome prince. Just like Kylie"25

"Kylie?" I raise a brow.5

"Yes. Winnie said he lives with you. He's handsome like a prince. He's also nice to me. More nice than Nicky"2

I can't help but laugh at the information and at the nicknames. I think she has a little crush on Kyle.+

Join the club, sister.52

"What does Nicky do thats so bad?"+

She pouts "He always laughs at me. And sometimes he trips me on purpose so I fall"61

That does sound like Nicholas.+

"He's evil, isn't he?" I hide a laugh.+

"Yes" She pouts moving her hair out of her face. She's so cute! "But Kylie is much nicer. He always smacks Nicky when he does bad things to me. And he makes me laugh"+

I grin "Kylie is amazing, huh?"+

She nods grinning "Yes. And he looks like Prince Charming"+

Even little girls recognize his beauty.+

"I know" I laugh.+

"Are you his girlfriend?" She asks shyly with a small blush.+

"No" +

"I wish you were. You're also pretty like Cinderella. You two would be perfect together" She grins widely.100

I snicker "Really now?"+

She nods enthusiastically "Yes. Kylie deserves a pretty girl like you"47

Oh wow.+

I can't help but grin at the little cutie.+

"Done gossiping about me?" Comes a deep voice which sounds very amused and entertained.25

I look behind me to spot Kyle watching us.+

He looks freshly showered and rested. He is wearing black sweatpants, a white Nike t-shirt and his grey slippers. I can smell his addictive scent from here.9

"Kylie!" Willow screams happily as she bolts off the couch and runs to him. He crouches down as he envelopes her tiny self into his huge arms and lifts her up.32

I can't help but grin widely at the sight.+

"Hi" Kyle ruffles her hair with her still in his arms "You good?"+

She nods looking at his face "Yes. You have a stubble like my daddy"43

"I guess I do" He says "Do you like it?"+

"No" She giggles scrunching her face up "I like it better when you don't have anything on your chin"5

"Well too bad" He retorts sticking his tongue out at her.+

So cute!+

She pinches his cheek, acting offended before they both continue to laugh together. Soon he sets her back on the ground as they both walk to join me on the couch.+

"Morning" Kyle greets sheepishly.+

I grin at him teasingly "Morning. Even though it's past 12"+

He just rolls his eyes at me. He was really tired, huh? Normally he wakes up way before me.+

"Kylie, how come you live with a girl?"+

Just a filler. Haven't been feeling my best but I feel bad for not updating. Hope you still like it though.21

**+

After Winnie came to pick Willow up an hour ago, Kyle and I decided that we seriously needed to do some grocery shopping. The fridge and cardboards are literally empty. I really don't remember what happened to all the food.24

Anyways before that, Winnie spent some time with us. She explained that her parents were in town for business and brought Willow with because apparently she missed her big sister even though she had just seen her on Christmas. Maybe she just wanted to wish her a belated birthday. +

Speaking of... Winnie's parents bought her car. I noticed an unfamiliar red Mercedes Benz and when I asked, she said it was hers. We were both so excited.4

Lucky fish.5

I didn't really get to ask Winnie about the whole adopting thing because Willow was still around but she was too distracted with Kyle. They're really cute. I guess I'll ask her later.24

"Since when do you drink fat free milk?" Kyle asks as I place the milk in my cart.+

"I think I wanna go on a diet. I've been eating way too unhealthily" I explain as I scan the aisle for anything else I need.+

Kyle grabs a yoghurt "But you're tiny"15

"I'm not doing it to lose weight, I just want to be healthy like you" I say.2

He just rolls his eyes as he drives his cart to another aisle and I follow him. We've been shopping for about 10 minutes now and I'm already tired. I've always hated shopping. It's tiring and useless. I would always get someone to do it for me.11

"Ohh Granola bar" I exclaim excited as I grab two boxes with six inside and place them in my still kind of empty cart.+

I love Granola bars. They're so good.+

"What happened to the diet?"+

"These are healthy" I excuse defensively.1

He raises a brow snorting "Do you know how much honey is in that thing?"11

"I don't need your judgment" I retort.+

He clicks his tongue before going further forward as he grabs three different cereals, sugar, a bunch of noodles, spaghetti and macaroni, and places them inside his cart.9

"You're so weird" I note watching him.+

"What?"+

I laugh fascinated "Why'd you take so many different cereals?"+

"I can't eat the same thing every morning"26

"So you open them all at the same time?" I ask amused.3

He nods "Yeah. It's normal"+

"It's not" I snort following him.22

"I don't need your judgement" He retorts using my line against me. I would smartmouth him back but...1

Oh shit.1

We've just entered the next aisle and I immediately spot Noah. He's walking with Mick.30

Since when does he hang out with him?+

I really hoped I wouldn't bump into anyone I knew, because a lot of kids on campus do their shopping here. Well, looks like I did.1

Before I can make a dash for it, Noah turns tomy side and notices me before his smiley face is replaced with a scowl. Why do I always get that reaction?4

I see him whisper something to Mick's ear before his gaze shifts to the two of us.+

"Why do I always bump into him when I'm with you" I ask absentmindedly to Kyle.7

He sighs shaking his head "It's annoying"+

I just follow behind him in the same aisle, trying my best to ignore Noah's sharp gaze.+

"Chelsea-Welsea" Comes Mick's voice as I walk past them. I hoped they'd also ignore me. I look to him unamused and he smiles waving at me.+

He still calls me that stupid name.+

"Hi" I say tightly.+

"Hi. You don't greet anymore" He tseks.+

"We were never friends" I retort "We only spoke because of Kathrine"+

He laughs amused "Sharp words"+

"Okay I'm going. See you by the tills" Kyle announces to me after shooting daggers at the two boys. He doesn't wait for my response as he leaves me alone with them.46

"So you and Chambers, huh?" Mick asks curiously, his hand on his chin.+

Noah is just scowling and saying nothing.+

"What about us?"+

"Are you two together?" +

I roll my eyes annoyed "Is that any of your business, Mick?"+

"I'll take that as a yes" He tseks amused "I have to admit, Chels, I thought you were better than that"2

"What are you talking about?" I bite.+

"I thought you liked the good guys like my man Noah over here" He says, nudging the straight-lipped boy at topic "I thought the bad boys were for Kathrine"3

"Don't speak about my friend like that"1

He just laughs "Oh, my bad"+

"Don't you remember what happened the last time you got all arrogant with her" I remind harshly.3

That immediately shuts him up.+

I look to Noah "Since when are you friends with him? Does Kat know?"+

"Know what?" He asks nonchalantly.1

"That you're friends with him. Did you forget what he did to her?"+

"That's between them" He says.+

I laugh bitterly unhumored "Wow."+

"Don't even start with your shit, Chelsea" He bites accusingly and I flinch "You can't judge my choice of friends when you're friends with someone like Chambers... probably more"2

"You don't even know him" I snarl.1

Noah smirks, shaking his head "Look at you; even defending the guy. He must he fucking you good. Just like every other girl"35

How dare he?+

My hand seems to have a mind of its own as it connects with his cheek hard.28

Oh my gosh, I actually just slapped him.117

"Fuck you" I say before driving my cart away from him.20

Who does he think he is? I mean I can tolerate his hostility when he's drunk- because he at least has an excuse- but now he's sober. How dare he say that to me? What happened to him? Why does he hate me so much? Why is he hanging out with such jerks now like Mick, Lisa and Jared who apparently is friends with Zorro?8

Maybe it has something to do with him thinking I like 'dicks' now so he's also trying to be one. Could it be?+

But is he right? Am I just like every other girl to Kyle? I can't help but swallow a lump at even the thought.3

"Did you guys know that Winnie had a little sister?" I ask the gang who is too busy focused on the tv.10

"You mean Willow? That little monster" Nick grumbles.7

So they do hate each other.+

I giggle "She's a sweetheart"+

"Winnie, you have a sister?" Kat asks surprised and she nods "Its getting bad that I don't know a lot about you guys. I mean we've been together for almost four months now"5

"Same" I agree thoughtfully.+

"Should we do like a family background thing?" Winnie suggests and we all nod.+

Thank goodness Kyle isn't here for this. This was going to get very awkward for him considering he has a very colorful family background. He went to go take a shower.5

"I'll go first" Nick announces with his hand raised "So uh, mom passed away when I was younger so I have a stepmom. Don't worry, she's amazing"7

"Nick..." I gape shocked and sad.45

I think Kat already knew because she doesn't look surprised at all. Just kind of sad.2

He smiles "It's okay, little Chels. Anyways I have an older sister, her name is Lena. We obviously have the same mom. My dad and my stepmom don't have any children together so yeah, it's just us"6

"Wow" I breathe still shocked at everything.10

I cannot believe how much I don't know these people.1

Nick smiles at me, cause it's pretty obvious I'm the only one who didn't know. He gives me a 'you can ask me everything later' look and I smile back tightly.+

Poor Nicky.4

"Okay, I'll go" Winnie says "I have two parents and a younger sister. Her name is Willow and she's adopted. She's been with us ever since she was one and she's amazing. My parents just sort of fell for her at first sight. I don't really know whose idea it was to adopt and why but I can't complain because as I said... she's amazing"+

I smile.+

"Woah Winnie, I had no idea" Kat murmurs softly.18

"It's okay" Winnie dismisses with a smile.+

"Well my family background is pretty boring compared to all of y'alls" Kat jokes lightly and we all breathe a laugh "Anyways. I have two married parents and I'm the only child"13

"That's it?" Nick teases.+

Kat rolls her eyes flipping him off "Yes that's it Nicholas"+

We all laugh.+

"Okay, my turn" I announce softly "I have two parents and they've been divorced since I was like four. Anyways my dad remarried to this woman called Josie who used to he horrible to me. My dad wasn't in my life for like three years because of her. They have a nine year old son together, my brother Christian and they're expecting a girl anytime now"14

"Chels..." Nathan utters.56

I remember mentioning the story to the others so they're not very surprised, just still kind of sad at the reminder.+

"Don't worry, Josie and I kind of patched things up" I assure with a smile.+

He smiles at me "Good"+

Aww. He cares.5

"Babe... your turn" Kat says softly after a while of silence, her arm around his shoulder. I have a bad feeling about what he's going to tell us.+

Nathan gulps, his eyes distant.+

Oh no.+

"Where do I begin?" He says nervously, absentmindedly toying with his fingers "Okay well my dad is in prison for assault"88

We all gape. Except Kat obviously.+

"Dude" Nick breathes, eyes wide.+

"Yeah" Nathan nods softly "Uh, he used to abuse my mom and I a few years back. He would come home drunk and beat the both of us up. My mom would always try to protect me but he'd get angry and eventually find his way to me."63

By now tears are forming in my eyes.31

"Nathan" I croak.73

"We couldn't lay charges because he'd threaten to kill my mom. I hate to admit it, but I really believed the guy; he was fucking crazy. After a while I had enough and finally did it. Luckily it was one of those rare times he'd allow my mom to be out of town for a family visit so she wasn't in harms way. He was arrested a day later and is currently serving his time"2

"Nathan" Winnie sniffs.9

All the girls are crying. Nick just has a huge frown on his face, his eyes soft.59

"Don't cry" He comforts nervously.+

I wipe the tears from my face "Uhm, when did this happen?"4

"The arrest happened senior year" He says.+

"You mean the year you finally lost your virginity?" Nick jokes trying to make the mood lighter and it kind of works because we all end up laughing softly.11

"I think we all need a group hug after that" Kat announces her arms spread.9

We shrug before doing that. The ones who were on the couch join the rest of us on the floor. My arms are around Winnie and Nick since they're on each side of me and all of our heads are against each other. The boys still stink but I ignore it because I don't want to ruin the moment.+

"Chels, say your line" Nick muffles.62

"I love you guys" I grin happily.7

"Love you too" They choir back against each other causing all of us to laugh happily.7

"Uh, what's happening?"19

We pull back when we're interrupted by Kyle's voice which sounds very confused.+

"You missed out on the group hug" Nick tells him as he walks closer to us.+

"Thank goodness" He mutters.42

We all shoot daggers at him. He actually missed a lot. His eyes linger on me because I think he notices that I've been crying but he doesn't say anything. I wonder if he knows about Nathan's story.7

"Hey, who's red Mercedes is parked outside? I've never seen it" Nathan asks as he stands up and sits on the couch next to Kyle.+

"Mine" Winnie grins sheepishly.+

"Winona, you got a car?" Kyle gapes looking surprised.+

She nods "It was a birthday gift"+

"Lucky, huh?" I tease smiling at her.1

"I need an upgrade" Kat complains pouting. She has a BMW so I don't know what her problem is.18

"Kathrine, you can't even drive" Nick deadpans.13

"I can too" She defends loudly.+

"So am I the only one who doesn't have a car now?" I ask looking around and they all nod as they laugh at me.4

"You could've asked your dad for one a long time ago" Kat shrugs.+

"Yeah. Doesn't he like give you a shit ton of money?" Winnie adds.+

Four words: I look fucking gorgeous. 78

I don't see or say it often but tonight I really do. The girls and I are currently at Winnie's and getting ready for the new years party. We all ended up deciding on Cuba earlier.+

"Chels. Oh my fuck" Kat gapes when she sees me with a huge grin "Gorgeous!"6

I smile sheepishly "Thanks"+

"I agree" Winnie breathes watching me.+

It's cold but we're all dressed pretty cool. It's warm inside the club so it's not a big deal, plus we brought jackets. Anyways I'm wearing a red off-the-shoulder tight dress with a huge slit on the side which makes me look more curvy than I thought I was. It ends just below my knees. I wore it with a matching red chocker, black high heels, a black leather jacket which is casually slung on my shoulders and my large hoop earring.25


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                            201

(ps: focus mostly on the dress and nothing else. it's what i had in mind but you can feel free to use your own imagination)69

We went shopping earlier (they forced me... again) and I instantly fell in love with it. Winnie persuaded me to buy it and reassured I'd look good in it. I took her word for it cause the girl knows the color red.3

Kathrine did my make-up which consists of shaping my eyebrows, giving me smokey eye, mascara to elevate my eyelashes and red lip stick, and I actually can't believe how good I look. I didn't want to go overboard. My blonde hair is flowing down my back and tucked behind my ear with a line in the middle.36

"Okay, Chels, please get away from me. You're making me insecure" Kat says finishing off her make-up.18

I roll my eyes smiling "Stop with the drama"+

"Seriously. Kyle will not be able to take his eyes off of you tonight" Winnie grins, moving her perfectly shaped eyebrows up and down.3

I hope.1

She is wearing black high-waisted jeans which make her body look so good and matched them with a white lacey bralett showcasing her flat stomach and black stiletto heels. She has a lot of ear piercing so she's wearing a lot of earrings which suit her. Her short purple hair is let down and neatly brushed.2


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                            135

(this is what I had in mind for the outfit. ignore the unpurple hair)4

She looks really good.3

Kathrine is wearing a blue two-piece which consists of a tight mini top and a matching tight pencil skirt- showcasing her amazing body- which is long and end just above her ankles. She looks so good. She matched it with a white fur jacket and white sheer stiletto heels. She is wearing an infinity necklace that apparently Nathan gave her as a gift and luckily it goes well with the whole outfit. Her caramel hair is styled into a neat but kind of messy bun which is on top of her head.3


      
  
    
        
    
    
      
        
        
      
    
   
  43

(again: feel free to use your own imagination)57

She is absolutely beautiful.+

"We need selfies!" Kat exclaims when she's done. 3

Winnie and I agree as she grabs her phone and starts snapping away. We make all kinds of different poses. Oh my gosh, we look so fucking good! +

"We should get going. Nathan texted me that they were on the way there" She says.+

We all agreed to meet there because they said and I quote 'you girls are going to take forever and we're not going to wait for you'. They've been strangers to us the whole day. We went shopping without them, which took so long by the way, and also got ready without them.+

I haven't seen Kyle since this morning when the girls came to pick me up.+

I kind of miss him.6

"Winnie, we're taking your car" I announce excitedly and they agree.3

I'm so ready to end this year and welcome a new one.2

Let's go!!+

***1

"Oh my gosh, it is packed" Winnie gapes as we maneuver our way past the many bodies.+

The bouncers let us in easily without much questioning. I think they didn't have time for that because there are literally so many people here. To be fair... every other club is like this so it's not like we could leave.+

"Okay, Nathan says they're where we were at Betty's party" Kat shouts through the loud music.+

After about five minutes of making our way past the crowd, I locate Nick's curly hair and show the others before we quickly make our way there.2

"Woah"+

Nathan is the first one to notice us. His eyes are wide as he grins looking at all of us. His eyes stay way longer on his girlfriend as he admires her. I would too.+

"You ladies clean up good" Nick compliments grinning at us, mostly Winnie.13

Cute.+

Kyle is the last one to look our way. His eyes don't even waste time before he finds me in the little red number. They immediately widening looking to be in awe and fascination. They start at my feet before slowly and gradually making their way up to my face, lingering at my small waist and kind of wide hips, at this point they're slightly dark. He clenches his jaw too looking tortured at the sight.76

where are you guys reading from?254

***1

10!"+

It took me forever to finally enter because there was a crowd by the door that just wouldn't move. I finally managed to get past them.+

"9!"+

I'm freaking out because I can't find Kyle or any of my friends in this busy and loud place. Why is everything annoying me? Ugh, Zorro really did ruin my night.+

"8!"+

"Chels, there you are"+

Finally. I smile relieved when I see Kat and Nathan holding hands.+

"7!"+

"Where were you. Kyle was looking for you" Nathan tells me after he's excitedly counted down the latest number.+

He was?+

"6!"1

Before I answer, Kat starts to shoo me away "Go find him. It's almost time. I know you two want to kiss"3

"5!"+

I can't help but smile as she winks at me reassuringly.+

"4!"+

This is it. I'm going to kiss Kyle. I don't care what happens. I'm going to put it all on the table. It's not even the alcohol saying this, I'm completely sober at this point. That conversation with Zorro did that to me.9

"3!"+

I literally start running and shoving everyone that's in my way as I make my way to where we were standing. I doubt he moved. 2

I can't even focus on anything else that's going on. I think I spot Nick but I'm too distracted. All I know is that I have to find Kyle. I have to kiss him. His lips have to be how I start my new year.9

"2!"+

Oh my gosh! Where is he?! I start to run faster and breathe relieved when I see his blonde hair three feet away from me. I calm myself down and quickly fix myself as I walk there.+

"1!"+

I get closer as I come at different angle and see that he's with a girl. Angeline. He looks to be saying something to her but she's too busy happily counting down with the crowd with her hand on his shoulder.27

I freeze in my spot. What's happening?+

"HAPPY NEW YEAR!"+

And then my worst nightmare comes true... her lips connect with his and it literally feels like I've just been stabbed with a knife in my stomach as the world stops.338

I look away as quickly as I can after I've just registered the awful sight as my gaze starts to blur with tears. I don't want to blink but I do and a single tear falls down my cheek before they all start falling down rapidly. I numbly start to walk away. I don't know where I'm going but I just want to get out of here.2

It hurts so much.1

So that's the girl I know well that he was talking about? Because she used to be a frequent visitor at the apartment? Oh god. How stupid could I have been thinking it was me? Kyle could never like me.6

"Little Chels!"+

I don't look back when I hear Nick call my name.+

He catches up to me and turns me around. I'm greeted by a confused and concerned face "Chels? What's wrong? Why are you crying?"2

I shake my head, words refusing to leave.+

"Chels?" He says softly "Speak"+

"Hey y'all! Chels, did you get your new years kiss from-" Kat stops mid-rant when she sees my face "Oh god, what's wrong?"+

"She won't tell me either" Nick says.+

Nathan touches my shoulder "Chels, what's wrong? Please speak"+

"I want to leave" I croak, above a whisper.7

I doubt they can hear me with the music so Nick moves closer to my mouth with his ear and I repeat my statement.+

They all frown but follow me to the exit that I had just entered and soon we're outside.+

"Guys" Winnie is the next to appear.+

"Oh hi" Kat greets looking at nothing but me.+

"I literally chased you guys out here" Winnie says, her voice sounding closer. I can't see her because I'm looking at the ground "What's happening?"+

I sniff as I wipe my face.+

What am I doing crying over Kyle? He's not even my boyfriend. He probably doesn't even like me. That's why he kissed Angeline and not me. It has to be.6

"It's Kyle, isn't it?" Nick confronts.+

Oh no.+

The mention of his name from someone else sends daggers to my heart as I start to sob uncontrollably.+

"Yes" I sob nodding.9

Kat immediately envelops me into a hug as I cover my face "What happened?"+

"He... he" I sob "He kissed Angeline"30

I hear the others gasp.+

"Are you sure?" Nathan asks slowly.+

I nod against his girlfriend "Yes. I-I saw it with my own eyes"4

I probably look like a nightmare. I'm pretty sure my make-up is smudges and mascara is running down my cheeks.21

I can't bring myself to care.1

I feel another arm hug me and I can tell it's Winnie because of how tiny it is. And I can't smell her signature vanilla cologne.+

"Chels" She coos "Maybe it's a misunderstanding"+

I shake my head hastily as I move away from the both of them "No it's not. I like him and he doesn't like me. I've never felt more stupid"+

"He does" Nick assures.+

More tears start to fall down my face "Then why did he kiss Angeline and not me?"6

I wipe my face again angrily. How dare these tears betray me like this? I feel so weak.+

I am weak.4

"Look, I like Winnie but I kissed someone else who isn't her tonight" Nick says causing the others to narrow their eyes at him. Winnie just tucks a piece of her hair behind her ear.18

Is that supposed to make me feel better?5

"It's not the same" I cry and Kat hugs me again tighter against her "I wanna leave"+

It hurts so much. +

"Have you guys seen Ch..."161

It's Kyle.3

I hide myself tighter into Kat. I can't let him see me like this. But hearing his voice just makes this hurt even more as the traitorous tears start to fall against Kat's fur coat. I'm pretty sure my now wet mascara is going to mess it up.6

I hope she won't hate me.+

"I think you should leave" Kat bites harshly. 47

I can feel her vocal chords against my hair. I want Kyle to leave but I also don't want him to leave at the same time. It's not his fault I'm weak. It's not his fault that I like him and he doesn't like me. But God, it hurts so much.2

sorry i'm so inconsistent, you guys. but i hope this makes up for it xoxo.+

Kyle's POV.734

She's so beautiful.29

She's never looked more at peace than she does right now sleeping in my arms. She is clung to me like a koala and I can't complain at all. Her tiny arm is holding me tightly against her and she's laying on my chest, her legs are above my own under the sheets and I smile.14

She looks like an angel... she is an angel. Her long eyelashes are shadowed just above her rosy cheeks. Her tiny nose is inhaling and exhaling gently. Her full and pink lips are slightly puckered... like they do when she's concentrating.48

I wish I could taste them.110

There are no forehead creases on her face, no sign of any stress and I can't help but feel like that's how I want her to look forever. Peaceful... angelic.2

Will she ever be though? I mean, has she met me? I'm anything but. I'll bring nothing but stress and trouble to her life. I already have. Leading me to ask how in the hell she ended up falling for a guy like me. I can't seem to mind though because I've fallen for her too... hard.40

It was very hard not to. I really tried my best to resist her but there was only so much I could do. She's just so perfect, so vibrant, so full of life, so likeable... and lord, so fucking beautiful. Those soft blue eyes that look at me like I'm a saint when I know I'm not. Her tiny and addictive voice and laugh that I can't go a day without hearing. Her innocence... That wide and carefree smile. Her witty comments and personality. Good god, I never ever stood a chance, did I? She's my absolute weakness.91

It's true... I'm weak when it comes to Chelsea-Anne Richards. I don't know what she did to me. One minute she was this annoying little peasant and then the next... she was my light in the darkness. Cheesy but it's true. The one person who could make me smile and speak even when I didn't want to.45

How did she do it?6

I knew from the very first minute of meeting her that my life wouldn't be the same after... I just knew it. I tried so hard to fight that, I was okay with my life, I had already accepted everything the way it was... and then she just comes and flips it all around.4

I want to hate her for it but I can't. I never can hate her and I never did. I was a jerk to her to try and fight my fate, and it's also kind of mypersonality. I knew I'd end up liking her, I just knew it so I thought if I'm rude to her then she'd hate me and never speak to me. Ha! Not Chelsea-Anne. She was determined to be my friend and I actually have no idea why. Soon, I was warming up to the gorgeous blonde and now here I am... weak and whipped over her.12

I can't seem to mind.1

Last night... last night was so good, well only the second half of it. Hearing her admit that she actually liked me was priceless. I thought maybe Nathan had been lying but apparently he wasn't. I can't say she didn't make it obvious though. She's always been horrible at hiding her emotions.+

I was going to kiss her... I really was but yeah that whole thing happened. I've been dying to since god knows when. Those pink lips are always torturing me, so is that amazing body of hers. Good lord, she's a masterpiece.18

How did she end up liking me?6

She's too good for me. I know I don't deserve her but I'm too selfish. Only I can have her, not one else. Only me.51

I'm snapped back to reality when she starts to squirm against me. She carries on for a few more seconds with me watching her fascinated until her eyes flutter open.8

Beautiful.+

She looks up to me sheepishly "Morning"3

"Morning" I greet back amused.+

She gets up from against my chest and I frown slightly at the lack of contact before she starts to stretch gently and rub her eyes. I can see that she's holding back her stretch, probably scared to embarrass herself in front of me, knowing her. She should know that nothing she does is embarrassing to me, it just fascinated me. She leans against her headboard and I join her.1

"Why do you look fresh? How long have you been up?" She asks skeptically as she fixes her loose ponytail.1

"A few hours" I shrug.+

"Doing what?" She drawls.+

"Watching you sleep" I muse and she rolls her eyes but a smile plays on those lips. She always does that.30

"Don't lie" +

I laugh "I'm serious. Okay I also washed my face and teeth. Then I came back here to finish watching you"3

It's true though.+

She shakes her head "Weirdo"+

"Did you know you snore?" I say, even though she doesn't really, just to get her to blush. I like it when she does that.3

"I do not" She response flustered.+

"Yeah sure" I snort.1

She rolls her eyes moving "Wait here, I have to go freshen up too"+

She gets up from her bed as she starts walking to the bathroom.+

I can't believe I got to smell her the whole night. How lucky am I? I'm pretty sure I want to sleep with her forever. I wouldn't mind waking up to her face every morning. I can't say that to her though. I think it'll freak her out.41

She's too innocent. Or so I think.8

That night at the resort when she was grinding against me. I'll never forget that. Ever. That was so fucking sexy. I couldn't believe my eyes but I didn't mind at all. I don't think she notices but every time she checks me out, her breathing slows down and her pupils dilate gently... as if she really wants me.12

It's sexy.+

"Okay I'm back" +

She jumps on the bed and gets under the covers next to me since it's still cold. I see no difference from before and after she washed her face. She's just always beautiful.+

I sound like a wimp.21

"How'd you sleep?" I ask.+

She grins "Good. You're surprisingly very comfortable, Chambers"+

I love it when she calls me that.+

"I know" I muse.1

She rolls her eyes "How'd you sleep?"+

"Fine" I reply. I actually slept better than I have in a long time and it was because of her but she doesn't need to know that. 4

"Good" She murmurs.+

"You said you wanted to tell me something" I remind.3

I can see fear make its way to her soft eyes at reminder and I sit up alarmed. She fiddles with her fingers signaling that she feels nervous and uncomfortable before sighing loudly.+

"I spoke to Zorro last night"+

"What?" My voice booms angrily "That's where you were?"+

She nods "He dragged me with him"+

"I knew it" Nathan says proudly.11

I look at him confused "Knew what?"+

"That you and Kyle were making an excuse to have make-up sex last night" He smirks.1

"Why? What do you see?" Nick chimes.+

I'm also asking the same thing.+

Nathan points to my neck smugly "I see a big purple bruise called a hickey on Chelsea's neck which obviously Kyle gave to her"3

Right.+

"So?" I retort recovering.+

Nick smirks "Did you guys really fuck?"8

"No" I screech incredulously.2

"Then why do you have a hickey?" Nathan challenges, not believing me.+

"Cause he gave me one" I say.+

Why knew boys liked news? They hang too much around Kathrine.13

These two idiots came a few minutes ago to come collect their stuff from Kyle's room and have just been bothering me ever since. We're in the kitchen. Nathan and I are sitting on the two chairs and Nick is sitting on the counter watching us.+

Speaking of Kyle... he left after we had breakfast. Well, more like lunch because it was well past breakfast hours. I couldn't stop grinning at him the whole time. Whatever doubts I had about him liking me are gone... kind of. He was looking at me like I'm the prettiest girl in the world. Maybe he always has and I just didn't notice. That whole thing in my bedroom was so nice too. I can't stop thinking about it. His lips all over my face... my neck. The whole thing about him wanting to kiss me and why he can't yet. He should seriously be a poet because it made my heart skip a beat.7

And lastly... him saying I'm his.2

I think I am.24

Anyways I need to start thinking of any excuse to get him to sleep in my room every night. It was so good! I want to wake up to his face again and again. Maybe I should say I'm scared Zorro will kidnap me in my sleep.47

Yes! I'll say that.25

"Hello? Are you too busy thinking about Kyle?" Nick snap a finger in my face, setting me back to reality.3

"Sorry what did you say?" +

Nick sighs "I was asking where he is"+

"Oh. Something about his racing car so maybe he's at the track" I tell him.+

"Oh, we're starting soon again" Nathan says.+

"When are you going to get your car ready? Unless it already is" I ask curiously.+

He hums "I'll go tomorrow"+

"Can I come with?" Nick asks.+

"Sure, whatever"+

"So how long you the two of you known that your friend liked me?" I ask accusingly but playfully at the same time.+

Nick snorts "Since forever. He was indenial"10

"Speaking of... you two lost" Nathan smirks smugly and I raise a confused brow "Remember about two months ago I told you guys that you'd end up liking each other and you challenged me otherwise"1

I laugh loudly remembering "Right"1

"You prophesied this?" Nick gapes.+

I know. It's freaky.2

Nathan shrugs arrogantly "What can I say? I've mastered the art of human behavior. Especially if those humans include Chels and Kyle"14

"That's so lame" I snort flatly.1

"What's your next prophecy, Messiah?" Nick asks, playing along.75

Nathan strokes his chin, acting deep in thought causing me to laugh loudly "I say... these two won't make it official any time soon knowing them"1

How did he know? +

"We're taking things slow" I defend.+

Nick gapes looking at his friend "Dude, this is weird. How do you know?"2

"I know them" Nathan shrugs.4

"So what do you mean by you guys are taking it slow?" Nick asks after recovering.+

I hum thoughtfully "Uhm, there's just a few things we have to take care of first before we can fully focus on more"+

"What? His family thing?" Nathan asks.+

"Yeah. Something like that" I confirm.+

He gives me a look as if to say 'we'll speak about this later when he isn't here'. Right, Nathan knows about the Riley thing and Nick doesn't. Kyle probably asked him not to tell anyone too.+

I wink at him to show I caught it.+

"At least we finally have something to tease his dumbass about" Nick snorts.+

"Which is?" I ask.+

"He always teases me about Winnie and Nathan about Kat so now we can tease him about you"+

Nathan laughs "Yes dude, you're right"+

"You guys know I'm your friend, right? You can't say rude things" I say unimpressed.3

"Relax, little Chels" Nick assures smirking.2

Stupid boys.+

The door opens before any of us can say anything else to reveal Kyle who is holding a box of pizza. I can't help but smile when I see him and food.2

Fooooood.19

"Oh yay, you guys are here" He says sarcastically.11

"Hi to you too" Nathan deadpans.11

Nick immediately jumps off the counter and hurries to him before taking the pizza "Let me help with that, friend"16

Friend my ass. He just wants the food.17

"Whatever" Kyle sighs giving in.+

Nick brings the pizza to the table before opening it as we all happily take a slice and start munching. Wowza, I didn't realize how hungry I truly was.4

We eat in a comfortable silence.+

"Nicholas! Stop putting your pineapples on my pizza!" I protest slapping his hand away.10

I was too busy stealing glances at Kyle to notice that he had been doing that. I was wondering why I had so many pineapples. Nathan laughs signaling that he noticed but didn't tell me.24

Idiot.+

"I don't want them!"+

I step on his foot and he yelps "It doesn't mean you should put them on mine with your filthy hands, idiot"+

He's so annoying.+

"Here" Kyle says handing him a tissue "Put them on this"+

Nick smirks taking it "Aww, you're helping your girl. That's so cute, dude"1

"Wimp" Nathan snorts.28

So this is what they meant by they can finally tease him about me. I remember Kyle and I used to do this to Nathan.+

"Kathrine, I think I'm sexually frustrated" I sigh shoving a spoon of mango yoghurt in my mouth.32

She snorts "What? Why?"1

We are currently in her dorm room. She asked me to come over because apparently she missed me. She's lying. 3

Anyways Kyle and I spent the rest of yesterday speaking and speaking and speaking. It was so nice, except the part where I was blushing the whole dang time. He then decided to go to the gym and I went to Winnie's because I didn't want to be alone. She was speaking about Liam half the time and said that she really liked him. They've been keeping contact since the resort. I still don't fully like him but she doesn't have to know that. She says things between her and Nick are still weird. They don't speak as much and it's kind of sad, but they do really need the space away from each other.4

Kyle didn't end up sleeping with me because I was too pussy to ask him to. We did spend most of the night on the couch cuddling though, I think we went to bed around 3 am.17

I frown "Kyle won't kiss me"+

"Why not?" She laughs looking at me curiously.+

"Remember how I used to think he was a jerk who didn't have feelings?" I start and she nods "Well he does. More than me"3

"How so?"+

I take another spoonful "Uhm, he said he doesn't want to kiss me yet because he wants to be only thinking about me when he does. He first wants to solve all of his family problems"8

"Awww" She coos love-struck, a huge grin on her face "Chels! He's so sweet to you. It's like you're speaking about someone else"1

"I know. But I wanna kiss him!" I frown.+

She laughs at me "Hush, horn dog, the guy has a point. You'll both regret it if you have your first kiss while thinking about other things"33

She's right.7

"I know" I admit "It's just a lot"+

"I can imagine. You've never been this gushy over a guy... this desperate too" She teases.2

I scoff "I'm not desperate"+

"Yeah you are" She argues grinning "Don't worry, it's cute. And I'm happy for you, lady"+

"Yeah yeah"+

Her eyes suddenly widen in excitement "We're dating best friends and we're best friends! That's so cool, right?"21

Oh wow.+

"Kyle and I aren't dating" I deadpan.17

"But you will" She says matter-of-factly "That's so cute, ahhh! We're all goals"+

I pat her shoulder "Calm down"1

She doesn't.+

"Chels! How cute would it be if Winnie and Nick started dating too? That would be so perfect. We'd all be boo'd up and friends at the same time" She continues excitedly.4

"Sorry, Kat, but Winnie likes Liam"+

Kat frowns "She sucks. You know, Nick is still troubled by it all. My poor baby"39

"Does Nathan know you call him your poor baby?" I snort, a brow raised.1

"We're friends" Kat says dryly.2

I hum just to annoy her "Sure"+

"Whatever, you're annoying me" She scoffs and I just smirk victoriously "Did I tell you?"3

"Tell me what?"+

She grins "Nathan said the 'l' word"107

"He did?" I ask also grinning.+

She nods sheepishly "Yes. It was at the new years party, after you and Kyle left"+

"How'd he say it?"1

"We were saying our resolutions then he just straight up said he wanted to stay together for the whole year and he loves me" She grins.4

I coo happily "Kat! What did you say?"+

"I said I love him too, duh" She informs "Yeah then we kissed, went back to his dorm and made sweet sweet love"55

My smile falters "You just had to ruin it. I did not need to know that"+

"Oh come on" She laughs loudly.+

"You're annoying"+

She laughs again "Anyways... do you think you and Kyle will do it?"1

I choke on my spit.+

"We haven't even kissed"+

"Yeah but like, do you think you'd give it to him?" She asks curiously.4

I stay quiet for a while thinking "I don't know Kathrine, I'll cross that bridge when I get there honestly"+

I mean I get... thoughts about it; doing it with him. But I don't know if I actually would.6

"I think you will" She smirks "No one can resist that guy. Word around campus is that he has a big dick and he's gooood"46

Oh god.+

"Shut up" I shriek.+

She just smirks again "Okay, girl"+

"He said he doesn't sleep with virgins anyways" I murmur.16

"You'll be the exception, duh" Kat says.14

I roll my eyes as I finish my yoghurt and put the empty carton on the desk.+

"Anyways, Nathan said you spoke to Noah"+

"Oh yeah, I did" She drags remembering "He wanted to have a word with you"+

"About what?" I ask.+

She hums "I don't know... he seemed on edge about something. It was super weird"5

"What'd he say to you?" I press.+

"He was asking me about you and Kyle. But I promise I didn't tell him anything"20

I roll my eyes "He's so weird"+

"I know" Kat agrees "I don't know if you want to hear this but he was all over that Lisa chick. It was gross"+

"Gosh" I sigh shaking my head.+

"Since when does he hang with people who have something against us? Betty, Mick, Kyle's brother. That's too much"10

"I know" I agree thoughtfully.+

What games is he playing?+

"It's just so weird" Kat says "I guess the onlytime I can have a proper conversation with him is during summer when we're both home and away from this place"+

I hum agreeing "I'm so not excited about classes starting though. We just have tomorrow then it's back to it"+

"I know" She groans.+

"We had a good break though, right?" I grin reminiscing.+

She laughs happily "Yeah dude. Our lives were so damn boring before we met those people. It was just you, Noah and I"+

"I know" I join in loudly.+

She shakes her head laughing too "It's a good thing we got kicked out, huh?"1

Another one ❤️. I've been embracing the idea of Kyle's POV's so expect a lot more of them in the future. Anyways. Enjoy, lovies.62

***+

Kyle's POV.14

"Dude, will you stop fucking cheating" Nathan hollers as he pauses the game and gives me a stern look.56

I laugh "What? You think I'm cheating just because I'm winning?"3

"I know you're cheating" He clarifies.+

Nathan and I are at my place and playing the latest Fifa on my PlayStation. I'm not really much of a gamer but he always forces me to play with him. He's been playing longer than me but I'm still better than him. He always thinks I'm cheating. It's the funniest shit.2

I laugh again "Dude, how can you play PSG against my Barcelona and expect to win?"33

"Fuck that, man" He scowls ending the game.+

Sore loser.+

"Don't hate the player, hate the game" I excuse jokingly, putting my hands up in surrender.1

He suddenly starts to laugh "Guess what?"2

"What?"+

He laughs again "You're not a player anymore. Chels has you whipped, dude"23

Wow.+

"I meant a sports player, dumbass, not that one" I deadpan dryly "And I'm not whipped okay? I just like the girl"24

"Whipped" He sing-songs snorting.1

"I hope you know that I could still kick you out right now" I threaten annoyed.+

Nathan just laughs "Stop being so defensive"+

"I'm not"+

"See?" He points out smirking "Defensive. Dude, we all know you like Chels so what's the problem?"+

"It's none of your business" I say.+

"You two kind of made it mine when you started telling me about your crushes on each other" He excuses slouching further on the beanbag.4

We took Chelsea-Anne's from her room.6

"When did she tell you?" I ask curiously.+

"Dude, you know it's not cool that I tell you things she tells me but I don't tell her things you do" He deadpans.13

I roll my eyes "Who cares, man?"+

He thinks about it for a while "Okay fine. Something about you guys swimming at night in the dam. She told me the day after"10

She's liked me since then? That was almost two months ago. I'm pretty sure I've liked her longer though. I still can't pinpoint exactly when, but I'm pretty sure that day my feelings for her escalated further and further. I stopped fighting them that day; I gave in.8

"Oh" I murmur.+

"So do you agree that it is my business? I was kind of like the middle man" He presses.1

I wave him off "Why would she even tell you?"+

I've always wondered. I mean she hated him just months ago and then suddenly they were so close. It was unsettling at first. I mean, I know nothing would ever happen between them but still.2

"Cause I'm trustworthy" He says arrogantly and matter-of-factly "And I'm easy to talk to"15

"Trustworthy my ass. Remember you ended up telling me that she liked me"9

"Yeah cause you forced me to" He defends "Before that I had known for more than a month and didn't say anything"2

Fair enough.+

"So you were the only one who knew?"+

He nods "Yeah. She only told the others on the trip"+

So she told Nathan before Kathrine. Weird.27

"I can't believe she's the 'uptight' girl you used to tell me about" I snort. +

Nathan would always tell me about his girl's best friend who didn't like him. I've now come to know that best friend was Chelsea-Anne. I wouldn't really listen when he would tell me about Kathrine back then, because I thought he was being a pussy. We both vowed to never date and he did it. +

It was worse after I actually met Kathrine. I just didn't like her and I still don't. There's something about her. I always try to hold my tongue when she's around and annoying me, for Chelsea-Anne's sake. Well and for everyone else. I'm kind of stuck with her. She's all my close friend's friend. Not to mention she's the girl I like's best friend.58

"Dude, she used to be so boring" Nathan laughs "She would say no to literally everything. She was so annoying"+

She really was. I also thought she was uptight and boring at first, especially when she told me she was still a virgin. Not to mention she was fucking annoying as hell. She was the most infuriated little thing I had ever met. She would never listen, so fucking stubborn; drove me absolutely crazy.12

"I think living with you did a thing or two to her" Nathan muses patting my shoulder.+

"That's actually what she said too" I say.+

"It definitely did." Nathan agrees "She had to grow a backbone living with your rude and hostile ass. Good for her"1

I just roll my eyes "Whatever. Can we stop speaking about her now?"+

"Is that what you really want?" He teases.+

"Dude, you hang too much around Nicholas" I say dryly.+

Nathan used to be nonchalant and hostile like me. Now he gets excited over little shit and jokes around, just like Nicholas. Sometimes it annoys the shit out of me, especially when they're together. It's like they go out of their way to drive me insane.3

It's nauseating.+

"I won't pass out any opportunity to tease you about a girl" He says amused "It's finally my turn. Remember you used to call me a pussy"+

"Whatever" I huff.+

"Say you take it back" He demands.+

"Dude that was freaking months ago, okay? Get over it" I defend.+

Nathan shakes his head "I'll let it slide because I'm happy for you, man. You finally have a heart and you found a good girl"+

This sappiness is making me uncomfortable.+

"Okay, shut up" I squirm.+

He barks a laugh "I really never though I'd live to see this day"+

Luckily before he can further make me more uncomfortable, the door swings open to reveal an exhausted looking Chelsea-Anne. My face beams immediately. She's been gone literally the whole day. I'm pretty sure she left around 9am and now it's almost 7pm. I guess she's enjoying her final days until classes resume.3

I can't believe how much I missed her.25

"Who said you guys can use my beanbags?" She demands as she collapses on the couch behind us.2

Does this guy have to be so damn gorgeous? I'm leaning on my elbow and looking at a sleeping Kyle and he literally looks so perfect. I woke up a few minutes ago and have just been admiring his face.1

I can't help but smile. He is sleeping on his back and facing the ceiling, giving me the perfect view. His dirty blonde hair is a mess on top of his head but he still manages to look so good. His eyes are closed, his long lashes captivating me. I wish mine were that perfect. His bushy but thin eyebrows are slightly furrowed... I laugh softly, he can't fully relax even when he's sleeping. 2

My poor baby. 29

His pink full lips are slightly parted and I can't help but feel like I want them against my own. So desperately. That stubble covering his chin is growing more visible and I kind of like it. It makes him look... sexy and manlier. His always warm hand is against his chest that's heaving up and down with his breathing. 12

He looks so perfect. So radiant. I think it's unfair to the rest of the male gender that he's this gorgeous. 5

I kiss his cheek softly as I gently get up from my bed to go freshen up. The last thing I want is for him to wake up to my morning breath. I wash my face and quickly brush my teeth before walking back to my room and crawling under the covers again. He's still sleeping.4

He is in a different position now, on his side and clutching my blue pillow. He looks so damn cute. I gently run my hand through his hair continuously; massaging him. I find myself kissing his forehead too, I just couldn't help it.20

I was trying my best not to wake him up but it doesn't work because he starts to move before his grey eyes flutter open and he rubs them vigorously. He moves his head so he's looking at me and offers me a weak smile.4

Swoon.+

"Morning" I greet enthusiastically.+

He lets out a loud yawn and stretches his arms causing me too coo at how cute that is.1

When I do it, I look like a monster dying.46

"You woke me up" He complains, his sexy groggy morning voice sending stabs to my heart. His tone is luckily playful.3

I smile sheepishly "My bad"+

"I wouldn't mind being woken up like that for life though" He winks boyishly causing me to blush. 34

He's always so nice and affectionate in the morning. Maybe sleeping with me puts him in a good mood. Thank goodness because it does the same for me.1

"Mm maybe" I tease after recovering.+

He suddenly attacks me into a bear hug so that I'm under him with his arms wrapped around me and I start to giggle uncontrollably "That damn 'maybe' drives me crazy"47

Why am I not surprised that he doesn't have morning breath? This guy is literally flawless. His face is right in front of my grinning and flustered one.13

"I'm sorry" I pout teasingly.+

He shakes his head smirking "What should I do with you, Chelsea-Anne?"8

Kiss me.2

I smile innocently.+

He tries to move away from me but I hold him tightly against me, still enjoying his warm body on mine. I wrap my legs around his waist and my arms around neck. His elbows are on either side of my face and he is on his knees holding himself up.7

There. +

"Can I move now?" He smiles, a brow raised.+

I shake my head against the pillow "Absolutely not, mister"+

"Okay" He murmurs moving closer to my neck before laying multiple pecks there causing me to squirm under him, my heart beating faster and my breath getting caught in my throat at the sensation.2

"Don't tease me" I complain.+

He looks back at me with a huge grin "All good things come to those who wait"1

"Are you sure you can't just kiss me?" I huff.+

I really don't care how desperate or needy I sound right now. I just want him so bad!+

He smirks looking very amused "You get extra impatient in the morning about this issue, don't you?"+

"You get extra teasy" I retort flustered.1

"I don't think that's a word" He breathes a laugh kissing my hot cheeks "I also want to but we have to wait, capisce?"24

"No" I pout, but my arms are holding him closer.+

"You're so cute, babe" He coos caressing my pouted lips with a look of adoration on his happy face.47

Babe.1

I stay silent for a while, just enjoying his warm hand all over me and the fascinated look on his face. I think I mirror the same look with his face on top of mine and his grey eyes looking so soft. I play with his hair on the back of his head combing it through my fingers. I don't understand how it's so soft. What conditioner does he use? Something then crosses my mind...3

"Kyle" I trail thoughtfully and he hums "Can I ask you something?"+

"Sure" He murmurs looking at my lips.2

I snap my fingers in his eyes demandingly so they can focus on mine again "Look at me"7

He laughs doing that "Sorry. Ask away"+

"Uhm" I start slowly, biting my lip because I'm nervous to actually ask him "How come you don't sleep with virgins?"65

He raises a brow before he barks a laugh "Why? Does someone want their virginity taken by me?"106

Maybe.1

"Kyle" I complain with a serious look.+

He sobers up "Okay, why do you want to know?"+

"I'm curious"+

"I don't know. It feels wrong. I believe that a girl's first time should be special and with someone who loves her. That person is just not me so I guess that's why"10

Interesting.+

I smile softly "That's thoughtful of you"+

"I guess" He replies weakly "Do you also believe the same?"5

"That a girl's first time should be with someone who loves her?" I ask to clarify and he nods "Yeah I guess I do. I mean why would you give up your virginity to someone who doesn't even love you?"15

"But your ex loved you, didn't he? Why didn't you give it to him?" He ask curiously, his brows furrowed.1

I shrug meekly "It didn't feel right"+

"Good" He smiles boyishly.1

I roll my eyes causing him to block my nose as I giggle at having annoyed him and slap his hand away "It's not like you're having it, mister"3

"Oh really?" He challenges smirking.+

I nod amused "Yes, I'm saving it for my future husband"34

I'm obviously kidding.3

"We'll see" He smirks moving his eyebrows up and down teasingly "No girl can resist me"3

I snort "Yeah right"2

"Hey, so I bumped into Delilah earlier" I announce to Winnie who is driving us back to the apartment.4

I figured I might as well tell her.6

She turns to me "You did?"+

"Yeah" I nod "She's really sad, and she really regrets what she did"2

Winnie shrugs meekly "I mean I'm not thrilled to hear that she's sad, but she was in the wrong and there's nothing I can do about it"2

"Definitely" I agree.+

"And I really appreciate that you guys chose to keep your distance after everything. It shows that I actually mean something and that you guys have my back" She glances and offers me a small smile "You can be her friend if you want to though"+

"No. I think that chapter is closed"8

She smiles again "I appreciate that"+

"So are you and Nicholas better now? Like are you guys working on the friendship thing again?" I ask.+

She frowns at the mention of his name "No actually. We barely speak, Chels, it's bad. I get that we need distance and all but I didn't know it meant that we shouldn't speak at all, you know?"+

"I'm sorry, lady. I guess it really affected him and all" I try to comfort.5

"Just feels like I lost a best friend"2

"I know the feeling" I murmur, thinking about Jake and Noah. Friendship is just really a tricky thing, huh?32

She smiles "But at least I have you guys"+

"Forever" I grin agreeing.+

"You know, Chels, I never thought I'd ever get along with another female like I do with you" She starts, her eyes shining "Like, I'm such a boy that I only used to get along with them. Like honestly, the thought of being real friends with a girl would make me cringe. I thought all they do is gossip about each other and whatnot. But you and Kat showed me otherwise. I'm really grateful for that"215

I have a huge grin on my face the whole time I'm listening to her speak "Winnie that's so sweet. We're grateful for you too. We never thought we'd allow another girl in our very tiny circle, but yeah you were the exception to the rule"9

"I would hug you if I wasn't driving"+

I laugh "We can hug when we get home"+

"How's your boyfriend?"+

I snort amused at her phrasing "Uhm his name is Kyle and you've known him longer than me, so I don't know why all of a sudden he belongs to me"+

"I don't know, I just like saying that" She offers amused "I never thought that boy would be anyone's boyfriend. It makes me happy"3

"You're very nice today" I note smiling.+

She scoffs "Chelsea, I'm always nice"+

"Debatable" I snort and she gives me a fake-offended look "Anyways, Kyle is good. We're good, everything is good"+

"I want it to stay like that"1

I nod "Me too"+

"His father and Zorro haven't bothered you guys again, have they?" She asks hesitantly.+

"Not since new years" I confirm.+

"Good"+

"Have they always been like that?" I ask.+

"From what my dad would tell me about Kyle's dad, he didn't sound that bad. Like my dad didn't agree with most of his decisions, but he never went into detail about anything. And the times I got to be around him which was actually pretty often, he was like any normal man. But I guess that was mostly before Riley went missing. After, he started to become a stranger and all, so I didn't know him that well at that point. Like I don't right now"+

"Wow" I breathe "And your mom and Kyle's?"+

She shrugs "They fell out a long time ago; even before Riley. I don't really know what happened. Like they were civil when everyone was around so it wasn't too bad, I guess"+

"Oh" I murmur thoughtfully.+

"My mom is mostly close with aunt Lydia, Nick's stepmom" She tells me "She's really amazing. I couldn't have picked a better second mom for Nick"+

"Yeah he says that too" I agree.+

"I wasn't even born when his mother passed away. Isn't that crazy?"+

"So crazy"7

"It used to be just him, Lena and their father. I just remember being at his house a lot, just because I felt like they needed the company. Kyle and I would always be there" She suddenly starts to laugh and I look at her curiously "By the way, I'm pretty sure Kyle had a crush on Lena"7

I laugh loudly "What?"+

"Yeah he did" She laughs too "He would never admit it, cause she was like years older than him but he deadass did"8

"I'm so asking him about this" I reply amused.+

"Please do and take a video of his reaction" She snorts.+

"Of course"+

She sighs happily "Our childhood wasn't too shabby, you know? It was always the three of us against the world. Granted they used to bully me a lot but still"2

I smile widely "That makes me so happy"+

I don't even notice we've reached the apartment until she parks and kills the engine after.1

"Thank you for the ride and stories"+

She offers me a tight hug and I hug her right back with a grin on my face "Anytime, sister. And if you ever need embarrassing stories about Kyle, I'm right here"+

"I'll take you up on that" I laugh.+

"Good. Bye" She then starts walking to her first floor room and I sigh before walking up the stairs to mine.8

I really love Winnie.3

Kyle isn't home yet but I'm not too surprised seeing as I always arrive before him. I just walk to my room before deciding that I'm in need of a nap.+

***+

"Don't wake her up"+

"Why not?"+

"Because she's sleeping. She's probably tired from school"+

Those are Kyle and Nicks voices but what are they doing in my room? And isn't Kyle so cute? He doesn't want Nicholas to wake me up.1

"But I miss her" Nick complains.9

I hear Kyle snort "Well she doesn't miss you"+

"You're such a rude fuck, you know?"27

This is so funny. I should eavesdrop on their conversations more often.4

"Sorry that the truth hurts"+

"Well you wouldn't even know her if it wasn't for me" Nick remarks, sounding arrogant "So you're welcome, dumbass"2

"Shit you're right" Kyle mumbles.5

"Yeah I know" He carries on, still arrogant.+

"Shut up" I murmur.+

"Yay she's up, see?" Nicholas basically cheers but I'm too lazy to open my eyes.1

"Why are you guys in my room?" I ask.+

Not edited so sorry for mistakes in advance.4

**+

You brought wine!" I exclaim excitedly.7

Avery was luckily very available to keep me company while the others are all at the race. We've been getting closer throughout the week and she fits in so perfectly with the group that she now chills with us. Everyone thought it was weird at first- especially Kyle- but I guess they don't mind much now. Nick is definitely taking advantage of their time together and I think it's so cute.53

I learned that she has an older brother who now works but was in college last year. She's been there since freshmen year but I'd just never seen her around. She lives around even though she stays in the dorms- she says she just wanted to be away from home for a while. She's majoring in Finance so she's probably pretty smart. Oh yeah, she dated Jared at one point but that didn't last. I thought it was so funny because how the hell did we not cross paths if we were dating roommates? But yeah, she's just a really nice girl overall. 96

The week was pretty okay. Just assignments, friend time and Kyle time- which is definitely my favorite. Everyday with him is better than the last.+

"Yes girl!" She smirks.+

I give her a warm hug before we both move to sit on the couch but not before I grab two glasses from the kitchen.+

"So how come everyone is at the race and not you?" She asks me taking a sip.4

"Kyle's being all protective" I mutter.1

She grins "That is so freaking cute. I thought Kyle was all rude and mean and all"+

"He is" I snort amused.+

"Not to you though"+

"Not anymore" I correct.+

"Right" She laughs "Hey, I've heard rumors about those races"1

"Like what?" I raise a knowing brow.3

"That they're illegal and like if the cops busted it, everyone present would be arrested or fined or something like that"45

I take a sip "Maybe"1

"Holy shit, it's true?" She gapes.1

"Yeah but it's really fun there. At first I was also creeped out but I think they cover their steps really well"+

"I'd like to go there"+

I smirk "You should ask Nick"+

"What's with the look?" She eyes me, rolling her eyes because she already knows where this is going.+

"What look?" I shrug innocently.+

"Chelsea"+

"Okay fine. So what's going on with you two?" I finally ask.+

"Nothing" She tries to hide a blush.+

I scowl "Stop lying"+

"Okay maybe I have a little crush on him but that's all it is. I mean we live in the same apartment and now we kind of have the same friends so obviously we spend a lot of time together. I guess it was inevitable"20

"So have you told him?" I ask.1

She fills up her now empty glass. Woah this girl drinks fast. Mine is almost finished but I still have a few sips left, but I'm definitely feeling the effect already.11

"No. Chels I just want us to stay friends for now. I mean it's only been like a week"+

"Well do you guys flirt?"+

She nods blushing "All the time. That's all we do. He's such a flirt and I can't help but flirt back. And he's so fucking hot"+

"I can imagine" I laugh amused.+

"Who does he like?" She hums.+

I finish the wine in my glass before refilling. The question she asked me is very awkward and I honestly don't think it's my place to tell her.12

"I don't know. You should ask him"2

"No. He'd think I care" She mutters.+

"Is that such a bad thing, Av?"2

"Yes"+

"Okay girl but you two are cute and all"+

"You know what, I think we should dance instead of talking about cute boys" She suggests excitedly.2

"Dance to what?" I snort.+

She grabs the remote before locating a dance channel and turns up the volume.+

"What if people are studying?"+

She dismisses me amused "No one studies on a Saturday and if they say they do, they're lying"3

"You're right" I laugh.+

We start dancing and drinking a whole lot more. I probably shouldn't be drinking this much but I need to destress. Not that I've been very stressed lately or anything; Kyle has done a good job of making sure that I haven't been. Maybe I'm stressed for him. I don't know what's going to happen tonight but I hope he'll be safe and win. 2

"Let's play truth or truth" Av suggests.49

Last time I played that game, things went south but it's just the two of us right now.+

I grin "Okay"+

"I'll go first" She starts off "Are you a virgin?"16

I blush "Yeah. You?"+

"You're a virgin?" Her eyes widen. She just looks surprised and not really judgements if anything.+

"Yeah yeah. I don't know why I always get that reaction. Do I look like I'm not?"+

"Well seeing as you're dating Kyle, I would think it's pretty hard to resist him that way but I guess you're not like other girls" She grins at me.21

"God, Av, he's just so hot" I blurt.+

She giggles "No offense but I know"1

"How did I get him?" I half-slur smiling longingly. That gorgeous boy is really all mine. He never fails to show me that and I couldn't be more grateful.2

"I don't know if you've seen yourself because why would you not" She squeals excitedly "Seriously, you guys are the hottest couple I've ever seen"+

I blush "Thank you"+

"So do you think about it" She smirks teasingly.+

"What?"+

"The nasty... with him?"4

I giggle, my cheeks burning "Maybe. I mean I'm not too sure but the idea of doing it with him doesn't sound so horrible"+

"Of course it doesn't" She winks.+

"So what about you... are you?"+

She shakes her head shyly "No. I had my first time in senior year with this boy I had been dating for a year"1

Oh so boys can wait.9

"How was it? I mean what does it feel like?" I can't help but ask curiously. Maybe it's the alcohol making me this curious cause I normally don't ask such questions.+

I expect my head to hurt really bad when I wake up but it doesn't. I think Kyle gave me some water and a pill before bed to help with. 8

Thank goodness.+

I rub the sleep from my eyes and stretch my arms, yawning loudly. I frown when I notice Kyle is not next to me. I don't really remember much from the moment we were in my bedroom but I remember he slept with me. I guess him waking up before me is not that unusual though. +

I can't help but blush when I think about last night. What the hell got into me? I basically gave him a freaking lap dance? What the actual hell? He was just honestly way too hot- that much I remember. Also the fact that I was pretty drunk.7

I get up and freshen up in the bathroom.+

I like the girl I see when I look in the mirror. Granted I look half-dead because of my sleep hair and face, but I just look... happy. No doubt because of Kyle and also our friends. I've just been very happy and content lately and I want to stay like that.+

I hear the front door open. I'm gonna guess Kyle came back from the gym then.+

"Chelsea-Anne?" I hear him.+

I grin at the sound of his voice "Here"+

I'm in the process of brushing my teeth when he knocks gently and enters the bathroom. He smiles when he sees me and how stupid I look with toothpaste foam in my mouth. I like that I don't mind and am this comfortable around him though. 3

"Morning" I muffle.+

"Morning"+

He looks freaking sexy in his gym clothes. He is wearing light, nylon Adidas pants and an even lighter blue tank top, showcasing his amazing and impressive biceps. +

"Sorry about last night" I apologize sheepishly after spitting out some foam.+

"You won't do it again?" He asks.+

I nod obediently "Yes"4

"I don't mind you getting drunk but not when the main reason I left you behind was to stay safe in the first place. That was very irresponsible of you" He scolds seriously "You need to be fully conscience if anything ever happens, Chelsea-Anne. For your sake and especially mine. You have to promise me"17

He's so freaking hot scolding me like that.57

I nod slowly; guilty "Yes, I promise. I'm really sorry and you're right; I acted irresponsibly and I feel horrible"+

I really do feel bad. He didn't even ask much of me and I still let him down. What if something had happened and I was too out of it to fight back? I fully understand why he's not happy about it and it makes me like him even more the fact that my safety means so much to him.3

"Okay"+

"Say you forgive me" I press pouting.1

He laughs "I forgive you, baby"18

I sigh relieved "Thank you. How was your race yesterday? I wish I watched you" +

"It was good. Nothing much happened. I came straight here when I was done" He assures, moving closer to me.+

I finish up on brushing my teeth.+

"What toothpaste is black?" He grimaces.+

I laugh "It's charcoal toothpaste and it's good for your teeth, gums and breath"35

"That's weird"+

"You're weird" I retort.+

He just raises a brow at me amused "How are you feeling?"+

"Good, thank you" I grin widely.+

"Nice teeth" He winks.1

I giggle "Mh, I told you so"3

"So last night, huh" He smirks teasingly.3

Right there and then I wish the ground would open up and swallow me as I feel my cheeks burn with blush. It doesn't take a genius to know what he's talking about.3

"I don't know what you're talking about" I rush out embarrassed, looking at him through the mirror.+

"So defensive, baby" He tuts.1

I shrug "Just standing my ground"3

"Oh you mean the ground you weren't on but instead my lap?"9

Oh my gosh.+

"Kyle. Shut up"+

"I thought it was sexy" He winks boyishly. 6

I blush "Hush"+

He moves much closer until he's right behind me, his front pressing onto my back and I gulp when I look at us through the mirror. His face is lowered between my neck and I didn't even notice that I had slightly tilted it. 4

He squeezes my waist before moving to my ear and whispering "I liked it. You should do it more often"27

Fuck my life.9

"O-okay" I breathe dazedly.11

He kisses my neck gently "Good"2

"You should, uh, go shower" I murmur, clearing my throat.5

He chuckles "Ouch babe"+

"You're distracting me" I complain.+

"But I love distracting you" He says continuing to lay kisses all over my neck, pulling me closer to him causing me to grip his arm.1

"Chambers"+

"We should go out" He tells me.3

"Where?" I'm already excited as I glance at him through the mirror.+

He shrugs, nuzzling his unshaved face into me and I giggle because it's ticklish "I don't know"9

"Can we go for ice cream?"+

He furrows his brows "It's winter"+

"But I want ice cream"13

"Fine" He sighs "Sundae's Palace?"1

My eyes widen excitedly "Yes please"+

The memories from the last time we were there aren't too good; the whole Noah thing and then coming home to Winnie finding out, but I can't wait to replace them. Now that I think about it though, that day actually wasn't so bad because we spoke more than we'd ever had. He told me a few things about him and I was actually having a good time.+

"Okay let me go take a shower. And eat something before we leave because ice cream is not exactly food" He basically orders.1

He's so bossy sometimes but I like it.+

I nod like a good little angel "Okay"41

"You're too cute" He muses watching me before kissing me on my cheek and walking away. He's too cute. +

"Don't finish the hot water, mister" I shout.1

"I shower with cold water" He shouts back.53

He showers with cold water? I wonder why he would do that? Little weirdo.147

**+

"Josie gave birth" I basically exclaim.1

"What really?"+

Kyle's POV.9

She's still not up and I'm losing my mind. 18

Dad and Zach will fucking pay for this, even if it's the last thing I do. I've never hated anyone as much as I hate them right now. They tapered with the brakes of my car and I know it. It was them! They will pay for hurting my Chelsea-Anne. Mine!94

Were they trying to hurt just me or the two of us? Do they realize that we could've died? That... that she could die? That car crash was no child's play. Fucking hell, I can't believe them. +

It's been two days now and Chelsea-Anne is still unconscious. Why wasn't I the one injured? Why her? I could've handled it. Not her. She's innocent. She didn't deserve to be dragged into this fucking mess.21

It's all my fault.+

It killed me to see her in the ambulance and then later the hospital bed. She is so badly injured- she looked fucking dead. God it broke me to pieces. She has scars, open wounds and bruises all over her exposed body and face. There is a bandage wrapped around her head because of all the bleeding, which is very bad thing. It killed me so bad. I even almost cried for the first time since I was in middle school. She doesn't deserve this at all. I do.46

I knew I should've stayed away from her. I bring nothing but trouble. Fuck.! Now she's in the hospital bed fighting for her life. All because of me! Because I was too selfish to see her with anyone else... because I lov- liked her that much. I want to regret it, God do I want to, but I can't. Not even if I tried. She's brought nothing but joy in my bleak life. She makes me a better person, she brightens up my day. She's everything to me. She can't die! I refuse!72

I fucking refuse!8

The doctor said she wasn't doing too well and it took all my willpower not to breakdown and cry like a little bitch. Fuck, this shit hurts like crazy. Please Jesus, I can't lose her. Not to my fucking brother and father. To anyone else but them. Please.38

"I think you should go back to the apartment and take a shower" Winona says softly, snapping me out of my thoughts.+

I shake my head "No"+

"Kyle, you've been here for two days. You haven't eaten, showered, nothing. Please, Chels wouldn't like this" She begs desperately.5

"What if she wakes up?" I snap "I have to be here"+

"I'll call you, I promise" She assures.+

I sigh defeated "Okay, who are you going to be left with? I don't want to leave you alone"1

"No worries. Nick, Nathan, Kat and her new friend... Avery are on their way"47

"Okay" I murmur getting up slowly.+

She hands me her keys "You can take my car. No need for a cab"+

I smile lightly.+

"I love you, okay?" She says softly with a concerned smile.+

"Love you too"12

I look around at the waiting room once more before making my way out. I quickly locate Winona's red car before entering and driving away. I haven't driven since the accident so I'm still kind of on edge. I manage to calm myself down though. As much as I know it wasn't my fault we crashed, I still feel like a fucking monster.+

The 'accident'. Everyone thinks it was just that but I know it wasn't. I couldn't bring myself to tell the others that my dad was behind it. How would they look at me? Would they blame me like I blame myself? I couldn't stomach the thought.+

It was so bad. One minute Chelsea-Anne and I were in the car with me driving and listening to her sing along to her stupid songs... then we were about to approach a red light and I pressed on my brakes and nothing was happening. I pressed harder and still nothing, if anything the car started going faster. Chelsea-Anne is screaming at me. Next thing I know I pass the red light and a car coming from my right approaches at a fast pace and hits mine from the passengers side sending Chelsea-Anne and I flying.42

I was out for a while and then when I wake up I'm in ambulance and Chelsea-Anne is laying next to me on the other bed. She looks horrible... blood is everywhere, scars everywhere too. I want to scream but I can't... nothing comes out.2

We reach the hospital and are taken to two different locations. I'm not too badly injured because the doctors dismiss me a few hours later after checking everything is okay.+

I start demanding to see Chelsea-Anne and they tell me that she's too unstable for visitors. I almost lose it right there and then. I start to shout angrily, telling them she's my girlfriend but they won't let me see her. I sit in the waiting room, determined not to go until I see my girl. 8

I think news gets out because a few hours later, almost at noon, the gang is here, somber looks on their faces. They keep asking what happened but I can't speak. They ask me how Chelsea-Anne is doing and I can't speak even more. The girls are crying their eyes out, Nicholas and Nathan look like they want to but they hold it in.23

Finally after what feels like forever, the doctor says we can see Chelsea-Anne. We all get up, with me looking and feeling like a zombie, and are directed to her room. 1

That sight... it broke me to pieces.+

She has all sorts of machines around her, bandages, drips, stitches ... everything. She is pale, all color drained from her body. She has an oxygen mask around her mouth and nose as her chest heaves up and down slowly, like she's really struggling.8

It look horrible.3

Kathrine and Winona sob louder, clutching each other tightly. Nathan has an arm around me. Nicholas is paralyzed. I finally find my voice and explain to them that we were in a car accident. That's all they need to know so I don't go into detail. After a while of them holding and touching Chelsea-Anne's unconscious body, they ask if I need a moment alone with her and I nod meekly.15

Soon it's just the two of us. I start to beg, clutching her cold hand tightly with mine, for her not to leave me. I beg so hard that I'm on the verge of tears but I don't let them fall. I collapse on her stomach feeling defeated and then doctor comes telling me that visiting times are over.51

I join the others in the waiting room. They all gives me sad and sympathetic looks. I announce that I'm staying until she's up, much to the dismay, and they beg me to go home get a good rest. I object immediately and they give up. Slowly they start leaving one-by-one and it's just me in the waiting room until they come again in the morning.4

I was allowed to visit her again and I kept on begging for her to wake up and not leave me. I told her how miserable I am without her... but it doesn't help. She won't get up!+

Please, Jesus.22

I finally get to my apartment safely, even though I was zoned out half of the time. I slowly and tiredly make my way up the stairs as I enter the door. Winona was right, I do need some rest and food.+

I'm expecting to see Chelsea-Anne's gorgeous face as she grins at me for finally returning... but it's not there. Shes not there. I groan loudly at the saddening thought, a lump growing in my throat. What if... what if I never see that face again? What if! What if I never see her smile again? What if I never have another stupid conversation with her? What if I never see her all flustered up because of my compliments! 41

Noo!37

I can't seem to control it as I grab my phone angrily and dial my brother's number. I don't know why I do it but I just want him to know what he did will have it's price.+

"What do you want, asshole?" He replies in a bored tone.2

"You'll pay for this" I grit angrily.+

The sound of his voice just makes me even more angry than I am. I want to rip his head off his body or something. Calm down, Kyle, you're not a fucking vampire.17

"Pay for what?" +

I groan agitated "Are you really going to play dumb? After you tried to kill me and my girlfriend?"+

"I did what?" His voice sounds very confused.+

What the fuck?+

"Stop it" I shout.+

"What the fuck are you talking about, Kyle? I didn't do anything... yet" He excuses.26

"Do you think I'm fucking stupid?"+

"Yes, but that's besides the point"44

Idiot.+

"You'll pay for this, Zach, I swear to God" I promise defiantly before hanging up the phone.70

Why is he acting like he doesn't know anything? It's fucking infuriating me. I know it was him. He said himself that he wanted me to know what it felt like to lose someone you cared about. It only makes sense that he'd try to kill Chelsea-Anne cause he thinks I killed RJ.48

I'm so angry!16

I even consider driving down to his apartment but I hold myself back. I don't need more drama than there already is.+

And my dad... I don't even want to speak to him or see him ever again. He is dead to me. For good this time. He probably played the biggest part in this whole thing. Call me nice or whatever, but I have a soft spot for Zach which is why I still speak to him. I know he does everything he does to please my father so I guess it's easier to not hate him as much as I should. God knows how many times he's tried to ruin my life.5

I sigh one more time as I walk to my room and collapse on my bed, face first. I've never ever felt like this in my entire life... not even when RJ went missing. I wasn't this... empty. I just need Chelsea-Anne to be okay. I lov- like her so fucking much.112

I still want to kiss her... feel her all over me in every way possible. I want to make love to her. God knows how much I want to. I want take her out on a date. I want to make her laugh, blush and smile like only she does. I want to. 29

So so much.6

***+

Don't hate me guys. hehehe :(114

Just started school again today 😩. missed my friends so i guess it wasn't that bad. anyways i'm telling you guys this so you can be a little more lenient with me updating. i'm sorry if i don't do it often but i will really really try to ❤️. don't rlly have time to edit either so sorry for the errors in advance.+

also #BLM. let's not forget. 🤎🖤74

***+

Kyle's POV.2

After my shower, food and a short nap, which in itself was a struggle to take, I decide to drive my way back to the hospital.2

Winona hasn't called, signaling that Chelsea-Anne isn't up yet. It's a good and a bad thing. Good, because I at least didn't miss the moment. Bad, because obviously she's still not up like I'd want her to be.+

I finally reach it, park the car and make my way inside.+

I get to the waiting room to be greeted by the same faces. Nicholas, Nathan and Winona all wave at me and offer me small smiles. I return it meekly.+

"So, uh, her parents are here" Winona says softly when I take my seat next to her.5

My eyes widen slightly "They are?"+

The thought that they might be here eventually completely slipped my mind. I mean their daughter is in a freaking hospital bed; of course they are. +

"Yeah, Kat is just keeping them occupied for now" Nicholas tells me "Dude, her mom looks strict as fuck. She was not happy to see boys here"48

Wait till she finds out that I'm with her daughter.+

And wait... her parents are here together? I remember her mentioning that they hadn't seen each other or spoken in years. I sure do wonder how that went down.+

A few seconds later, Kathrine walks into the waiting room with two people behind her.+

My eyes find the lady first. She has the same blonde hair as Chelsea-Anne and same height-ish but other than that, they don't look much alike at all. She's very beautiful though and that beauty has been passed on to her daughter. I won't lie, she doesn't look strict, I can just see it.+

The man... yep, Chelsea-Anne was right when she said she looks like him. Same blue eyes and- basically- face. Of course he's much older and he's a man but you can easily tell that his daughter took after him physically.2

"Mr Richards" I get up stiffly and make my way to the man as I shake his hand. He looks chilled.+

"You must be a friend of my daughter's" He says and I nod "Nice to meet you. We appreciate all the support"3

I give him a tight smile before making my way to the woman.+

"Chelsea-Anne's mom" I greet awkwardly.+

I can't call her 'Mrs Richards' because she's not married to her father. I don't know her maiden name so I couldn't think of anything else to say. I hope she won't hate me.6

"Hi" She croaks, eyes red and puffy.+

She must've been crying.+

"It's an honor to meet you, ma'am" I say politely.1

"How do you know my daughter?"27

Awkward.+

I cough "Uhm, she's a good friend of mine, ma'am"7

She doesn't look impressed but nods nonetheless.+

We are all stuck in an awkward silence before the doctor enters the room. Everyone gets up on instinct, anticipating the news.1

"She's up" The doctor says with a smile.36

I breathe a huge sigh of relief.+

"Can we go see her?" Her mom immediately begs, eyes wide with hope.+

The doctor nods "Of course. This way"+

The rest of us, who are her friend, aren't really sure what to do. We keep looking awkwardly at each other for answers. Is it only her parents that are allowed or everyone else?+

Mr Richards looks back at us when he sees that we aren't moving "You kids can come"5

Thank god.+

I can't help the smile that breaks out of my face as we follow them.+

"You good?" Kathrine asks from next to me.+

I'm surprised she does. I thought she'd be blaming me for the accident. God knows she doesn't like me at all.+

I nod "Yes. Are you?"+

"I am now" She says with a small smile.+

I offer her one back as we silently make our way down the hall and finally enter Chelsea-Anne's room.2

The first thing I notice is that there is another person inside, who I'm guessing is the nurse, who looks to be feeding her. She must be very weak. I guess being in a coma for almost two days does that to someone.6

I'm the last to fully enter and smile when I see her face.+

She looks much better than she did yesterday. There's some color to her body, and she's breathing quite easily now.+

"Mom? Dad?" She gapes surprised.6

Her mom runs to her daughter, tears streaming down her face "Baby. Are you okay? Oh god, thank you so much"+

Chelsea-Anne flinches slightly when her mom hugs her, signaling that she's still in pain. It's not hard to guess with all the bandages and stitches.+

My poor baby.37

"I'm okay" She assures hoarsely.+

Her dad hugs her next when her mom is done "I'm glad you're okay, princess"+

"What are you guys doing here? Together?" She asks surprised and still taken aback by everything.+

"What do you mean? You were in an accident, sweetheart" Her mom reminds worriedly.+

The nurse coughs awkwardly.1

"I was?" Chelsea-Anne mutters confused.114

She doesn't remember?+

The nurse looks at all of us "We haven't gotten around to telling her yet. It's perfectly okay for her to not remember everything. Please just keep the accident at a minimal"13

"What accident?" Chelsea-Anne demands.1

"Sweetie, we'll tell you later" The nurse assures "For now just focus on your friends and family and getting better, yes?"+

She nods obediently "Okay"+

The nurse then leaves.+

Her eyes find mine immediately before she smiles, her eyes bright and hopeful. She tries not to give too much away because her parents are still here, but I can see she would be doing anything to be touching me right now. I would too.58

"Hey guys" She greets, looking at us.1

Her parents are sitting on the two chairs on the other side next to her bed and just watching their daughter with concern but joy.+

"Chelsea-Anne Richards, you live with a boy?!" My mom hollers angrily, her stare sending shivers down my spine.58

After I went for my scan, my parents came back to my hospital room and listened as the nurse interpreted what my results meant. I had internal bleeding, that's why I was out for more than a day. That really scared me but I'm glad I'm okay. I didn't break much, just a small part of my rib cage which is easily fixable,  so there's some good news. 6

They said I just had to remain for two more days so they could finish their work on me and try to mend my scar and bruises. I asked if I'd be needing a wheelchair cause my legs really feel like jello, but they reassured that they would be just fine and I wouldn't need one.+

And now I've just told mom about the Kyle thing and she is not happy. At all.+

"Now now, Lacey" My dad intervenes calmly "I think you should give her time to explain"3

"Don't tell me how to speak to my daughter"19

Jeez.+

"Mom" I warn sternly, but still being respectful while I'm at it.+

"Don't 'mom' me. I know there's something going on between you and that boy! Is that why you moved in with him? A boy?! I thought I raised you better than that"37

I gulp scared "Mom, please let me speak"+

She breathes "Fine, explain yourself. No lies, Chelsea, or so help me god"+

Man, she makes me nervous.1

"Okay... Kathrine and I got kicked out of our dorm and then I needed a place to stay. I found one with Kyle. He was the only available option" I say slowly, watching her facial expressions go from disappointment to what I think is annoyance and anger.+

Oh god.+

"You got kicked out?" She shouts "What did you do that's so bad?"+

I can't throw Kat under the bus.13

"I missed curfew" I lie.+

"So you've been living with a boy for the past god knows how many months and you didn't tell me? You lie too now?" She scolds, her voice getting louder and my heart getting smaller.4

I hate being shouted at. I know I deserve it but still.3

"Lacey... she's still in the hospital. I think you need to take it easy on her" Dad defends.14

I give dad an appreciative look before looking at my mom "I'm sorry. I didn't know how to tell you, mom"+

"I can't believe you" She says disappointed.53

I frown, tears threatening to leave my eyes. Those words hurt more than the physical pain that I'm in right now.+

"Hush, princess" Dad coos softly, stroking my arm "We'll figure this out"4

"First thing we're doing is moving you out of that boys house" Mom says.64

I gape, eyes wide "No please"+

"No daughter of mine is going to live with a boy" She scolds "A boy that she clearly has feelings for. Who knows what the two of you do there together?"46

"No, mom, please" I beg desperately.+

"Lacey, I think we should trust our daughter more. She's never given us any reason not to. Come on, give her the benefit of the doubt. She's about to be a woman" Dad says sternly; not being soft like he was before.79

Thank you, daddy.14

Mom looks like she wants to tell him off but decides against it before looking at me "I'll go easy because you are in a hospital bed"6

I think she realizes he's right.+

"Okay" I murmur above a whisper.+

"Are you good though baby, still in pain?" She asks after a while of calming down and I try to hide my smile.70

She's so bipolar sometimes.18

"Only a little. I think they put something in my drip so it hurts less now" I say.+

"Good" Dad replies looking at me concerned.+

"So..." I drag curiously "How'd you guys find out about this whole ordeal?"+

"Kathrine told me, then I told your father"11

I gape, kind of surprised "You did?"+

I thought you hated him.+

"Yes, she did" Dad laughs softly at my expression "She knows that a child has two parents and not just one. I had to be here for you too, princess"2

I smile widely "Well, you two deserve parents of the year awards"20

"Okay sure" Mom also laughs looking at my dad. 2

I really never thought I'd ever see them together ever again. I don't know, they just act like they hate each other or something. Anyways I'm happy they're both here and not fighting. I honestly thought they would be, they look civil... and comfortable. Kind of.+

"Are you sure you don't remember what happened?" Mom presses, giving me a worried look as she plays with my hand.+

I can't tell her that Kyle was involved.+

I shake my head "Not yet"+

"Do you want the doctors to tell you yet? I also want to know" Mom says.2

"No, it's fine" I dismiss doing my best to act like everything is okay "I think I just want my memory to come back naturally"+

She nods understanding "Okay, baby"+

Thank goodness.+

I actually still don't fully remember exactly what happened. I remember Kyle and I coming back from 'Sundaes Palace' in his car. I started bopping to some music and singing obnoxiously causing him to sigh every time and me grin. Next thing I know his eyes are wide and he looks panicked. He refuses to tell me what's happening and I shout at him causing him to shout back at me. The robot... it's red but he's making no means to stop. I shout louder, demanding him to slow down and then everything goes black.25

That's all I remember. I don't know what happened... how it happened... how I got to the hospital. Nothing.+

Do I want to remember?+

I can't believe that Zorro and his father actually went this far. They wanted to kill me... us! What the hell? Who does that? Jefferson's own son, Zorro's own brother. They wanted to hurt him... kill him?! I'm so angry. What kind of psycho people are they? It's so fucked up. Imagine if they actually managed to hurt Kyle. I would've lost it. I would die if I saw him in a hospital bed. I can't help but be thankful that it was me and not him... as bad as that sounds. I just don't want to lose him. Ever.8

I decide to shut my thoughts.+

"I missed you guys" I say, a huge smile on my face as I look at my two beautiful parents. I can't believe they're actually in the same room.+

New year, new them, I guess.+

Dad smiles "Missed you too, princess"+

"I didn't" Mom snorts causing me to gape.24

I fake hurt as I pout at her "Mom! That's so mean"+

"I'm kidding. I always miss you" She laughs.2

Kyle's POV2

(a quick recap incase you guys forgot)1

I'm about to turn the corner leading to the waiting room when I bump into someone causing the can of coke that was in their hand to go rolling down. I quickly recover it and get up to hand it to the person.+

My eyes widen at the sight and I swear I stop breathing.+

"Kyle?"+

"RJ?"+

Oh god.+

***+

"Wha-what are you doing here?" She stutters, looking shocked to the core.+

This is really RJ. It's her, right in front of me. My sister that- until a month ago- I thought was dead. She's here. I'm looking at her. She's looking at me. Good lord.5

She hasn't changed much, she just has blonde hair now and obviously doesn't look as young as she did back then.+

"What are you doing here?" I ask.1

She's still gaping, scanning my face carefully "I, uh, I came here to visit a friend. Kind of"+

Chelsea-Anne.+

"Oh" I murmur.+

I don't know what to say. I'm so happy to see her but I'm also so very angry. Does she know what she put me through the last three years? Why didn't she just contact me and tell me she was okay? Why? I spent everyday of my life blaming myself... and for fucking what?!+

For nothing. Nothing. +

"You haven't told me what you're doing here?" She says after a while of silence.+

Here goes nothing.+

"I'm here for Chelsea-Anne" I say.+

Her eyes widen and so does her mouth as she starts to chock before recovering "Chelsea-Anne Richards? You know her?"3

"Yes"+

"What?! How?"+

"She's my girlfriend... or at least she's about to be" I drag, still kind of in awe that I'm actually speaking to my sister. I'm still angry though.5

RJ breathes a deep sigh, looking to digest and contemplate the words I've just said "Wait... so Chelsea knows you, and she knows me? Does she... uh, does she know about...?"+

"About what?" I bite agitated.+

I can see RJ's eyes soften at my tone "That I'm your sister? And that I, uh..."+

"You what?"+

I want her to say it.1

"Kyle, please" She croaks, giving me a desperate look "I don't think this is the time or place to have this discussion"+

"A discussion? That's what this is?" I laugh sarcastically; bitterly "I can't believe you"+

She looks hurt as her eyes start to water "You hate me, don't you? You have every right to. I swear I don't blame you at all"1

"Why didn't you tell me?" I half-shout angrily, throwing my hands in the air "All these years I thought you were fucking dead! I was always on your side and you didn't fucking tell me"+

"I'm sorry!" She cries, lips quivering.+

I can't bring myself to feel bad.+

"Guess what?" I say bitterly "Your brother and father are the ones who put her in the hospital"1

She gapes, the tears falling faster "What?"+

"Yes. I fucking owe dad because of you. This is his way of settling the debt because I refuse to work for him which is what he wants. Your brother wants me to know what it feels like to lose someone you care about, like how he 'lost' you. I almost lost her, Riley" I shout, my voice getting smaller at the end. 13

Just the thought alone of losing her...+

"They wanted to kill her?" She gapes in disbelief covering her opened mouth.+

"Both of us" I grate.+

"Oh my god" She sobs hysterically "Dad would kill his own son? See? This is why I had to leave, Kyle"16

"That's not the issue" I boom "The issue is that you didn't tell me. I thought you were dead because of me. Mom and I, we had to do things we didn't want to because we 'owed' him"1

"I'm sorry" She croaks shaking her head.+

"I can't believe you, RJ" I say lowly, running a hand through my hair "I just can't believe you. I never knew you could be this selfish"+

"Dad is crazy. I had to leave" She defends.4

"If you think he was crazy then, wait till you see what your disappearance did to him. Zach too. They're like the same person"+

"Zach" She breathes, eyes soft at the mention "What did he do to him?"+

"He's bitter and hates me because he thinks I killed you. He's been making my life hell for the past three years"+

She sniffs wiping her face "I'm so sorry"+

"Yeah, well, it's too late now" I sigh.+

She frowns, looking to swallow a lump and nods her head as if fully understanding my anger and distaste "You don't have to forgive me now but I hope you can one day. It would kill me if you didn't" She says softly.+

"We'll see, RJ" I breathe, my mind clouded with so many thoughts. +

There's so much I want to say... so much I want to ask.+

"Can I, uh, get a hug? I've missed you" She pleas after a while of just staring at me, her voice small and nervous.9

I've missed her too.+

I sigh before moving closer to my big sister and enveloping her into a tight hug. I'm taller, even though I'm five years younger than her, so I'm having to basically crouch a bit. She mirrors the same tightness around my waist, her face against my chest.7

"I'm so sorry" She muffles against me.+

I stroke her hair, my hard demeanor suddenly fading away. I'm so glad she's alive and safe and happy. God knows she deserves it.1

"I'm so sorry" She sobs again. I can feel my shirt getting wet with her tears but I don't really care. "You and mom didn't deserve what I put you through"3

"Shush, Riley" I coax rubbing her back.1

She moves away from my hold after a while as she wipes her wet face before offering me a weak smile. I missed that smile. I missed her slightly green eyes. I missed her so so much. My big sister, the person I could always rely on. +

Kyle's POV.3

"Where are you going?" RJ stops me in my tracks as I'm about to exit the hospital door.+

"Home" I reply.5

She sighs "Can I come with?"+

"Why?" I utter, not hiding my annoyance. I don't know why I feel like this. Everything is literally annoying me; that stupid Jacob guy... RJ... Chelsea-Anne... everyone!42

"We have to speak, Kyle" She coaxes.+

"But we did"+

"Not here. I know there's so much more that we both want to say but we obviously can't do it at a hospital" She pleas desperately.+

I sigh defeated "Fine"+

She offers me a triumphant smile and I just roll my eyes as I command for her to follow me to Winona's car. We get there and she enters on the passengers side.+

"Who are you leaving your family with?" I ask her, eyes on the road.+

"Monty said they'd be fine going back to the hotel without me. I think they still want to spend more time with Chels though"+

Including that Jacob guy that's in love with her. He better not try things cause I'll really lose it. I never knew how territorial and possessive I was until I saw him speak and look at her. Even a blind man can see how he feels for her. I almost punched him.36

"They're good people, Kyle" She suddenly says causing me to snap my eyes at her for a second in surprise and confusion.+

Did I say something?+

"What?"+

"They're good people. You didn't exactly try to hide your distaste in the hospital room" +

"I was surprised, Riley" I defend harshly "I didn't even know you were going to be there... let alone your new family"2

She sighs deflated, shaking her head "Okay"+

The rest of the ride is spent in a tense silence. We get to my apartment a few minutes later as I exit and she follows closely behind me. We enter my place and I just watch her.+

"Nice place" She hums looking around.+

"Thanks" I say curtly.1

I sure do wish that it was Chelsea-Anne entering with me instead of her. Not in a rude way though, I just miss her being with me.1

"Do you want anything?" I ask her.+

She shakes her head "Uh, no thanks"+

I shrug walking to the couch and she follows behind me before we both collapse on the same one.+

"So..." I trail looking at her.+

She looks nervous. She keeps avoiding my eyes and playing with her fingers. I'm nervous too, to be honest. I don't know what this conversation will lead to.+

"Can I ask you something" She says softly and I nod "Were you- are you happy to see me?"3

"Of course I am" I answer immediately.+

"You don't look like it" She accuses in a tiny voice, her eyes mirroring a lot of hurt "I don't know... I just thought-"+

"Thought what, Riley? I didn't exactly expect to see you just yet. I also don't know how to feel about this whole thing" I tell her tensely "You can't expect me to be all bubbly and smiley. Just months ago, I thought you were dead or something" I finish off sighing.+

"I know, I know" She admits "Just- a lot has happened and I don't know..."+

"Why!?" I bite, suddenly seeing red, as I clench my fists and jaw in anger and betrayal "Why didn't you tell me? So many years"9

"I was going to, Kyle, but then I fell pregnant. After that, my life became about protecting my son. I was scared that if I told you then dad would find out and hunt me down. I didn't want my son to be in danger" She explains, eyes wet with unshed tears.1

"Who says I was going to tell him?" I scream.5

"He was going to find out! You know him. He has his ways" She shouts back, the tears falling fast and hard "I couldn't risk it and I'm so sorry"+

"Oh so you could risk it for Chelsea-Anne? You don't even fucking know her, Riley!"3

She scoffs wiping her wet face "Are you kidding me? I didn't even know she knew you"+

"But you knew this is where I go to college"+

"I didn't think the world was that tiny that she knew you" She defends sniffing. I just stay quiet because I'm so fucking angry right now as I shake my head. "I didn't come here to fight with you. Please" She begs after a while of silence.+

"I just don't understand you" I tell her.+

She nods, as if seeing where I'm coming from "And that's fine" She assures "You'll understand one day when you have your own child and just want to protect them from any danger"9

"Including your own family?"+

"It's not like that" She cries "It's dad. He's the problem here. Not you. Not mom and not Zach. You know this, Kyle" She pleas.4

Maybe I do but I'm just so angry.1

"Okay"+

She breathes deeply, wiping her face again as she swallows a visible lump "So, uh, how long have you known Chels?" She finally asks.+

"Almost a week after my birthday" I reply.8

"So you've known all this time? And you didn't reach out or anything?" She accuses in a small tone, her voice breaking.7

How is she the victim here?11

"Obviously not, Riley" I bite harshly "She didn't even know about you back then"+

"Right" She murmurs, noticing her mistake "So when did you know?"+

"A few days after Christmas. We were at the Gill Resort. She asked to see a picture of you and kind of connected all the dots" I explain.1

She hums "I just can't believe how small this world is"+

Join the club.+

"Were you ever going to reach out, Riley?" I ask instead "If it wasn't for Chelsea-Anne, would I still think you're dead?"+

She frowns looking away "I don't know, Kyle"+

"Wow" I utter hurt, shaking my head "I don't know how you expect me to be okay with your answer. I really never knew you could ever be this selfish"31

"I'm sorry" She whispers.+

Wow.+

I look at her with what I imagine is disgust and disappointment on my face because of the way that she flinches and how her eyes start to water again.+

"So you were okay with the fact that your youngest brother and mother thought they had killed you. You were okay with this? Are okay with this? That we go through life feeling like absolute shit thinking we helped murder you? This does nothing to you, Riley? Did nothing to you?"1

"Kyle" She croaks desperately.6

"How could you be so fucking selfish? You carried on with a fucking new family while mom and I had to pay for helping you. Helping you, Riley. We helped you and that's the thanks you give us" I shout appalled and angry.1

happy Friday everyone. rlly rlly hope you enjoy this 🖤34

***+

I haven't seen Kyle in almost two days now and I seriously miss him. He just stopped coming to visit me and I don't know why. I know he was angry and agitated about the whole Riley, Jake and Forrest's thing, but why is he taking it out on me? I did nothing.24

Ugh!+

"Are you sure you'll be fine, princess?" Dad asks for what feels like the 100th time after putting his signature down on the release form.+

I nod "Yes, dad"+

The nurse laughs watching us "I think she'll be okay, Mr Richards" She says on my behalf.+

It's 16:30 now and I'm finally getting released from the hospital. I feel very much okay... physically so I'm grateful. I just have a few scars and bruises still but that's about it, no crutches or neck brace.27

The nurse said my recovery was fairly speedy because they expected to keep me here for a week more. I was going to lose my mind. I mean, I liked doing nothing the whole day and just laying on a bed, but it got boring after a while especially when Kyle stopped coming. 2

I went for a scan three times a day, had three meals too, my friends came to visit every day and that was kind of it. I only started walking by myself two days ago because my nurse would put me in a wheelchair whenever I was off my bed. It was uncomfortable at first but then I got used to it. I really am okay thought and I'm very happy about that.1

"All done?" Winnie walks into the room offering me a small smile.+

"Yes" I reply at seeing her.+

Dad gets my attention by placing a soft kiss on my temple "Okay well, you'll let me know when you get to your place, right?"2

"Yes, dad" I assure with a meek smile.+

He looks at me for a while longer to make sure I'm really okay before waving at all of us and exiting my hospital room. He wanted to go drop me off himself even though he has a Zoom meeting soon but I assured him that Winnie and I would be okay. 7

He's been coming to visit everyday and I've never been more grateful. Mom left and he's been doing a good job playing both their roles. +

"He's cute" Winnie snorts looking at me.+

I laugh softly "He honestly worries too much. Anyways thank you for coming to pick me up"4

"Anytime" She waves off.+

"Okay well let me leave you ladies" My nurse says giving me a smile and I give her one back "I hope you'll recover fully very soon, Chels" She says hugging me "You'll be able to find your way out, right?"8

"Of course" I reply and she waves before also exiting my room. +

Winnie grabs my duffel bag for me, even though I can hold it for myself, and we slowly make our way out and finally into her car. I'm kind of scared being in a car again but I swallow my fear and put on a brave face.+

"I am so glad to be out" I sigh fastening my seatbelt securely "I was definitely getting way too used to the hospital smell"5

She laughs "Same"+

"Winnie" I start softly, concerned "You still haven't heard from Kyle yet?"+

She shakes her head regretfully "Nothing"+

That's so weird. I know it probably has something to do with Riley because she also hasn't come to see me. Monty left a day after he came to visit me, but he told me that Riley was staying behind. I'm so confused.+

"Was he at the apartment?" +

Winnie shakes her head again "Nope. I went to go see him to inform him that you were getting out but there was no one there"+

"And yesterday?"+

"I know he was there but he wouldn't answer" She replies softly "I'm sorry"+

What's going on with him?+

I sigh looking out the window "It's fine"+

Maybe Riley has been staying with him and he doesn't want Winnie and them to know just yet... But what does that have to do with me? I already know everything. +

"So Nicholas and that Avery girl have been hanging out a lot" Winnie says, snapping me out of my dreamland.+

I nod "Yeah, they seemed to hit it off"+

"It's just weird" She murmurs, eyes on the road.+

I raise a brow even though she's not looking at me "Winnie, are you jealous? I thought you didn't like Nick" I tease.+

"I'm not" She defends quickly "I've just never seen him interested in a girl for more than three days"29

I laugh amused "Mhhm"6

"Stop!" She snaps her head at me unimpressed "I'm not jealous, Chelsea"+

"Okay" I laugh even more.+

She just sighs turning on the radio "You're annoying me, missy"+

"Just- why do you care?" I ask.+

"I don't" She defends exasperated, making a turn "I just noticed it and wanted to say something"2

This conversation is funny.+

I snicker "I think they're cute"+

"Cute? They're not even dating" She deadpans quickly.1

I really think Winnie is jealous.50

"How would you feel if they were?"+

She shrugs "I don't know. I'd be happy for Nick. It's about time he gets an actual girlfriend"4

"Okay" I drawl amused.+

Winnie just shoots me a dry look before concentrating on the road again.+

My thoughts drift back to Kyle when I see a turn ahead of us which is the one he took when we went to that cliff place. +

What if...+

"Can you turn there" I find myself saying as I point to the direction. 2

I just have a slight feeling that Kyle might be there. He told me he liked to go there when he is high or wants to think alone in peace, and I have no doubt that with everything going on in his life he definitely needs one of them right now, if not both.+

"What? Why?" Winnie asks confused as she slows down the car.+

"Just, please" I plea.+

Winnie sighs but continues to drive and makes the turn. We drive a while longer with her complaining that the place was creepy and me assuring her that nothing would happen. Finally, I spot a familiar car and breathe relieved.+

"Kyle. Wake up" I shake him but to no avail. The guy sleeps like a dang baby.69

I sigh as I retract my phone from under the pillow and look at the time. 02:54. Why the hell can't I sleep? It's the middle of the night, for crying out loud. I've been tossing and turning the whole time and I can't take it anymore. I need someone to keep me company or I'll lose my mind.5

I shake the big baby again "Kyle!"1

He starts to squirm and I smile victoriously as his eyes slowly flutter open in confusion.+

"What? Did something happen?" His voice is hoarse and I have to hold myself from literally drooling over how sexy he sounds.+

I shake my head "No"+

"Then why the fuck did you wake me up?" He demands annoyed causing me laugh.16

I pout "I can't sleep" +

He rubs his eyes vigorously, trying to wake himself up before narrowing them at me "Why did you wake me up?" He asks again.9

"I can't sleep" I whine loudly.+

"It's the middle of the night, Chelsea-Anne" He informs dryly shaking his head against the pillow "What do you want me to do?"3

I shrug leaning on his chest "Speak to me"+

"You will be the death of me" He sighs looking down at me as he pinches the bridge of his nose muttering incoherent words under his breath.12

I should feel bad for waking the poor guy up, but this whole thing is just honestly way too hilarious for me. He's cute.+

"Lighten up" I tease giggling.+

"Baby, please sleep" He pleas desperately; coaxing me and I shake my head "I'm so tired. Why are you doing this?"+

"I miss you" I pout childishly.+

"I miss you too but it doesn't mean you must wake me up in the middle of the night" He complains and I almost feel bad but not quite.6

"I'm sorry"+

He just breathes a laugh "Are you? Are you really?"+

"No" I snort causing us both to laugh.7

He brushes hair from my face as he looks to admire me, a small smile playing on his pink lips "You're lucky you're beautiful"3

"No, you're lucky" I wink smirking.+

"Good lord" He sighs amused "This is not what I signed up for"3

"Why have you been avoiding everyone?" I ask suddenly, curious and concerned as I look up at him from under my lashes.2

He furrows his eyebrows "What?"+

"Winnie says you've been avoiding them"+

He sighs "I wasn't avoiding them; I just wanted to be alone. I knew they'd be speaking about you half the time and I didn't think I'd be able to stomach it"+

"Oh" I drawl "So you haven't told them about Riley?"+

"Nope"+

I frown "Why not? They're bound to find out, you know?"+

"I know. I'll tell them" He assures.+

"Okay" I offer meekly "Hey, guess what?"+

He raises a brow "What?"1

I giggle before I can even start saying anything "So Winnie was totally jealous today"7

"Like how?" He snorts.+

"She started getting all jealous about Nick and Avery. She kept insisting that she wasn't jealous but she clearly was" I laugh.6

"Babe, really" He deadpans shaking his head unimpressed "Are we really fan-girling over our friends? I thought we were the normal ones here"2

I pout "Come on, it's funny"+

"That's their thing" He argues.+

I laugh "Remember how we thought they were all being ridiculous when they kept accusing us of liking each other. That was funny"+

"Good times" He snorts looking to reminisce.+

"Why did we hate each other?" I enquire curiously, my voice an octave higher.+

Kyle shrugs "You were annoying as hell"+

"What? You were rude!" I reply defensively, hitting his hard chest and he yelps causing me laugh at him. "Stop being a pussy"1

"Your hand hurts" He complains.+

I giggle "Do you want me to kiss it better?"15

He nods playing along and I grin happily as I reach for his shirt under the blankets and lift it up, causing him to suck in a deep breath as he watches me with wide eyes.23

I wanna eat him!!!132

I internally swoon when I'm greeted by his prominent abs and absentmindedly run my hand along them, feeling the ridges and dips. I look up at Kyle to find him with his eyes closed and I smile before placing a chaste kiss on his bare chest.+

"Is that better?" I whisper.+

He shakes his head "Again"11

I giggle but I don't complain. I honestly wouldn't mind kissing these abs for as long as I live.1

I kiss them again, at a different place this time, with my lips slightly open and my tongue darting out so I can taste his smooth skin while I'm at it. It tastes good, just like his lips.37

I look up at him to see him breathing through his mouth, while watching me with what I think is lust and I smile innocently.2

"Come here" He murmurs hoarsely.25

Good lord.3

I don't protest as I start to crawl my way up to his face. He adjusts me so I'm straddling him, my legs on either side of his waist and I gulp in exhilaration and excitement. I bite my bottom lip nervously, watching him watch me and it's like an animal attacking his prey as he groans loudly, his eyes dark, and pushes my head down so I'm kissing him.24

I moan against his lips when his tongue immediately makes contact with mine and he explores my mouth with it, making me feel things... bad things. Things I've never felt quite like this before. I find my hands under his still-lifted shirt as I roam his hard abs, my fingers lingering on them happily. His go under my sweatshirt too so that they're squeezing my bare waist and I shiver at how good they feel against my skin.26

Electric.3

The kiss is heated and hungry, as our teeth clatter and lip-biting is more frequent. I can't even control my moans of pleasure at this point. This guy is too good at this. My hands move to his blonde, soft locks and I grab them between my fingers, slowly moving my body against his.18

He immediately squeezes my waist hard so I can stop "Don't do that, baby" He groans hoarsely on my mouth, sounding tortured.33

"Okay" I murmur placing my lips on his again, quickly; impatiently. Our lips move in synch for what feels like forever until he suddenly flips us around so that he's on top of me and my legs are circles around his waist. This new position is even better because he is all over me.16

Kyle's POV.5

I seriously need to get a new car.+

I've been driving around in Nathan's all day and I kind of need my own. I really appreciate him for letting me lend it and I feel bad for avoiding him lately. I just really needed a breather from everyone and everything. The past few days have been a lot for me.4

After the 'meeting' with my siblings, I just want to get to the apartment and see Chelsea-Anne. I feel like an absolute wimp for missing her so much. It's only been a few hours.2

Yesterday really happened...+

We actually kissed, and it was the best kiss of my life. I am a wimp. I don't really care enough though. For her, I'd be anything.60

I couldn't stop thinking about her the whole day. The way her soft lips felt against mine. I've never felt anything like that. There were literally sparks. What the fuck? Is that normal? Is that what kissing is supposed to feel like? I've kissed way too many girls, but never in my life had I felt that.13

I've been missing out.6

It was way too good to be real, but it was. How responsive she was... the way she moaned so sexily. Fuck, it did a lot to me. It was worse when we were on the bed and I was on top of her. I could feel my dick getting so fucking hard but luckily she didn't say anything. She was probably too shy to- cause I know she felt it- knowing her. 37

I really need to control myself. I don't want to scare her away because I know she's still a virgin. But damn, the way she responds to me makes it very hard to. The way she moans, grinded against me, tugged at my hair, ran her nails down my back... No girl has ever made me that hard without even being naked.26

"Dude, are you even listening?" I see Zach snap a finger in my face with an annoyed look.22

I shake my head dazedly "Sorry, what?"+

We are at his place. He has an apartment around here which I've never actually seen before. It's our 'hideout' if you will, cause he said dad also doesn't know about it. We've been meeting here for the past two days and just discussing things, I guess. It's always weird to actually be in the same room as them and speak to them. I just really never thought it would happen again.+

He sighs "Your old man finally spoke to me about what happened with you and your girl"+

This immediately gets my attention as I sit up on the worn out brown couch "Well what did he say?" I ask.+

"I was right; he was working with Bones. He was asking if I'd heard from you and I said no. He was pissed that you two were out so soon. Said he saw you around"1

"That fucker" I curse angrily.9

Zach tuts "You need to act fast cause he's pissed. I think he wants to finish the job"+

"What? Kill me?" I snarl.+

"I don't know, man, he'll probably send a contract soon again and if you don't sign this time, after his threat, he'll probably lose it" Zach tells me matter-of-factly.+

I immediately trust his word cause he knows our father better than I do.+

"Fuck that. I'm not signing that shit and I'll never work for him. He tried to kill me. How did he think that would help" I vent angrily.+

"Figure it out" Is the only thing he says. +

"Okay, my bubba" RJ appears from the bedroom, cooing in a baby voice into the phone with a grin "I wuv you. Bye" She waves.14

She's Face-timing her son.5

Zach and I just watch her. She has the screen away from us so we can't really see what's happening on the other side- not that I want to. I still don't know how I feel about her new family. Plus I already know what her son looks like. I remember Chelsea-Anne showed me a picture. I hate to admit it, but I can't wait to actually meet him. I mean he's my first nephew so I guess that's a big deal.8

"Are you guys good there?" She asks in a normal voice and I'm guessing her husband has taken over the phone.+

"Yes. Are you?" I hear a deep voice.+

She nods "Yep. All good"+

"Do you know when you'll be back?" The voice asks, sounding timid.+

I don't know why she didn't carry on with her conversation in the bedroom like she was doing, because I'm not sure I even want to be hearing any of this.2

RJ bites her lip unsurely "I don't know, baby, maybe soon"+

"Okay"+

"I love you" She says "Yeah, and don't forget to take Theo for a checkup tomorrow. Please, it's very important, Monty"2

"I know, I know" He dismisses "Okay, I love you too and I'll see you, okay?"+

She waves at him before hanging up the phone and walking to us.+

That was weird.+

"Uhm, sorry about that" She apologizes sheepishly "I thought the conversation was over after I waved at Theo but Monty wanted to speak"+

I still can't believe she has an entire family.+

"So, when are you planning on announcing your resurrection to mom?" Zach asks instead, causing me to breathe a laugh.14

He's so blunt. I guess it runs in the family.3

RJ rolls her eyes "Ha-ha, very funny" She says dryly before playing with her fingers "I don't know, when is the right time? How do you guys think she'll react?" 1

"She's in town right now" Zach says.+

"Anytime" I press, finishing.+

Riley sighs, pushing her hair back "I don't know, I'm just so nervous"+

As you should.22

Seeing as the important stuff has already been discuss, I get up "Well, I have to go. I'll see you guys when I see you" I announce.+

"Whatever" Zach mutters.6

"Uhm, say hi to Chels for me please" Riley requests "And make sure she's okay and recovers quickly"+

"Okay" I say.+

By the time I'm out of the door, they've already engaged in a conversation, probably finishing off the one that was at hand. I'm kind of happy for them. I know how close they were and how much Zach loves Riley, and vice-versa. I think the reunion is more important for them than it is for me.4

In a good way.+

***+

"Oh great, you're all here" I grumble as I enter the door of my apartment.2

I immediately notice that everyone is here, excluding Winona, and they're all sitting in the living room and laughing. I mean I miss them, but I just wanted to be alone with my girl. I was planning on seeing them at school on Monday or something.40

My eyes zero in on Chelsea-Anne on instinct to find her grinning happily at me as I wink at her. She is dressed in a cozy matching hoodie and sweatpants, and her hair is up in a bun making her look cute as hell. I wanted to sit next to her, but Nicholas and that new weird girl, that everyone is suddenly friends with, have already occupied the seat.34

Great.3

"Look who it is" Nathan tseks when I reach them "Having fun using me for my car?"1

I breathe a laugh "Hey, man"+

"Dude, why have you been avoiding us?" He jumps straight to the point.+

"Yeah, I wanna know too" Nicholas chirps.1

Jacob Forrest: Hey, Chels. Uh, I'm leaving today and I just wanted to meet up for lunch with you. I hope you don't mind.47

I get that message while watching TV. I bite my lip awkwardly cause I really don't think Kyle will like that. He doesn't exactly try to hide his distaste and possessiveness. +

After a while of contemplating, I finally decide that Jake is my best friend and I really do owe him an appreciation and a one-on-one for coming all the way to see if I was okay...6

Me: no problem. we can meet at 'Diner Lounge' in an hour.8

Jacob Forrest: I'll see you there, ugly.3

He answers almost immediately and I find myself grinning at the nickname.4

Kyle is in his room taking a shower after hitting the gym. The rest of yesterday was just spent watching movies, speaking and a lot of making out. Like, a lot. I can't help but blush when I think about it. I've never been that... adventurous with a guy before. I'd always keep the sexual contact at a minimal, but with Kyle I can't seem to control myself. I just want his amazing lips on me all the damn time! 5

Not my fault he can kiss so well.+

And gosh, I kept feeling something hard. I obviously know what it was and I'm a bit freaked out cause I wasn't scared, I was... curious and lust-y.15

Is that bad?9

Wait... does this mean I'm finally ready? Like, to do it? Am I?! Should I be worried? I mean normally the thought of doing it would scare the living hell out of me, but with Kyle it doesn't. It actually sounds... appealing and exciting...!8

Chelsea, you're doomed.+

Should I tell him? 5

No, not yet. I'll tell him when I'm sure cause I don't think I 100% am. I'll just wait till then... gosh, I'm scared though. I think I'm addicted to the guy or something.5

After not hearing the shower water anymore for a while, I decide to walk to his room.+

I knock lightly, just in case he's naked. You wouldn't mind though, would you Chels? Shut up brain and hormones!+

"Come in, Chelsea-Anne" He replies.+

I open the door and enter. My lips almost water at the sight cause he's shirtless, but with sweatpants on and they're hanging dangerously low. His hair is also wet, some sticking onto his forehead. 35

WHY IS THAT SEXY?! 1

I think he's made it his personal mission to torture me.+

My eyes rake his prominent abs and I'm pretty sure I want to lick them and be under them or something. They trail to the 'V' disappearing into his sweatpants and I feel my heartbeat quicken. 2

Snap out of it!+

"Done eye-fucking me?" He smirks.60

I shake my head quickly before looking into his amused eyes. I clear my throat "Uh, what are you talking about?" +

He laughs at me "I'd be scared at the way you're looking at me if I was a piece of meat"1

Busted. I do indeed want to eat him.30

I just roll my eyes, acting unaffected, as I walk closer and sit on his very comfortable and big bed "You're seeing things, Chambers" I replymeekly, watching him.+

He's so gorgeous.+

"Okay" He snorts amused.1

He grabs a lotion bottle and squeezes some onto his hand before continuing to rub it on his neck then chest. He looks like an ad for Playboy, playing in slow-motion in black and white.11

Lord.+

He laughs loudly "You gotta stop looking at me like that, sweetheart"1

Well, you gotta stop being fucking sexy.+

"Can you put on a damn shirt already" I mutter instead, my face feeling hot and lips feeling dry and deprived.+

"I doubt that's what you really want"+

I roll my eyes with a serious look "Kyle..."1

He just laughs winking at me but proceeds to grab a black shirt that was on the bed and puts it on.2

"Happy?" He teases.+

I nod "Very"+

He joins me on the bed "You ready for classes tomorrow? I don't think you should go if you're not" He says concerned.1

"No, I am" I say assuringly.+

"Sure?"+

I nod confidently "Yep, I've already missed enough work"+

"Okay" He takes my hand and kissed it.+

"So, uh" I start nervously and he raises a curious brow "I have to... go. Now"+

He furrows his eyebrows "Go?"+

"Yes. Jake asked to meet up. He's leaving tomorrow and wanted to have lunch"9

"Jake?"+

"Jacob. Forrest"+

I watch his expression go from confused to agitated to angry and then annoyed, as his jaw tightens and his eyes close briefly.1

"Why?" He utters tensely, dropping my hand.1

I whimper.+

"He's leaving and he wants to speak" I reply softly, still kind of hurt that he's this annoyed at me.4

He runs a hand through his hair "So?"+

"What do you mean 'so'? He wants to meet. He came all this way just to make sure that I was okay, Kyle" I start to get defensive.3

I can't help it. When I feel attacked, I have to attack back. It's just how I am.5

"Well does he know that you're with me?"+

I scoff "Yeah. You didn't exactly try to hide it from him"+

"Why the hell are you saying it like that? Did you not want him to know?" He bites annoyed, his face tense.1

"I was gonna tell him myself"+

"Okay well I did it for you. You're welcome" +

I just sigh loudly, pinching the bridge of my nose "Okay... I'm going"+

"Going?" He raises his voice.3

"Yes. To go meet up with him. I wasn't asking for your permission... I was just informing you"109

He starts to laugh, but it's not a happy one; far from it "Oh, so you wouldn't mind if I just up and went to go meet up with a girl who's in love with me?" He asks sarcastically, voice cold.75

Are you kidding?+

"Jake is my best friend" I hiss defensively.+

"Yeah, who's in love with you" He argues.1

"So what, Kyle? I'm not in love with him now, am I?" I reply flustered, hands waving around everywhere.+

"I saw how he looked at you. I don't like it"1

I groan annoyed "Kyle, I'm not going to do anything with the freaking guy. We're just having lunch and speaking"+

"Do it over the phone" He shouts.6

"Why are you sitting all alone?" She asks looking at me.+

She's always dressed so formal. She is wearing a long navy dress, white heels, a diamond necklace and matching earrings, and her brown hair is in a neat ponytail. She has light make up too which makes her look so much younger, or maybe she's just that naturally beautiful. I sure do wonder what she does for a living though.2

I clear my throat remembering that she asked me something "Uh, I'm waiting for a friend to come pick me up"+

"Do you want me to give you a lift?" She asks.22

What?+

My eyes widen momentarily "Uhm, were you going that side?" +

"I don't mind, darling" She smiles sweetly.+

Seriously... how is she married to Jefferson Chambers? Speaking of... I wonder if she knows that he tried to kill their son. What if she does? Although, I really doubt it. It's not hard to see that she really loves her son and probably wouldn't accept such from her husband. But... what if she really does?+

Stop it, Chelsea.+

My phone beeps before I can reply and I quickly check it to see a text from Winnie saying that she's sorry but she's busy at the moment.16

Great.+

I smile meekly looking up "Uhm yeah. That ride would be nice"4

"Good" She smiles back, enthusiastically, signaling for me to follow her out and I do that nervously.8

Seriously... what am I supposed to speak about with her? +

My eyes widen when I see the car she's about to enter. It's a big, silver Porsche and it looks damn beautiful and expensive. Woah.3

"You can get in, darling" She chuckles after seeing my dumb-struck expression.5

I clear my throat embarrassed at getting caught  before doing just that. She must think I'm some poor girl who's not used to flashy cars like that. She first puts in the food at the back seat before climbing into the driver's seat and continuing to drive away.1

Damn, this car is amazing. I look around at the very light brown interior and can't help but mirror fascination and awe. It smells good too... like a woman. 4

"So, Chelsea" She starts, getting my attention "How's my son?"+

Your husband tried to kill him.15

I shake my head at my insensitive thoughts before saying "Uh, he's fine. Good"+

"You two still live together?"1

"Yes, ma'am" I reply looking at her wine-red nicely manicured nails on the steering wheel. I wonder how old she is.1

She smiles glancing at me "Is he the one who gave you those marks on your neck?"115

Oh my gosh. In that moment, I wish the ground would open up and swallow me.4

I turn red immediately, choking on non-existing saliva "Uh..." I can't seem to find words to reply.+

"I know he is" She laughed amused "No worries, sweetheart, I knew something would happen between the two of you"+

"You did?" I ask confused.+

She nods "Yeah, he was more protective than usual over you and I could tell that he had a soft spot for you"7

Interesting.+

"Oh" Is the only thing I can say.+

"Sweetie" She starts after a while of comfortable silence, her voice soft "Can I ask what a girl like you is doing with him?"30

"What?" I utter shocked.+

She clears her throat, glancing at me slightly... almost sorry to bring the topic up "Just- you know about his father and brother. And I know they've done things to you, which I'm obviously not proud of. So... why?"+

I almost feel attacked.+

"Kyle is not them" I defend.+

"I know, but it affects you. He's dangerous, sweetheart. I just don't want you to end up like me" 6

What?+

"I like Kyle, Mrs Chambers. He's not like your husband and he never will be" I say, my tone harsher that I intended.4

"I know" She mutters.+

I just stay quiet, still contemplating what she said to me. Was she telling me to stay away from him? Why would she say that? Doesn't she want to see her son happy? Gosh his parents are just... a lot.7

"Take care of him for me" She says suddenly, her voice almost... desperate "God knows I've tried and failed miserably"+

"Okay..."+

"There's just a lot of history and mystery in this family. I don't want you getting caught up in all of it cause I can see you're a good child" She says, sounding like she's justifying her earlier words and I can't help but understand slightly.1

"Kyle told me everything" I reply.+

She looks a bit shocked "He did?"+

"Yes"+

Before anything else can be said, I notice the car entering Cottage Hill. I guess I've been too distracted with the conversation and my thoughts to focus on the road. She parks at one of the empty spots and just as fate would have it, I see Kyle walking down the stairs to the parking lot.1

How fun.+

Mrs Chambers notices too as she says "I don't think he'll appreciate me showing up here unannounced even though I didn't really come for him"+

I'm too busy watching Kyle to reply. He immediately notices the car (it's not very hard to) his eyes widening before walking to it.+

What should I do?4

I don't get to think long enough, because soon his mom is rolling down the driver's window and his handsome face is there, staring shocked at me.+

"Chelsea-Anne?"+

I look to him "Hi" I offer meekly.+

After being in my room for almost three hours, trying to catch up on all the work that I missed, I finally decide that I seriously need some food. I get up from my bed, put on my slippers before making my way to the kitchen.8

I settle on a grilled cheese sandwich and a glass of orange juice as I sit down on the chair and munch happily.2

When all my classes were over, I just spent time with the rest of the gang while waiting for Winnie to be out since she's the only who could drive me. Luckily no one asked me about Kyle because I'm pretty sure that was going to ruin my whole mood. We were chilling on our usual grass spot and just speaking about nothing in particular which I've come to really enjoy.3

Even though I saw them only a few days ago, I still missed them. Avery and Nick are really attached by the hip. I don't want to stick my nose in their business but I'm really curious. Are they just friends or more? Kat and Nathan were lovey-dovey as usual and it was just nice, I guess.1

Nathan's birthday is in a month and we were asking him what he wants to do, to which he just replied "Nothing". The guy is turning freaking 21 so we're not having it. After he was gone, we all concluded that a surprise birthday party is what he needs. Hopefully Kat won't tell him, because I know she has a hard time keeping this to herself. I can just imagine how fun it's going to be though.1

I love distracting myself with thoughts.6

I don't get to do that long enough because the door opens and in walks Kyle. He looks at me and I look at him but we don't say anything.3

How awkward.+

He runs a hand through his hair, drops his bag, before walking further into the house and in the kitchen. He grabs some bread, jelly and peanut butter before making himself a sandwich. I'm just watching him because I'm done with my food and have nothing else to do.7

You could speak to him...+

Hell no, conscience, he's the one avoiding me.23

He walks and takes a seat on the chair next to me, still no word and it's driving me crazy.1

I can't help but admire how his jaw clenches so sexily as he chews on the sandwich, and how he keeps on licking his lips to get the stickiness of the jelly off.1

Stop! You're mad at him.+

After what feels like forever, when he's done with his food, he turns the chair so he is looking at me, face tense.7

"Chelsea-Anne" He simply says.+

"Chambers" I reply, almost challengingly.+

He smiles slightly but quickly wipes it off his face "How was your day?"24

Seriously?+

"Fine"+

"Good"+

Yeah, this is what we're not doing.8

I cross my arms against my chest and give him a stern and unhappy look.+

"What?" He asks.+

"Why were you avoiding me today and yesterday?" I enquire bluntly.+

"Cause I needed time to cool down"+

I scoff "Cool down from what?"+

"You know what" He retorts, his expression impatient. "I didn't want to be snapping at you cause you know how I get"+

"Well you did" I challenge.+

He drinks some water "I wasn't trying to"+

I sigh instead "Do you wanna talk?"+

"Yes" He replies.1

"Okay... I kind of get why you were mad about the whole Jake thing but nothing was ever going to happen. We had lunch and spoke, just like I told you we would" I tell him.1

"Okay" He trails, his face softening bit by bit and I smile internally "Uh, sorry that I just chose to avoid you instead of speaking things out"+

"Okay..." I can see he wants to go on.+

"Nicholas and I... we just went go-carting and played some video games. I didn't do anything... weird" He says assuringly.8

Thank goodness.+

"Okay" I utter.+

"And I care about you... so much" He basically whispers; his expression soft and genuine.53

He has no idea how much I needed to hear that. The smile on my face is impossible to hide at this point but I try to still. 2

"You scared me a bit" I utter honestly.+

"I'm so sorry I made you doubt me and my feelings for you. That's never something you have to question, Chelsea-Anne, I promise you. I care; so freaking much too. I was just mad and being an idiot"37

I smile widely "I accept your apology, Chambers. Just never say that again"1

"You have my word"13

"But you also need to tell me why you reacted like that, Kyle" I plea, my voice tiny because I don't want to upset him but at the same time I really need to know.+

He sighs almost dreadfully, running a hand through his hair "I don't want to lose you, Chelsea-Anne, especially not to him. I already feel like I lost RJ to him- them- in a way so I got a bit scared... insecure? I don't know. When you mentioned him I just saw red and it was beyond my control for a long time"51

Oh my gosh.+

"You will never ever lose me because I also don't want to lose you" I assure defiantly "And you didn't lose Riley either. You and Jake are family; you guys have the same nephew. If there's one thing about him it's that family comes first so he- and me for that matter- would never try to jeopardize anything for you" +

He breathes apologetically "I know, baby. I'm learning to understand people and their actions. I'm not good at it but I'm learning, okay"26

"Good boy" I smile at him, understanding.34

He also starts to smile and roll his eyes before his face turns serious "So you and my mom? What happened there?"+

"Uh, I kind of just bumped into her at the restaurant and Winnie was busy so she offered me a ride" I reply.+

"Did she say anything?"+

I clear my throat awkwardly but decide that I have to tell him "Uhm yes actually" He raises a brow "She was just like telling me that you weren't exactly safe and she asked what I was doing with you. She said she didn't want to see me get hurt and pleaded for me to take care of you cause she felt like she failed" I finalize, biting my lip cause I'm not sure how he's going to react.2

He runs a hand down his face sighing "I'm not surprised"+

"You aren't?" I ask an octave higher.+

"Yeah, she thinks any girl associated with our family will end up like her; trapped" He tells me.6

I nod "Yeah, that's basically what she said"+

"Do you?" He asks softly, gulping nervously.+

I frown "Do I what?"1

Kyle's POV.+

"Babe. Ouch!" I holler moving away from the girl and the razor.3

"Stay still" She scolds.+

I sigh before sitting on the closed toilet sit again as I watch her. I can't help but admire how cute she looks all concentrated; her lips are slightly puckered, her head tilted and her forehead is creased.+

My chin is covered in shaving cream and she's currently using a razor to help me shave. She's crouching a bit and I'm tilting my head up so she can do it properly. She's actually not doing that badly, but she scratches me sometimes. I have a towel on my lap so that my beard hair and the dirt doesn't fall on my jeans.20

Chelsea-Anne breathes heavily before moving to the sink to rinse the razor.1

"Done?" I ask hopefully.+

She shakes her head returning "Almost"+

"I'm tired. What's taking so long?" I complain as she reapplies more cream on my chin and starts the job again.+

"Hush" She says simply.+

She's having too much fun with this. She's lucky she's so cute and I'm half distracted looking and admiring her face in front of me.+

"Hello? Is anyone here?"5

That's Nathan's voice.1

"Here" Chelsea-Anne shouts. I would but I know she's gonna get annoyed if I move my jaw and disturb her.+

A few seconds later, Nathan joins us in the main bathroom, before chocking to fits of laughter at the sight. I can imagine how ridiculous it looks; my girlfriend shaving me and me just sitting and watching.20

"Dude, what the fuck?" He wheezes.+

"Don't speak to him till I'm done" Chelsea-Anne warns giving him a stern look before turning to me "You too, mister"1

"Why are you shaving him?" Nathan snorts.+

She puckers her lips again concentrated "Cause he asked me to" +

"No, I didn't" I reply quickly before she has time to protest.+

She scowls "Kyle! What did I say?"+

Nathan laughs again, raising a brow at me "I hate to admit it but this is kind of cute. I'd let Kathrine do this for me if she's wasn't so damn clumsy"+

"Honestly" Chelsea-Anne grins.+

After a while, she's finally done as she gets a wet towel and wipes my chin clean.+

"How do I look?" I ask.+

She smiles, looking to admire "Damn, I should be a professional shaver" She muses, hands on her hips.11

"Yeah, not bad, little player" Nathan says.+

I just huff since she won't tell me how I look as I get up to the mirror. I'm actually surprised at the clean job she did. She's quite good at this and it makes me like her even more for some reason. 1

"And?" She grins, eyes wide and hopeful.+

"Good. I'm impressed" I reply, looking at her through the mirror because I'm still assessing myself.+

She comes to stand next to me "I thought you'd be ugly without the stubble but you still look good as hell" She compliments as she touches my clean jaw and kisses it.3

I needed to hear that. 3

"Okay, can you guys not do that" Nathan protests, giving us unimpressed looks.+

Chelsea-Anne giggles looking back at him "Sorry, I honestly forgot you were even here"+

Same.3

"Ouch" He shouts feigning hurt.+

I clean up the little mess as Chelsea-Anne excuses herself to get dressed for school. Nathan surprisingly helps me cause he's a lazy ass like that.+

"Dude, you let her shave you?" He asks.+

I shrug "She wanted to. I couldn't exactly say no to her"+

"And why not?"4

Cause I'm a pussy when it comes to her.45

"Jesus, does it matter?" I roll my eyes at him and he snorts "She did a clean job so I'm really not complaining at all"+

He looks at my chin "She really did"+

"What time does our class start today?" I ask him glancing at my watch.+

"Uh, not until two hours" He replies.3

"Okay" +

We finish up while making light conversation before we just chill and watch some tv in the living room while waiting.+

"Are you two good? You look happy" He smirks my way as he waggles his brows. +

I flip him off amused.+

"Yeah, we're good. Very good actually" I find myself telling him. Normally I feel uncomfortable talking about my feelings to anyone else but it's kind of easier with Nathan.+

"Yeah? Have you two... you know, done it?" He asks seriously.8

"Dude, no" I basically whisper.+

I don't want Chelsea-Anne hearing this.+

"Shit, sorry, I was just asking" He whispers too "Kathrine told me she was a virgin. Is it true?"92

I nod "Yeah. So we're taking it slow"+

"Dude" He laugh, putting a fist against his mouth "How the fuck are you surviving? I'd probably have severe blue balls if I were you"21

"You think I don't?"38

God knows how much I do. Chelsea-Anne is just so fucking sexy and I don't know how much longer I can resist her like that.1

He laughs again "Shit"+

"It's not fucking funny, dumbass" I scowl.+

"Don't worry dude. I know it'll be worth it when it finally happens. I know how much you and Chels like each other" He says.+

"I know" I murmur.+

He shakes his head, smirking "I wish you could see how fucking whipped you are"2

"Shut up"+

Chelsea-Anne gets my attention as she shows up from her bedroom, her bag on her back, her hair in a high ponytail, rocking tight blue jeans, a navy bomber jacket, and her white Nike Air Forces.37

She's so beautiful.+

"Okay, I have class in ten minutes so can we go?" She announces grabbing a Granola bar from the kitchen.+

She loves those.4

Nathan and I share an amused look before getting up and following her outside. We climb into Nathan's Jeep, Chelsea-Anne in the backseat and me in the passenger before we start to drive away.2

"Where's Kat?" She asks.+

I see Nathan glance at her through the mirror "She went with Nicholas. They both don't have class so god knows where they are"2

This place gives me chills because last time I was here, I met that freaky tattooed guy who basically threatened me. I can't help but smile at the fact that Kyle punched him for me.11

I wonder if he liked me back then...+

"My car is good, right?" Kyle asks the same repair guy that was here last time.+

The guy nods "Yep, all good"+

"Okay, I'm leaving the GTI here and we're gonna come get it again after. Please just watch it for me, yeah?"17

"No problem, man" +

Kyle nods before looking at me "Let's go"+

I follow him out as I wave at the guy whose name I still don't know and he offers me a smile back.+

I spot Kyle's blue racing car parked on the other side. I kind of missed the damn thing cause I haven't seen it in a while.... I also haven't seen him race in a while. I just want this whole me being in danger thing to end already so I can support him when he does.+

"Are you gonna come in or not?" I'm snapped out of my dreamland as Kyle looks at me amused and shakes his head.2

I smile sheepishly entering "Yep"3

It's nice inside, there's nothing much because I mean it is used for racing- illegal and fast racing that is.+

"Do you own it?" I ask curiously as he starts to drive away to probably the track which is about 10 minutes away.+

"Nah"+

"How does the whole thing work, then?"+

"I got this car from the guy who owns that repair shop. It's legally his but he lets me use. So like, every time I win I give him a cut and stuff" He tells me.+

I hum interested "Why don't you get your own?"+

"I like this one" He says, basically caressing the steering wheel and I laugh at how silly he's being "It's a good car. I've grown used to it"+

"You sure know how to use it" I praise.6

He gives me a crooked smile, glancing at me slightly "So I've heard" 1

"Heard?! You win all your races. Get out of here with that fake modesty" I scoff.1

He laughs loudly, shaking his head.+

"It's genuine" He argues after recovering.+

I tut "Genuine my ass, mr arrogant"1

We spend the rest of the ride arguing about his modesty. I name all the times he's been all arrogant and cocky, and he seems to have a stupid explanation for each of them. 1

There is also a McDonalds just before we reach the place so we make a stop there and get some food. We're both not hungry but we probably will be after so we save it for until then.48

"Woah, I've never seen it so empty here before" I breathe looking at the very empty race track.+

Normally it's packed, with people and cars. There are also big speakers for the music and sometimes even food trucks. Now it's empty. There's only the track, Kyle and I, and that's about it.+

"Yep. All ours" He says.1

I grin looking at him "I'm actually so excited. Just promise you won't kill me, Chambers"3

He moves closer to my face, his eyes shining, and lays a soft kiss on my lips "I wouldn't dream of it" He replies and I kiss him again quickly cause he's so damn cute and gorgeous.1

All mine.21

"Okay, let's get this show on the road" I announce, making sure my seatbelt is on tightly.4

He undoes his as if remembering something "Let me go put the food out cause I don't want it getting destroyed with all the turning and swerving" +

"Okay"+

He comes back quickly and I can't stop grinning the whole time.+

"Ready, baby?"3

I nod "Wait, but are you sure I won't need a helmet?"9

"Baby, you'll be fine" He grins wickedly.2

And then he starts to rev on the engine, my adrenaline already picking up before the car starts at a very fast pace.2

Woah.+

***37

"Honestly, McDonalds is life. I don't even know why these other restaurants try" I moan, biting into my Big Mac happily.88

Kyle and I are currently seated on the hood of his race car and just eating and speaking. The sun is setting and it's getting kind of dark but we don't really care. We're too busy enjoying each other's company.9

"I agree" He muffles, food in his mouth.+

I take a sip of my Sprite to help me swallow more easily "Isn't it crazy how it's all over the world? Like, every country gets to taste and experience this goodness" I ask dazedly.87

What? It fascinates me.+

He laughs, raising a brow "Sure"+

"You're boring" I roll my eyes because he's looking at me like I'm crazy "Don't you wonder about weird things sometimes?"2

"Nope" He says.1

I believe him honestly. He's too... realistic.+

I shake my head tutting "You need to have an imagination, Kylie. It's no use only living in the real world the whole time"11

"Sure it is" He argues sipping his drink "What's the point of imagining?"6

"You get to think of something else"+

He shrugs "I'd rather not"1

I just roll my eyes at him again as we finish our food. When we're done, I take the empty packets and throw them in the bin before he helps me up and I join him on the hood again.+

He pulls me closer to him, kissing my forehead and I smile "I had fun today" I tell him.+

"Me too" He smiles back.2

We laying down in such a way that our heads are against the front window and the rest of our bodies on the hood, as we turn our heads so we're looking at each other. He intertwines his hand with mine, bringing me warmth.7

"So, I've been wondering" I trail and he hums telling me to go on "When exactly did you start liking me?"+

He laughs "Why are you asking me that?"+

"Cause I wanna know" I reply drily and demandingly "Now, tell me"+

"Uhm okay" He trails thoughtfully as I wait for him to continue "I think the first time I saw you..."17

I scoff immediately "Yeah right. Are you always a dick to the girls you like?"+

"Let me finish" He rolls his eyes "But, I didn't realize it until that day we went to the repairs. Isn't that coincidental? Anyways when you asked about Bones' well-being after he had treated you like that made me realize how pure and amazing you were. And then also that rent thing. I was always rude to you but you still wanted to help" He says, trailing his thumb on the back of my hand softly.+

So the last few weeks... if not a month actually have been quite okay. Nothing much has happened except for the fact that college is just getting harder and harder. Everyone has been preoccupied with it. Honestly, if Kyle and I didn't live together, I probably wouldn't see him much lately.5

Their course has this thing where they have to shadow now. So if he's not on campus, he's doing that. And he still has gym and racing practice. I've also been busy with studying and sometimes we have afternoon classes now. Kyle and I still luckily have time for each other though. We make sure to spend time together a lot and it's always the highlight of my day.2

Ever since I've admitted my 'readiness' to him, it's been harder and harder to resist that damn guy. I honestly don't know how I still am. He teases me about it sometimes. We'll be heatedly making out then he'll like "You're sure you aren't ready, yet, babe?"11

Idiot.4

Today is Nathan's birthday and surprise party so we're all excited. Kat promised all of us that she didn't spill the beans so hopefully he'll be very surprised.+

"Okay, Kathrine just texted me that they're on the way" Nick informs us whispering.2

"Why are you whispering? They're not here yet" Winnie deadpans and he flips her off causing us to laugh.+

We didn't throw anything major, since he made it very clear that he didn't want a big thing. It's just the gang and Avery. There are also a few other guys that I don't really know but Kyle says they're Nathan's 'back-up' friends when him and Nick aren't around.34

Kat booked out a restaurant for him and we basically spent the whole day decorating it and getting everything ready.+

"You look gorgeous" I feel Kyle's presence as he wraps an arms around me and kisses my temple.5

We haven't had much time to ourselves the whole day because earlier I was with the girls because they needed to do some shopping. And then after, it was straight to the restaurant to get everything ready. I'm not really big on PDA so I couldn't kiss him in front of everyone like I've been dying to.17

I smile "Thanks, so do you"+

I'm wearing a white off the shoulder crop top, and a red high-waisted skirt, pairing it with white heels and some jewelry.48

Everyone else looks good though. We're all elegant and classy. The girls are in heels and the guys look handsome dressed all formal.+

"You look so tall with heels on. Almost my height" He muses gazing at me.4

I snort "I doubt I'll ever actually reach it"2

The guy is well off taller than me.7

"Chelsea and Kyle, can you two stop being all cozy and help us out please" Nicholas demands tutting at us "This is not Love Island"42

He's so annoying.1

"Help you with what? We did everything" I protest rolling my eyes at him.+

He looks around for something cause he knows he just wants to annoy us "Ah-ha, why don't one of you hang that balloon that just flew off" He points.+

"Nicholas. Fuck off" Kyle says.+

He huffs "Fine. I'll do it. Like I've been doing everything around this damn place"+

"Weren't you the one who forgot to pick up the cake?" Winnie challenges causing all of us to start laughing at the idiot.+

"Dumbass" I snort.1

He just scowls at all of us before his phone beeps and he looks.+

"Oh shit, they're here. Everyone hide" He announces and we all do just that. Kyle grabs my hand and drags me with him so we're hiding at the same place. Someone turns off the light so it's dark inside and adds more to the mystery.1

We're at our spot and I feel Kyle kiss my neck and I giggle quietly "Kyle, no" I whisper.7

"I miss you" He complains.+

I grin widely, but I don't think he can see me much because the space we're in is pretty small and dark "I miss you too"+

"Okay, so give me a kiss"6

This guy.+

I just roll my eyes before happily pressing my lips to his soft ones, but only for a second. "Now keep quiet before you ruin the surprise" I warn, but it's not too threatening cause I'm grinning like an idiot.+

He does that to me.+

"Yes, ma'am" He replies playfully.37

We all stay quiet for one more minute before I start to hear footsteps.+

"Why is it dark in here?" I hear Nathan's voice and he sounds so confused.+

I stifle a laugh.+

"I don't know, so weird" Kathrine plays along smoothly, sounding as confused, even though she knows exactly what's going on.+

I hear footsteps getting louder "Where the fuck is the damn light? This is freaking me out" Nathan grumbles.4

"Hush, scaredy-cat" Kathrine coaxes.+

This is too funny honestly.+

We see the light being turned on, and that's our negotiated cue to make our presence known.+

"Surprise!" We all yell coming out of our spots and cheering happily. Some pull their confetti sticks and some blow on their party blowers.+

Nathan's clutches his shirt immediately, as if shocked and his jaw drops.22

Yep... he's definitely surprised.+

Kathrine grins widely next to him "Surprise, baby, it's your surprise party" She cheers looking up at him but he's still shocked.3

We're all just laughing at his expression.+

He snaps out of it before smirking and shaking his head "You sly motherfuckers" He laughs.15

"You're welcome" Nick laughs.+

Nathan looks to his girlfriend before laying a big kiss on her lips causing her to giggle against him "You're the biggest one. You basically live with me and didn't say anything?" He looks kind of proud as he kisses her again.3

"No" She grins shaking her head.+

He looks to us "Thank you guys so much for this" He says appreciatively.+

Aww.+

We all mutter "Anytimes"3

"Well lets get seated" Kathrine announces before we all move to our spots.+

The table is one long one with the cake in the middle, wine and the glasses. There is a buffet on another table where everyone will dish up.1

"I like the cake" Nathan praises.+

"It was my idea" Winnie says proudly after hearing him.+

The cake is a flat, round one, with a cat in a car on the top in 3D. Winnie said it's because he's dating a girl named 'Kat' and he loves racing. It's a pretty cute and nice; I hope it will taste good too but I have no doubt it will. Kat, no doubt, loved the idea very much and made sure the cat's fur was the same color of her hair.11

⚠️ you guys already know this but this contains sexual content!! if it makes you uncomfortable, you can skip the whole chapter. ⚠️201

enjoy ;)1

***+

He gets in.21

I get in.+

If I wasn't sure about wanting Kyle, I sure am now. That car ride was torture. His free hand was on my bare thigh, drawing circles there and going higher every now and again, causing me to gasp and bite my lip hard. If just his hands can make me feel like that...4

What a damn tease.+

He would just glance over at my flustered state and smirk or wink at me. My legs literally felt like jello when I got out of the car, and my insides burn like crazy.+

Now we're finally in the apartment..+

I look at him and he looks at me, no words needing to be said as our hungry eyes do all the talking.1

Next thing I know, I'm pushed against the door and his lips are attacking mine. I immediately moan loudly at the very sharp contact that I've been craving since we left that damn bathroom. My hand immediately grip his hair roughly between my fingers, growing impatient. His are on my exposed stomach, squeezing there.3

I shrug his jacket off of him and it falls to the ground before my other hand trails on his very hard biceps.+

Damn, he's really all mine.+

He lifts me off the ground so I'm wrapping my legs around him and starts to walk somewhere, probably his room, without breaking the kiss as he grabs my ass. I can't seem to stop moaning as I squirm against him, my body basically shaking with want and need.1

I feel myself collapse onto something soft and I know it's his bed as he pulls away. I lean on my elbows watching him with very lustful eyes as he takes his white shirt off exposing his heavenly abs. I bite my lip, feeling my pupils dilate even more.8

"Like what you see?" He rasps and I nod as I sit up to touch his exposed skin. I literally feel electricity at our contact and my stomach flutters. He's so damn soft. But, like a hungry animal, he snaps and pushes me further onto the bed before his lips are on me again and kissing me harder than he ever has, his tongue in every corner of my mouth.+

Fuck me!79

I wrap my legs around his waist, wanting to feel every inch of him on me and I gasp when I feel his hard member against my area. It's so damn big and fucking... hard.28

He pulls back to look at my very needy face, with a menacing smile "You're fucking gorgeous looking at me like that" He praises.+

I bite my lip shyly "So are you"2

"Lift your arms" He commands raspily and I comply without complaining as he slowly grabs my top from the bottom, his nails brushing on my stomach causing me to shiver, and lifts it over my head until I'm in my strapless bra.10

"Fuck" He curses thickly, admiring.12

I blush before pulling his head to mine again and laying my lips to his, never ever getting tired of the addictive and delicious taste. A second later he pulls away but I don't get to whimper much longer because he starts to kiss my neck, causing me to shudder under him and I bring him impossibly closer to me by spreading my legs wider. He groans against me before his lips go lower, kissing my collarbone and then lower again until they're right on my cleavage.5

"Kyle" I breathe, clutching his hair.2

He kisses me there, right above my bra and I gasp enjoying the sensation. But I want it off. He sucks there with me whimpering under him, and then it looks like he finally reads my mind as his hands go behind my back and I arch lightly to give him better access as he easily unclasps my bra and breathes loudly before getting it off my body.26

His dark eyes widen at the sight of my bare breasts and I blush under his appreciative and hungry gaze "Fuck, you're so beautiful"20

I smile widely and he offers me a wolffish smirk before leaning back down to brush his lips softly against mine before they're back down. His hand grabs my left breast between them and he massages there softly and tweaks my nipple, causing me to moan and close my eyes at the wonderful sensation that I could get so used to.7

His warm lips immediately latch onto my right nipple, causing me to arch dramatically and scream his name at the sudden pleasure.39

"Oh, Kyle" I basically cry out.8

His mouth licks and sucks gently on my very hardened nipple, making me lose my mind because I can't believe how good he's making me feel.4

Good lord, he's gifted.4

I open my eyes and the sight of him sucking on me like that almost makes me pass out. He glances up at me and smirks menacingly, his eyes hungry and I swear... I swear I'm so fucking ready to sin my way to hell for Kyle fucking Chambers.37

I'm his. He can do whatever he wants to me.8

I close my eyes again as he pays attention to my other nipple a bit rougher, with me moaning and clutching his hair tighter between my fingers.+

If this isn't heaven.+

I feel his warm lips off me and I whimper slightly and open my eyes to see what he's busy doing. I'm immediately greeted by his happy face hovering over mine and I grin.+

"You taste amazing" He praises.3

I kiss his lips "And you're too good at everything. It's unfair"+

He laughs "This is just the beginning, baby"21

Good lord.+

My eyes widen and he lays his lips on mine before I can say anything else. I run my hands against his abs and biceps, enjoying the way they feel and how prominent they are and he groans against my mouth.1

"Chelsea-Anne" He rasps against my lips "One more chance to back out because I don't think I can control myself much longer"22

I shake my head "Don't stop. Please"+

He bites my lip seductively and I let out a lushful moan and he smirks "Okay" He says before kissing me again, hungrily.+

I feel his hands go lower and lower, with me shaking and squirming under him, until they're under my skirt and trailing along my inner thighs. I subconsciously spread my legs wider to give him more room and he pulls back before kissing my neck.+

"Your skin is so soft" He whispers.3

I just clutch his hair, biting gently on his shoulder because he's getting closer and closer to... me. +

I gasp when he's there.+

His hand is on top of my thin lace panties that I'm sure don't hide much about my state and he groans loudly.+

"You're so fucking wet"46

I moan as he rubs on me over my panties, but the contact is not enough. I want them off; I want to feel him against me. Luckily, he starts to unbutton my skirt and I raise up a little to help him take it off.1

He sucks in a deep breath at the sight of me just in my lacey panties "Good lord"8

I love the effect I have on him.+

I bite my lip as I look at him from my under my lashes shyly; excitedly.2

His hand goes back down and I feel it rub harder on me, causing me to grab onto his shoulders so hard that I'm sure I've left deep nail marks. He seems to love the pain as he groans against my neck biting there. I can feel my core throbbing in need, the ache hard to ignore.5

⚠️ there is sexual content in the first part. if you're uncomfortable you can start reading after the stars ⚠️ 23

Kyle's POV.3

Last night actually happened.6

I've always thought people were exaggerating when they said sex was better with someone you had feelings for. Last night proved me wrong. They're not overreacting, it's actually the truth.+

What happened between Chelsea-Anne and I was more than just sex, it was... magic. That's the only word I can use to describe it. Everything felt so real, so intense and so fucking good; too good. I know I'm going to sound like a pussy, but that was the best sex of my entire life.5

Chelsea-Anne Richards. 5

She will be the death of me. I've never gotten so much pleasure from pleasuring a girl before. The way she moaned my name, gripped every part of my body. And oh god, the way she felt all around me... that was too good to be true. So tight and so so fucking wet. I loved it. She really is all mine. Her taste... those beautiful breasts that I may or may not be obsessed with. Those lips... the things they were saying to me, how thick and pained her voice was, the way they were moaning my name and begging me; praising me.10

I'm definitely addicted.+

I woke up before her and was tempted to wake her up too, but I know I wore her out too much and she needs to get her rest. I literally got so lost in her body cause she felt that good. +

Anyways, she slept naked so I was just admiring and memorizing every inch of her body. Is that weird? Do I sound like a pervert? Well I don't really care because my girlfriend is sexy as sin and I can look all I want.9

When she admitted she was mine, I almost came on the spot. Those words were the sexiest words I had ever heard. Don't even get me started on when she said I was the only person who had ever made her come. That drove me fucking crazy.1

She's honestly too good for me.+

I try to get rid of my thoughts as I feel myself getting harder again under the shower. I let the warm water cool me down but soon my thoughts are back to my girlfriend. 11

I think I'm too distracted that I don't hear the shower door opening until I feel a kiss on the back of my shoulder.2

I smile turning around because I already know who it is.+

"Morning" I greet.+

Chelsea-Anne grimaces and then frowns "Kyle... your back. I'm so sorry"+

"Are you talking about the nail scratches and bites?" I smirk and she nods, frowning deeper "You have nothing to be sorry about. I love those. They're so sexy"+

It's true. I caught a glimpse of my back in the mirror earlier and woah was I turned on. I have her marks all over me and I don't know if it's normal how sexy I found all of that. I mean it kind of hurts, but it's very worth it. 12

She shakes her head laughing "You're crazy"+

I lick my lips as my eyes rake her naked glory in front of me. She has spots on her neck and on those sexy and beautiful breasts. She always complains about those after, but when I give them to her she's too busy moaning my name. Drives me crazy. My eyes go lower and I feel my dick harden as I admire her curves, and her sexy ass legs.12

I'm so lucky.+

"My eyes are up here, mister" She snaps her fingers in my face with a fake stern look but I can see she's fighting a blush.1

I just chuckle pulling her towards me, so that we're both under the shower head as the water sprinkles on us. Her hair and body are immediately wet causing me to lick my lips. She giggles and cranes her head up so the water is falling on her face. I kiss her exposed neck softly.+

"How are you feeling?" I ask.+

She looks at me, wrapping her arms around my torso and kisses my chest "Uhm, a bit sore since I got up. Last night I couldn't really feel it but now I definitely do"+

"Sorry" I massage her shoulders and she moans softly. Her wet body looks so damn edible but I know I can't get too carried away because she did just admit that she's in pain.9

"How are you feeling?" She breathes.+

"Well right now I feel horny because you're naked and wet in front of me and I wanna eat you" I tease, even thought I mean it, winking to which she hits my chest and giggles.8

So cute.+

"I'm serious" She pouts.4

I kiss those lips quickly before answering "I feel good. Can't stop thinking about last night though"+

"Really?" She smiles, eyes bright.+

I nod "Yep. Good day"3

"Mh-hm" She hums softly and closes her eyes as I start to rub on her shoulders again "That feels good. The water and your hands" She adds, her voice soothing.+

I just admire how beautiful she is.+

"You feel good" I say instead.+

I'm not really sure if I mean it sexually or not, but she really does feel good. Always.+

"Kylie..." She trails quietly, her eyes still closed. Uh-oh, I know that voice. She's worried about something.+

"Yes..."+

She opens her eyes and they look so soft and vulnerable. I knew it. "I don't want to sound like one of those clingy girls, but please promise me that nothing will change now that we've done it" She utters slowly, and I can see her swallowing a lump.+

"Baby" I raise an unhappy brow "Why would anything change?"+

She shrugs sheepishly "I don't know. I've heard guys change on girls after they've done it. I think I'd die if you did that to me"7

"I'm flattered that you'd die" I smile and she rolls her eyes "But I promise you have nothing to worry about. You're the only girl I want. Only you"4

She grins, looking happy "Okay..."+

I just chuckle, fascinated at how she's always worrying about something she should not be worried about. I just wish she could see herself through my eyes. She would know that I would never do anything to hurt her.7

"Stop thinking so much and give me a kiss" I say.+

She smiles, standing on her tip-toes and presses her lips to mine. I can feel the water of the shower between our lips but I don't really mind as I kiss her slowly, enjoying her taste and her naked body against mine. I was hard even before she got into the shower, I got harder when I saw her and now I'm even more hard with her lips on mine. I know she can feel it as she gasp softly against my mouth. I can't even control myself anymore. She's my weakness.3

She probably doesn't even realize she's doing it- knowing her- but she starts to grind against me causing me to grunt against her soft lips as my hand squeezes her tiny waist and pull her even closer. I feel her hardened nipples press against my chest and that drives me fucking crazy.+

She also wants me right now.+

My hands lower until they're squeezing that perky round ass of hers and she moans loudly against my lips before pulling back and breathing loudly, her eyes wild.1

I switch the shower settings so that the water is isn't sprinkling from the shower head, but instead from the heads on both sides so that it's hitting our backs. The water in my face is kind of distracting.19

"Oh my god" Kathrine shrieks loudly next to me as she watches my boyfriend "You did that, didn't you?"+

Only God knows why Kyle would take off his shirt when his back looks like it's just been clawed by a damn bear. Now Kathrine is going to ask me 50 million questions.10

"Chelsea!" She demands when I don't reply.+

I groan, wanting to run into the ring and smack the damn guy "Yes. I was going to tell you but now I guess you already know"2

"I can't-"+

"Dude, what the fuck?!" Nathan gapes from inside the ring after seeing his friend's back, getting both our attention.10

Kyle also seems to remember his 'situation' as he also gapes at his mistake. Well, at least he also didn't want that to happen. He quickly retrieves his shirt from the ground and yanks it on.6

Kathrine, Kyle, Nathan and I are at the gym. Kat kept insisting it was a 'double date' but it's not exactly that. It's still fun though. We were just drooling over how hot our boyfriends looked boxing. They really do... or at least Kyle does. They were holding the punching bag for each other and taking turns. Everything was going well until now when my dumbass of a boyfriend decided to take his shirt off.2

"Chels, you did this, didn't you?" Nathan smirks my way as he walks closer to us.+

This is so embarrassing.+

I roll my eyes "Ask your friend"+

"She did. She just told me" Kat chirps, grinning widely.9

Nathan laughs loudly "Oh my god. I never knew you had in you, Chels. Not even I've had scratches like that. Jesus"+

"Okay, okay. Leave my girl alone" Kyle finally comes to my defense because I was seriously turning red "This is neither of your business" He continues shooting daggers at the couple.6

"It's mine. She's my best friend" Kat excuses.30

"Yeah. It's mine too. You're my best friend" Nathan also excuses looking to Kyle.1

"We don't owe you anything" I deadpan.9

"If you two don't tell us then I'm telling Nick and you know how he gets. Is that what you really want?" Kat threatens mischievously.59

Devil.+

Kyle and I share a look before I sigh defeated "Fine. What do you want to know?"+

The couple starts to laugh triumphantly.+

Match made in hell.22

Kyle and Nathan climb down from the ring before joining Kat and I. Now we're all sitting on some yoga mats and watching each other.+

Nathan smirks "Speak"+

"Fine. Kyle and I did it" I groan, wishing the ground could open up and swallow me "Happy?"20

"When?" Kat trails.3

"Two nights ago. Nathan's thing" I reply.+

"Wait, you actually lost your virginity in a bathroom?" Kat gapes, eyes wide.1

I don't have time to object because Nathan says "That's why you two looked so flustered up when you came to tell me you were leaving"+

"No!" Kyle objects after being given a chance "Chelsea-Anne didn't lose her virginity in a fucking bathroom. She lost it on my bed, after we left the party"26

"Oh" They drawl in unison.+

Idiots.+

"Great. Is this conversation over now?" I ask drily.+

"So those aren't just making out hickeys? They're actually sex hickeys?" Kat asks gesturing to my neck.+

I roll my eyes "Yes, Kathrine"1

"I knew it. I didn't want to say anything because you anyways always have hickeys. But I could tell those ones were different" Nathan smirks tseking.2

"That's not creepy at all" Kyle deadpans.22

He shrugs "I'm very observant"1

"I'm starting to think you two are freakier than us" Kat smirks waggling her eyebrows up and down "Aren't they, babe?"+

Nathan nods "Yeah. You don't see my back looking like I got attacked by a lion"13

"I'm not a lion" I scoff.+

"Relax, little player, it's a good thing" He winks my way "Anyways I'm glad you two finally did it. Kyle was dying of blue balls"19

Kyle smacks his friend "Shut up"+

I just blush "Whatever"+

"Chels was also very sexually frustrated. She told me herself" Kat smirks and I turn red, also smacking her. "Ouch" She yelps.81

"You two are the worst best friends" I say.1

They both laugh at our very evident embarrassment.+

"Okay you boys can leave. Chels and I need to have a girl talk" Kat announces.2

"We do?" I murmur confused.1

"Yes" She nods turning to the boys "Bye now"1

Nathan gets up first before walking back to the ring. Kyle just looks at me before sighing and also getting up.+

"Okay. Give me a kiss first" He bargains.+

Kat just smirks pretending to cover her face but I can see she left gaps between her fingers. Technically its not PDA if there's only one person watching us right?10

I look up at my boyfriend and he crouches down to meet my lips with his soft ones. I smile against them. I love kissing him.5

"Okay" I pull away.+

He offers me a smile before joining his friend.+

"Well... you two are cute" Kat grins when she's sure that he's gone.4

I roll my eyes sheepishly "Sure"+

"Chels! Tell me everything, please. I have so many questions. You're actually not a virgin anymore. I'm so proud. I don't like Kyle, but I'm happy you lost it to him. He really likes you a lot, Chels" She rambles happily.21

"Aww" I coo grinning as I hug her "What do you want to know?"+

She smirks widely "How was it? Is he big?"80

I blush instantly at even the thought "It was good. Out of this world. I felt like I was in heaven. And yes, he's... big"11

Big is an understatement.5

She squeals happily, clapping her hands "Oh my gosh. I'm so proud of you! Getting all that Chambers dick"31

"Oh my gosh" I giggle.+

"Seriously, you're a lucky girl. Lots would kill for that experience. I've heard around campus"14

"Well he's all mine now" I say possessively.+

"I don't doubt it. The guy looks damn whipped. You both are glowing" She grins.1

I blush "Thanks, Kat"+

"So have you two done it again?"+

"Not really. I'm still all sore, but we've been doing other things" I blush.+

⚠️ mature content in the first part⚠️28

So the past week has been quite eventful. Kyle and I have been having sex like a pair of rabbits. Seriously. I've officially diagnosed myself with 'KAS' which means Kyle-Addiction Syndrome.48

Yep, it's a thing.+

No matter how much I try to resist him, I just can't. I want him. ALL THE TIME. And he does too, so you can just imagine. Sometimes we have it in the morning, sometimes after classes, sometimes before we sleep. Most of the time we have it at all three stages. It's so bad but yet it feels so good. It gets better every single time. I don't know how. We'll be eating and then the next thing he's attacking me or I'm attacking him and it just happens. 3

Yeah, we need help.+

All our friends know now. Nick was the most excited because apparently he 'made' us and I 'wouldn't know what a dick felt like' if it wasn't for him. His words. 29

"I am spent" I say in between breaths as I collapse off of Kyle and next to him.+

I was on top this time... 32

We've been doing a lot of exploring too. It's been exhilarating and so damn exciting and erotic. He makes sex with him so natural and so damn sexy. He likes it when I communicate. When I tell what I like... what I want to try... what he wants to try. Damn, the man is a sin. But I love it.3

"Same" He utters breathlessly.+

I start to laugh and he looks at me quizzically "Is this normal? That we have so much sex? I mean, just two weeks ago I was a virgin" 4

He laughs too "Well, I am addicted to you and that damn sexy body of yours so I guess there's not much we can do about that. I love sex with you. It gets better every single time"1

"It's a problem" I blush kissing his bare chest.+

"The best problem ever" He smiles boyishly and starts kissing me everywhere "Not my fault your moans drive me crazy. Let's not even get started on how fucking good you feel. How delicious you taste. Those breasts..."5

At this point my eyes are dark and I want him all over again.+

"Stop" I whine breathlessly.+

He pecks my lips quickly "I like turning you on, babe"1

And he's damn good at it.+

I shake my head giggling "Well stop"+

"Come on, lets get under the covers. God knows what I want to do to that naked body all over again right now"+

I just laugh again but we proceed to get under the covers and I wrap myself around him and bask in his warmth and comfort. His hands are in my hair and massaging it soothingly.2

"I've been thinking" He trails getting my attention and I look up at him "Tomorrow I want to take you out on a date. Like a proper one"7

My eyes light up happily "You do?"+

He laughs, probably at my expression "Yes, babe, I do. I just realized we've never been on a proper one and so I want to. Like a formal one where we get dressed up and shit. I don't know" He says nervously and I internally coo at how freaking cute he is.7

"I would love that" I grin.+

He raises a brow amused "You're very easy to please, my little one" He winks and I know he's not just talking about the date anymore.14

"Really?" I ask challengingly.+

I have an idea right now but I don't know if I'm confident enough to pull through with it.2

"What's that supposed to mean?"+

Fuck it.6

I smirk moving up to straddle him, his eyes widening, and I start to kiss him and he responds immediately. I tease him further by pulling back just when he's started to enjoy himself as I start to lay open kisses on his hard and sexy ass chest.+

"Baby..." He questions raspily.+

I feel him grow harder under me again and I know now that I'm ready to do this. I'm nervous but I'm ready. I've actually been wanting to do it for a while now... I continue to kiss his chest, with him groaning the whole time, and I move lower and lower until I'm close to destination.50

"Chelsea-Anne, baby" He rasps, grabbing my hair gently "What are you doing?"2

I look up at him and bite my lip "Shh"+

Since when did I become an entire seductress? Since you met Kyle Chambers and he unleashed the inner sex demon in you.8

His eyes widen and darken but he lets me do my thing. I take one more deep breath before stripping Kyle from the covers and I'm greeted by that damn big and addictive thing. I look up at him again as I lay my hand on it and start to run it up and down slowly.4

He groans loudly, throwing his head back "Fuck, baby"+

Good.+

My eyes then focus back to my prize as I brace myself. 'Be confident and sexy. Don't be too nervous. He will love it, trust me' are the words that Kat said to me when I suggested the idea (or did she? I don't really remember) and I repeat them to myself and they actually manage to calm me down.10

I lick up his shaft slowly, getting myself used to the taste, and I hear him groan loudly as his hold on my hair tightens lightly. I look up at him to see him looking down at me and the contact is so sexy that I feel myself getting wet as I gain confidence immediately. I open my mouth before enveloping him inside slowly, he's too big so not all of him goes in.2

"Oh fuck" He curses; eyes closing.+

I start to bop my head up and down, making sure there's enough saliva (another piece of advice Kat gave me) and I look up at Kyle to see his chest moving so fast, his other hand gripping the sheets tightly and his eyes still closed as he looks to be enjoying himself. 15

"That feels so good" He rasps.+

This encourages me further as I move my head faster, trying to take him deeper, and he grunts lifting his hips and I gag slightly. I start to use my hands and this seems to drive him absolutely crazy as he starts to whisper my name in lust and pleasure.6

I love seeing him like this.+

"Just like that" He utters lowly.+

His lips are open and his face is scrunched up slightly, and I know that's his 'fuck, this feels amazing' face. I moan with him still in my mouth and he almost loses it as his hold on my hair becomes tighter, which weirdly turns me on even more.6

"Fuck, baby" He grunts and I look up at him to see that he's now watching me with dark eyes "You're so fucking sexy like that"+

I retract my mouth from enveloping him as I start to lay soft kisses all over. My jaw is aching cause he is so damn big but I don't want to stop yet.+

"How does it feel?" I ask him.+

He groans, licking his lips "Feels fucking amazing. Your mouth is heaven"+

I take him back into my mouth as my pace becomes faster and faster with him hitting the back of my throat, to the point where tears are escaping my eyes, but I don't seem to mind. My hand also starts to move faster and Kyle can't stop groaning and muttering incoherent words under his breath as he grabs my hair and thrusts his hips more often.5

Kyle's POV.4

"This is fucking delicious" Chelsea-Anne moans while devouring her pasta like a starved animal, but she still makes it look sexy.4

She makes everything look sexy.+

"I can make you moan louder" I wink.36

She flushes immediately causing me to laugh before narrowing her eyes at me "Not the time, Chambers"+

"Okay, okay" +

I was so nervous about this whole date thing but it's honestly turning out to be perfect and fun. Just spending time with Chelsea-Anne is enough for me, I always love every second of it.8

The past week with her has been something else. I might get hard just thinking about it. All the crazy and spontaneous sex we've been having. I never thought I could be that addicted to a single human being. It just seems to get better every single time with her, I don't know how. Some days she lets me have all the control, some days she wants it... like last night. That was fucking crazy! I almost lost my mind when I saw myself inside her mouth, it was one of the best experiences. She was so damn good at it too... 36

Fuck.+

Just everything about her; her smile, her face, her voice, her body, her everything. She's... amazing. Every second I spend with her feels like heaven. Whether we're just speaking, having crazy and intimate sex, or just watching each other... it's heaven.7

I love her so much. I really do. I want to tell her tonight. I'm not scared anymore.32

"I have an idea" She says while taking a sip of her wine "We should play 21 questions"+

"What's that?"+

"We get to ask each other questions"+

I laugh amused "I'm pretty sure we're past that stage though. That's supposed to happen when we didn't know each other that well"+

"Well it would've if you weren't such a dick to me" She retorts.+

"You want me to stick my dick in you?" I gasp acting like I didn't hear her and she scowls in response unamused "I'm kidding. Okay, let's do it"27

She swallow what was in her mouth before clapping her hands enthusiastically "First question... what did you think of me? Like the first time we met"+

I should've knows she'd ask such.2

"I thought you were a goody-two-shoes and that you were annoying. I did think you were pretty hot though, still are" I wink.10

She tseks amused "Okay fair enough"+

"What did you think of me?" I enquire curiously. I've always wanted to ask her this question but it always slips my mind.+

"Mostly that you were hot" She giggles and I smirk. Knew it. "Then you opened your mouth and I realized you were a rude jerk, still are" She winks mimicking me.13

I laugh loudly, throwing my head back "Such lies! You know I'm a sweetheart to you now, Chelsea-Anne. I deserve a boyfriend of the year award"3

"Yeah right" She snorts.+

I raise an unhappy brow "Babe..."2

"Okay, okay" She grins widely, her blue eyes shining that I'm slightly captivated "You do. You're a really good boyfriend. I'm a lucky chap"14

I smirk "Thought so"+

"Next question... uhm, why did you decide for us to be friends?" +

I hum thoughtfully, trying to remember. It feels like such a long time ago "Okay, so when you went home for that exam break, I realized that I missed your presence so I was just like fuck it. It was always inevitable though"1

"Told ya" She says arrogantly.+

"Why did you want to be friends with me so badly anyways?" I ask.+

"Well unfortunately I'm a peoples pleaser so I just had to get you to like me. Plus I had a point to prove, Chambers" She says and I signal for her to continue "Which is that I'd break through that tough demeanor of yours"9

I shake my head amused "Well done"1

"Are you glad that I did?" She asks, her voice suddenly soft as she twirls her pasta around her fork.+

"Of course. I could write a whole speech about how sucky my life would be without you"4

"Tell that to Nick" She jokes regaining her confidence. 1

"We owe him, don't we?" I laugh thinking about that annoying fucker.+

Chelsea-Anne giggles before turning serious "We really do, Kyle, and all we do is pull pranks on him. We're the worst. We should spend more time with him. Alone"4

"I did the other time" I defend.+

She gives me a dry look "Only because you were mad at me and avoiding me"+

"But still. Plus, he's always busy with that Avery girl. I don't really think he minds that much"+

"Maybe" She hums looking thoughtful.+

"Yeah so stop thinking about Nicholas and think about me" I basically whine.7

She smiles "You know I always am"1

"Really?" I can feel my eyes twinkle.+

She laughs at me "Yes, duh. Isn't it obvious, mister?"+

"And what do you think about?"+

"Kyle, we're not getting sexual at a freaking restaurant" She shrieks, her face slightly turning red and I laugh.+

"Oh so you think sexual things?"+

She tries to scowl at me but ends up laughing "Not all the time"+

"But most of the time?" I tease further.+

She flushes, giving herself away and I laugh even more as she shoves a fork in her mouth so she has an excuse not to reply "You know what? We don't need to be having this conversation, I'm eating"+

"Maybe when we get home, you can tell me exactly what you think about" I suggest, dropping my voice because I know she likes that.1

She raises a brow gulping "I don't think so"+

"We'll see" I challenge amused.+

She always tries to resist me but fails miserably. Sometimes she likes to play hard to get but it ends being her begging me to take her. I love that, drives me crazy.+

"So I can use the car?" I ask Kyle as I grab my purse and he's just watching me. 8

He likes watching me. He watched me get ready too, he looked so fascinated when I was doing my hair and make up that I couldn't help but laugh. Now we're just standing in the kitchen and I'm about to leave.12

He nods "Yeah"+

"You sure? You're not gonna need it?"+

"Nope. Nathan is coming over because we have to finish our review and shit. It's probably going to take the whole day" He says.+

"Okay, I'll be back" I kiss his cheek.+

"No, you're not leaving here without giving me a proper kiss" He demands and I giggle but lay my lips on his happily before he pulls back after a while "Okay... I love you"23

I don't think I'll ever get used to that. He made sure to tell me a thousand more times last night before we fell asleep, and it still feels like the first time. +

I blush immediately "I love you too"+

He smiles at me and pecks me one more time "Go before I decide to keep you here all to myself the whole day"+

"Nick would not like that" I giggle.+

"Do I care? By the way, you look gorgeous"+

I kiss him one more time before grabbing the car keys "Thank you. Bye, Chambers"+

"Bye. Don't be late." He bids as I exit.14

Nick and I decided to meet up for lunch. We really haven't had one-on-one time in forever so I suggested it and he was happy. I actually really miss the guy, I guess we've just been preoccupied lately. +

I actually can't believe how happy I am today. I feel like I'm walking on clouds or something. Everything in my life is just falling into place and I couldn't be more grateful. My family is good, my friends are good... don't even get me started on my boyfriend. He's amazing. I love the fact that I can tell him I love him anytime I please now instead of holding back, because God knows I've been dying to. Last night was just so surreal that I can't help but play it back and smile like an idiot.23

Sigh.2

Nick asked me to go pick him up because something happened to his car that he wouldn't tell me. Probably something stupid, knowing Nicholas. I hoot when I get to his building and he comes out almost immediately, with his usual bright smile.2

Okay, I really miss him.+

He's wearing black sunglasses and he looks so cool. His curly hair looks a bit wet, and he's rocking black jeans, simple white T-shirt and black Vans.7

"Little Chels" He greets plopping enthusiastically on the passenger seat and I grin at him.+

"Nicky boy"1

We both just start laughing "So.. let's do this" He announces as he buckles his seatbelt and I start the car before driving away.+

"I missed you" I say.+

He grins "I missed you too. Kyle has been stealing you away from me but it's okay. He looks happy. So do you"+

"I know but I feel bad" I whine.+

"If it helps you feel better... I don't really care about that. I've been pretty occupied too"+

I snort "With Avery?"+

"Don't even start" He grumbles.+

"Come on" I laugh loudly amused "Just tell me. You know we used to have these conversations, Nicky"+

"We're just friends" He says.2

I tut "Friends that spend so much time together? I don't think so. Okay let me ask you this... do you still like Winnie?"+

He hums thoughtfully "I do?"+

"You sound pretty unsure to me" +

"I don't know" He sighs loudly "I haven't really had time to dwell on my feeling for her anymore, so I'm not sure"+

"Cause you've been busy with Avery"+

"You know what? You always complain about me being Dr Phil so I don't get why you're being Dr Phil" He complains.+

I laugh "Okay, I'll leave you Nicky"+

We carry on the ride just joking around until we reach the restaurant. Its the same one I came to when I was with Jake the other time. We are given a waiter and taken to our seats. +

"I'm definitely in a pizza mood" Nick says looking through his menu.1

"I'm craving fries. I already had enough Italian food"1

"When?" He asks confused.+

I blush "Kyle took me out on a date last night and I had pasta so yeah..."+

"A date?" He smirks.+

"Yes, a date" I shriek "What do you mean 'a date?', mister? You know he's my boyfriend, right?"2

He shrugs "I don't know. I guess I'm still not used to the fact that Kyle is actually cuffed. It's foreign."1

"Is that a bad thing?" I frown.+

"Of course not. He's with you; you can never be a bad thing. I like you two together. I did call it from the start" He states arrogantly.17

"Yeah yeah, whatever" I roll my eyes.+

"So what do you guys do the whole time? You know, since you live together?"3

Sex.22

I blush at my thoughts "I don't know. We speak, watch movies, anything really"+

"I think you're forgetting something"+

"What?"+

He just starts to laugh "I know you know what it is, little Chels. Just spill it out"+

"I don't know what you're talking about" I lie.+

He smirks shaking his head at me "Fine, I'll leave you alone, little ex-virgin"6

"Stop it" I shriek.+

"Kyle's taking care of you, right?" He ask suddenly serious.1

I nod taken aback "Yeah. Why?"+

"I don't know. Sometimes I worry. I'm scared he doesn't know what he's doing or something. But I can imagine he's pretty good with you"14

He's so cute.+

I smile at him "You really have nothing to worry about, I can assure you"+

"Good"+

A few minutes later, our waiter shows up to take our orders and our food arrives almost immediately. This is about to become my favorite restaurant. Quick service is very sexy.12

"Nicky..." I trail, remembering something.+

He looks up at me "Yeah"+

I bite my lip thoughtfully, contemplating if I should bring it up before deciding to "We haven't really had a one-on-one since you told me about your mom. Are you okay?"+

Kyle's POV1

"You filled in the wrong details, dumbass" Nathan tseks watching my paper.+

"No I didn't" I argue.+

He sighs loudly "The name of the company we went to on Tuesday was 'Copper Industries' not fucking 'Copper Incorporated'" He tells me pointing at my mistake.3

"Man, whatever" I groan fixing it.+

"What's wrong with you? You seem distracted" He asks putting the pencil down.+

"I'm just uneasy about Chelsea-Anne going out without me. My dad has been relentless lately. He sent me a contract this week" I say. 6

I didn't tell Chelsea-Anne because I don't want her to worry. He's been sending me contracts to work for him none stop since the accident that he caused thinking I'd finally give in. 4

"Again, man?" Nathan's eyes widen.+

I nod sighing "Yeah. I don't know. She's with Nicholas, right? Nothing bad can happen"4

"Yeah" He reassures.+

I hum deep in my thoughts. I'm always uneasy when she goes out without me but today it's worse for some reason. Maybe I'm being paranoid. I mean, Zach would warn me if anything were to happen. But I think dad has been shutting him out lately. The man can read through people like a magazine so I'm pretty sure he can tell that Zach is half-assed right now so he's not telling him shit.+

Great.+

"If it helps you feel better" Nathan says putting a hand on my shoulder and getting my attention "My dad is getting his parole hearing this weekend"3

My eyes widen surprise "For real?"+

"Yeah... he might be released" Nathan breathes running a hand through his hair.+

"Woah, that's fucked up man"+

"Just as long as he stays away from us. I'll really kill him, Kyle, if he tries anything"4

Woah.+

"Maybe he'll come back a better person. I've heard jail humbles the fuck out of people. Just calm down" I assure.1

He shrugs "I don't know"+

"Man, what's up with us and fucked up fathers?" I laugh, trying to make the mood lighter.11

He laughs "It's a wonder we're not fucked up"+

"Well, we are semi-fucked up" I muse "Aren't you always the one involved in fights? Especially for your girl?"+

He laughs nodding "Yeah, that's me. Aren't you the one who treated your girl like shit at first?"+

"Unfortunately" I snort.+

"How are you two anyways?" He asks after we've laughed for a good two minutes.+

"Good. Really good" I can't help but smile.+

He smirks, waggling his eyebrows and I already know what he's going to ask "Yeah? And how's the sex?"1

Knew it.1

"Fucking crazy"+

He laughs loudly "Oh shit, dude. You're so whipped. Remember when I said Chels wasn't all too innocent? You get it now, huh?"+

"She's still innocent, just not in my bed" I laugh smacking his head.3

The guy can't stop laughing.+

Thinking about sex with Chelsea-Anne might just get me hard so I seriously need to stop. God, I can't believe how much I actually miss her right now.+

"How was the date last night? You were stressing like crazy over it" He asks after he's sobered up.+

I smile remembering "It was perfect"+

"Perfect?" He raises a brow "Damn, I've never heard you use that word."+

"Well it was"+

"Mhm, I have a feeling something big happened. Wanna enlighten me?" He trails, seeing right through me. I don't know how he does that.+

"Well... I may or may not have told her that I was in love with her"+

"What?" He booms looking shell shocked "Love? Dude, you never even told me this"3

I snort "Yeah. Cause I love her, not you"39

"This is big, you know?" He says "It takes a real man to tell his girlfriend that he's in love with her. I'm proud of you man. Mostly that I've now confirmed that you're not actually a robot because I had my doubts"7

This causes me to laugh "Shut up"+

"I know you've loved Chels for a long time but I'm proud that you told her too" He praises and I'm half-way blushing so I punch his chest so he can stop "What'd she say?"+

"Started bawling her eyes out. I was so scared. I thought she'd say she didn't feel the same but luckily she does" I laugh thinking about it.+

That was the scariest moment of my life.13

"Girls are so weird" He snorts.21

I nod, fully agreeing. Last night was too good honestly. Those words coming from her mouth did indescribable things to my heart. I was so happy, I almost started crying. I don't think I'll ever get tired of hearing her say 'I love you'. Hell I don't think I'll ever get tired of saying that either. It feels so right. 2

I know I downplay it but it was really a big deal for me. I'd never said those words to any other girl before, mostly because I didn't believe in love in the first place. My parents didn't really do a good job at demonstrating it to me either so yeah. Anyways, Chelsea-Anne made me believe in it and I can't actually believe what I'd been missing out on. I really do love her. Only God and I know just how much.8

"How are you and Kathrine?" I ask instead because I'm tired of smiling like an idiot thinking about my girlfriend.+

Nathan sighs "She's mad at me"+

"What did you do now?" I roll my eyes holding back a laugh.+

"So here's what happened. I logged onto my Instagram on her phone because mine was acting up for some reason. Anyways I forgot to log out which means she's been receiving my DMs from thirsty girls"6

I laugh "What? What were they saying?"+

"Things like 'you're so hot' or 'can I spend the night with you'." I can't stop laughing, this is too good. "Dude, it's not funny. Obviously she didn't see my responses and I told her that I shut those girls off but she doesn't believe me so yeah" He finishes flustered.+

"Why would you not log out?"+

"I forgot" He excuses incredulously, shooting daggers at me "I don't know. I'm just a bit frustrated cause she's not talking to me either"+

"Oh shame" I mutter. +

"Dude, she just doesn't trust me. She doesn't even try to hide it. I don't like that" He says frustrated as he runs a hand down his face.2

"You don't exactly have the cleanest record when it comes to girls" I shrug awkwardly.2

"Oh and she does?" He scoffs.8

"Let me fucking go!" I scream as loud as I can squirming as the guy tries to tie me to the chair again.+

"Stop moving" He hisses.+

I don't stop; I kick around, I scream, I fight. If I'm dying, I'm gonna die trying. I'm done crying and feeling weak. I'm a strong girl, I'm going to fight.42

"Fuck, someone come help me with this one" The guy yells through the door.+

Good.+

A second later another guy walks in, who's as big as this one.+

"You're struggling with this tiny thing?" He asks the other one.+

"Shut up, Keith. She's clawing at me like a fucking bear. Help me out and stop speaking so fucking much" He snaps.3

'Keith' looks at me before shaking his head "Stay still little kitten"12

Kitten.1

"Don't call me that" I bite.+

He laughs harshly "I'll call you anything I want. And don't talk to me like that. I could break you like a twig right now"9

This shuts me up.+

They manage to tie me down again, with me fighting way less because Keith keeps giving me scary ass glares. What? He's scary.+

"That's how you deal with a bitch" He says arrogantly.10

I bite my tongue.+

"Fuck you" The other guy curses.+

"Do you guys know Kyle?" I ask suddenly.+

Keith gives me a weird look "Why are you asking us that?"+

"Because I want to know"+

"Yes we do" The other guy replies "We've known him since he was a little boy. We're loyal workers of his father"+

He's the nice one.2

"Why does his father want to harm him?"+

"Because he thinks he's better than us. He thinks he's too good to be in a gang like us. Now shut up and stop asking useless questions" Keith hisses "You know he's still not up, thanks to you"3

I can't help but smirk.+

"Oh this is funny?" He taunts and I quickly wipe the smirk off my face "I hope it'll be just as funny when he blows your brains out because we all know Kyle is not signing that contract."+

I gulp scared.+

"I'm hungry" I say instead.5

"So what? We're leaving" Keith dismisses me and shoots a look at the other guy "Lets go, Daniel"+

That's his name.+

"She's hungry"31

"So the fuck what? Our job is to make sure she doesn't escape, not fucking feed her" He retorts brashly.1

Daniel sighs giving me an almost apologetic look. He's so sweet (kind of).20

"Let's fucking go" Keith hisses.+

Then they both leave. Great.+

I really hope Kyle is coming soon because I'm about to lose my sanity in here. I'm literally just tied to a chair in an empty room. Who the fuck does that? I want to go home. I groan loudly, trying to break free from these stupid ropes but it obviously does work. They hurt so bad. Everything does.4

"Well well well, alone at last" 2

It's Bones. Oh god, his voice is so chilling and horrible. Those tattoos are so scary.3

I squirm "Leave me alone"+

He comes in, a huge menacing grin on his face, and takes a seat on the chair opposite me that Mr Chambers was sitting on a while ago.+

"You sure are a fighter, kitten" He praises.9

I bite my tongue, not wanting to give him the satisfaction of getting a reaction from me.+

"Are you glad to see me again?" He asks and I keep quiet. He growls loudly, looking annoyed "I expect an answer when I ask you something. I said are you glad to see me again?"+

I gulp "No"+

"Good, you shouldn't be" He smirks devilishly, looking at me like I'm his prey "I've been dying to get my hands on you"24

Oh god no.+

"Don't touch me" I croak.+

"Don't touch you?" He laughs bitterly craning his neck "Remember when your little boyfriend punched me because of you? We can call it even after this"6

I feel tears escape my eyes. I'm so scared. God, can he please not put his dirty hands on me.+

"Please don't touch me" I beg.6

"Aww" He coos grinning "The little kitten is scared. I won't hurt you. Matter of fact, I have a feeling we'll both enjoy this"3

"No, please" I cry.+

He stands up and I shut my eyes, the hot tears running faster and rapidly down my face. Please God. Please. I feel his hand touch my jacket-covered shoulder and I flinch.4

"How about we take this off?"45

"No, please" I croak, my voice shaky.+

He laughs and I feel his cigarette breath closer to me. I don't want to open my eyes. I don't want to see his disgusting face. I don't want him to see just how scared I am.+

"I think we should" He coaxes.+

I start to squirm but there's not really much I can do because both my feet and hands are tied. I feel him taking it off and I start to sob to the point that I feel like throwing up.5

This is not happening to me.+

"What the fuck are you doing?"48

Bones stops immediately and I open my eyes to see a very familiar faces shooting daggers at him. It's Zach. I don't whether to feel relieved or not. What if he's on his father's side on this one? I can't be too sure.7

"What are you doing here?" Bones bites back moving away from me and I let out the breath I had been holding in.+

"This is my father's place" He retorts.+

"You're not supposed to be here"+

"So the fuck what? Do you want me to tell my father what you were about to do? Get the fuck out of here, you sick bustard" Zach bites and even though he's not speaking to me, I feel fear running down my spine.21

Damn, the Chambers men are scary.3

Bones curses under his breath "Fine"+

And with that he walks away, much to my relief.+

"You good?" Zach asks walking closer to me and I nod "What happened here?"+

He grabs a tissue from his pocket and proceeds to wipe my face. I think he's on my side on this one. Thank god.15

"Thank you" I croak "Uhm, there was a roadblock just a few minutes before I reached the apartment and some officer told me to take another route. It was a deserted one and I was the only one there. I was about to take a turn but your father beat me to it then Bones dragged me with him, poisoned me and I ended up here" I explain.2

"So you think you can just betray me, Zachary?" Slap "After everything I've done for you?" Slap, slap, slap.60

Oh my gosh.+

The way Mr Chambers is beating Zach, you would swear it wasn't his son. After the whole bathroom thing a few minutes ago, some guards showed up and dragged us both to what I think is the main room. I'm tied to the chair ONCE AGAIN and I'm scared for my life. Zach is on his knees in pain.1

I witnessed him (still am) get the beating of his life and I couldn't stop crying. His dad started punching him, kicking him, slapping him, pushing him and now he's coughing out blood.23

I'm so scared.+

"Fuck you" He manages to hiss causing his dad to punch his stomach and he groans loudly.5

Oh god.+

"So you two think you're smart huh?" Mr Chambers spits glaring between the two of us "Well done because now I'm fucking pissed" He looks to his son "He knows how I get when I'm pissed. Don't you, Zachary?"3

He's busy coughing and clutching himself.+

"Don't you, Zachary!?" His father booms.4

"Yes, fuck" He shouts back hissing in pain after and collapsing to the ground.+

Mr Chambers starts to move closer to me and I can feel my heartbeat quicken and my eyes start to water even more. He looks dangerous.+

"Did you think you could just knock me out and get away with it?" He hisses.+

I shake my head immediately "No"2

"What do you have that's so special, huh? Why do you have both of my sons acting like pussies? I did not fucking raise pussies!"31

"Nothing" I cry shaking.+

He shakes his head angrily before turning to his son, who I'm actually scared won't make it out of here alive.2

"So you've been working with your brother, Zachary? Plotting against me, have you?" He asks, weirdly calm that it's so unsettling.+

"Yes" He coughs.+

He looks horrible. His face is covered in blood, his eyes are half shut because of how swollen they are, his upper lip is busted open, and he's literally clutching his stomach in evident pain. He's even struggling to breathe.15

"I thought I was being paranoid" He laughs drily, loosening his tie "I saw Kyle driving a car that looked similar to yours but I thought 'no way, they don't even speak'. Guess I was fucking wrong" He laughs even more.+

"Yeah, you were" Zach taunts earning a slap, blood flying out and I shriek loudly.+

"Stop talking!" I yell at him.3

Why does he insist on angering his father? Does he want to fucking die?+

"Jesus, pick one. You can't have them both" His father says looking at me.67

Do I have the right to curse at him?12

"And are you really defending him, little girl? Did you forget all the things he did to you? Guess you're as stupid as I suspected" He tuts shaking his head at me.10

"I'm not as heartless as you" I utter.+

He laughs loudly "Having a heart never gets you anywhere. It's best you learn now"+

"Aren't you married?"+

"I didn't marry out of love; I married to have heirs. Guess I got that wrong too. One ran away, one is disrespectful and one betrayed me" He spits the last part shooting his eyes to his son who's literally fighting for his life.3

"So you don't love us?" Zach manages to ask.11

"What reason have any of you given me to love you, huh? Tell me!" He shouts angrily.3

"Fuck you! I've done so much for you" I start to see tears leave Zach's eyes and it's so heartbreaking. 18

I remember Kyle telling me how Zach always seeked for his father's approval only to find out now that it was never enough for him to actually love him. Poor guy. He ruined his life to satisfy his father and still...+

Jef laughs "It was good while it lasted"+

"I hate you. I always have" Zach spits "You'll pay for this. Take my word for it"+

"Oh really? And what are you going to do?" His father taunts darkly, crouching to look at him in the eyes "I could end your life right now if I pleased. You take my word for it"+

"It's fine" He laughs wheezing "But before I die I would like for you to know one thing... Riley is alive and you'll never see her"15

Jeez.+

"Bullshit" His father calls immediately.+

Zach starts to laugh so hysterically that I'm convinced he took too many hits in the head or something.1

"You couldn't find her for three fucking years. Looks like you're not so smart after all" He continues to laugh. His father slaps him.+

"Stop fucking lying" He hisses.+

"Ask Chelsea. She knows her" He utters in pain.14

Mr Chambers turns to me "What the fuck is he talking about? And you better not lie to me, little girl"+

"He's telling the truth" I say.+

He gets up slowly "What truth?"2

"Riley is alive. I know her. We all know, including your wife. She was actually in town a month ago. Guess you missed her"+

He doesn't say anything.+

"She has a child, a husband. A new life. She actually managed to escape you. Aren't you proud?" Zach taunts "She's a lot smarter than you give her credit for, you know?"5

"Shut up" His father hisses.+

"Did you think I'd just start getting along with Kyle out of the blue? We're good now because I know he didn't get my sister killed- which is why I hated him in the first place- seeing as she's very much alive" He carries on smugly "I thought you were smarter than this, old man. Connect the dots"+

I think Jef does start to connect the dots.+

"You're telling the truth" He says in realization, his expression soft.3

Zach laughs hysterically "Duh"11

He truly is crazy.+

"My Riley-Jane is alive? She never died?" He asks dazedly; adoringly before his face quickly darkens "Where is she? Tell me now" He demands to his son.2

"I don't know" He lies.+

"Tell me" He snarls agitated.+

"I don't fucking know, Jesus. She anyways wouldn't want to see you"+

He turns to me "Do you know?"+

I shake my head quickly. I wouldn't want any of them in danger, especially Theo.+

His father smiles menacingly "Well guess what? We're not getting out of here until one of you tells me where my daughter is. You do and I'll let you go easily"+

"Chels, just sit please"+

I woke up in Nathan's room. I had forgotten for a good two seconds what had happened but then I dreadfully started remembering and I cried my eyes out again; angrily this time. I demanded for him to take me to the hospital, but that was a bit ridiculous because the time was 03:30. I didn't care. He promised that if I got more sleep then he would. I didn't put up a fight because I was honestly so exhausted.3

We got up in the morning (he had slept on the floor and me on the bed... obviously) and he demanded for me to have something to eat since I had no appetite. He then went to buy some things for me to freshen up; a towel and a toothbrush, and I did. I felt so gross so the shower did somewhat make me feel better. I scraped my skin so hard, trying to get ride of all their disgusting hands on me. I got dressed in Kat's clothes which are in his room. They're a bit big on me but I don't care. We then started making our way to the hospital.23

I hadn't cried the whole morning, because I'm honestly convinced that I'm all out of tears. I remember crying so much last night that I actually passed out. That's got to be a record.+

"Sit and stop pacing" Nathan coaxes.3

We're the only ones in the hospital so far. They told us that they had informed his mother so she should be on a her way right now. I don't know if the others know yet.+

"No" My voice is still hoarse. I got a look at my reflection in the bathroom and it's not pretty. My eyes are puffy and swollen, my face is all red even after the shower. I just look so horrible and exhausted.+

"You're gonna wear yourself out"+

"I can't sit, Nathan, not until I know that Kyle is okay, okay?" I feel my voice break at the end and get caught in my throat.+

Spoke too soon. I still have tears.+

"Okay, I'm sorry" His arms are around me.7

I cry on his shoulder, my heart and soul aching so painfully right now. I've never ever felt like this in my whole life.+

"He's gonna be okay, right?" I sniff, wiping my face and detangling myself from him.+

Nathan nods softly "Of course he is"+

I finally sit, my legs shaking in suspense. When is the damn doctor going to get here? I need Kyle to be okay. Please.+

It's a while later when I see the waiting room door open and I look up slowly, since my face was in my hands on my knees. I think I was actually starting to fall asleep.+

"Riley?" She's the first one I notice before my eyes move "Mrs Chambers"+

They're here.+

I get up immediately, not being able to help myself, and throw myself at Riley. I'm more familiar with her.+

"Chels" She coos holding me tightly against her. Her voice is hoarse signaling that she was crying too and I know she must have an idea.2

I move so I'm looking at her as I feel more hot tears run down my face.+

"Sit, sweetie" Mrs Chambers beckons. We all do that, them sitting opposite me. "Sorry I'm late. I had to go pick up Riley at the airpot. They didn't really tell me much"+

I sniffle "It's okay"+

"I'll give you guys some privacy" Nathan announces awkwardly, getting up.+

"Thank you" I nod up at him softly.+

And then he leaves.+

"Chels?" Riley gets my attention again because I was momentarily distracted "Do you want to tell us what happened? I just heard that he was shot and-" She starts to cry.+

Oh no. I'm gonna cry too. Again.+

"Mr Chambers" I utter, my throat sore "He shot him."+

"My husband?" His wife gapes, tears streaming down her face immediately. She has no make-up on today, I noticed, but she still looks beautiful. They both do. +

I nod "Yes. And Zach's here too"+

"Oh my god" She breaks, hiding her face in her hands.+

"He got arrested" I say after a while.+

I can see Riley force a smile softly "He deserves it for putting both my brothers here. Are you okay, though Chels?"3

"No" I reply honestly "It all happened in front of and I-. I was so scared"+

Mrs Chambers comes to my side immediately and embraces me "I'm so sorry, sweetie. You don't deserve any of this. My husband is a bad person and he deserves anything that's going to come his way"4

I cry softly against her, the memories of last night coming back. That loud and excruciating 'bang' sound. Kyle collapsing to the floor in slow motion and all the blood. God. His weak face as he tried to hold on. That's the only one that keeps replaying in my head and I don't know why. +

"They'll both be okay. I raised fighters. My boys will fight this" Mrs Chambers chants.17

"Yeah" Riley agrees.+

"I hope"+

We all stay silent for a while "Uh, Chels. I don't want to bring you back there but do you think you'd be able to tell us exactly what happened last night? Like everything" Riley asks softly, wiping her and her mother's face.+

"It's okay" I croak.+

And so I tell the painful story, from when I dropped Nicholas off to being tied up to almost escaping- to watching Zach being beat to a pulp, all the conversations in between including how Zach told his father about Riley and him wanting to know where she was and then finally to me begging for Kyle to hold on and not leave me. It felt like I was reliving it all and it was honestly so horrible.1

By the end, they're both crying. Anger, sadness, empathy written all over their faces.+

"When did he get so bad?" His wife begs desperately, clutching the tissue hard between her hands.6

"He always has, mom" Riley replies.+

"I'm sorry" I utter.+

"Sweetheart, you have nothing to be sorry about. I'm sorry that you and my sons had to go through that" She cries.+

"It's okay" I rub her back.+

It's quiet, except for all the sniffing and coughing, until the door opens again. I sit up immediately when I see a doctor.+

Please be good news.+

"Hello, everyone" He greets. We all croak back a hello "Uh, so there are two Chambers currently in my care" He announces before looking to their mother "Are they both yours, ma'am?"+

"Uh yes" She nods quickly.+

"The one is still unconscious but the other one is up"+

"Which one?" I ask before I can stop myself. +

"Kyle Chambers" He reads off his paper and I feel relief almost immediately, my heart feeling lighter.41

"Oh thank God" Riley and her mom praise in unison "Can we go see him?" Riley pleas desperately, already getting up.6

"Yes but only two at a time"+

They look to me I dismiss them "You two go first. I'll go when you're back" I reply.5

He's sleeping again.10

I think they put something in his drip because he keeps waking up and falling back asleep in literally a number of seconds. One minute we're having a conversation and the next I'm waiting for an answer only to hear soft snores above me.1

My poor baby.1

Today is day three in the hospital and day two of him being up. Most of yesterday consisted of people visiting him. Nick, Winnie and Kat came as soon as they could, while Nathan and I were still in. Winnie broke down crying because she couldn't believe what had happened. Nick was trying his hardest not to. It was really heartbreaking to watch. We were 'kicked out' for a few hours because he had to go for some scans but we came back as soon as visiting hours were back on. The doctors aren't too strict with us.+

I wanted to sleep at the hospital with Kyle but Riley and his mom thought it was a bad idea (we were the last to leave). Kyle and I thought it was a good idea but apparently our opinions don't matter. Anyway, Mrs Chambers insisted on dropping me off and I slept at Winnie's because I was going to miss Kyle too much if I slept at ours. I woke up at an ungodly hour and started freshening up. I may or may not have stolen Winnie's car. I was already at the hospital again by 04:45. I had to beg the doctors to let me and luckily they did. He was still sleeping so I creeped carefully into his bed and started sleeping too since I was also tired.+

I got up before him again and scrolled through the hospital Netflix to settle on rewatching Friends. He woke up a few minutes after and started kissing me. We spoke, he slept then woke up again, and that's just kind of how it's been for the past five hours or so.14

"Hi" I hear a whisper.+

I almost fall off the bed at that sudden voice which does not belong to Kyle. I turn to my side to see his young nurse that I'm not too fond of watching me weirdly.+

"Yes?" I reply.+

"Uh, do the doctors know you're here? I don't think you're supposed to be"+

I basically scoff "Yes they do"4

"Okay, I'm just making sure. Don't put too much pressure on his chest. That's where his operation was"+

"I know"+

I can see her roll her eyes "Okay, I have to wake him up for his meal now"28

"Just bring it, I'll help him"+

She looks like she wants to say something but luckily doesn't before shooting me a look and walking out.5

I start to shake Kyle softly so he can wake up "Babe?" I try but it doesn't work. I shake him harder and he starts to squirm under me.1

"Morning" He greets groggily and I sit up so he can too as he rubs his knuckles to his eyes before letting out a loud yawn and stretching "What episode are we on?"+

"We?" I laugh "You were sleeping"+

I climb off the bed and sit on the chair next to him just so he has more space.+

"It's the drugs" He excuses.+

"Okay well your nurse is about to come with your food. You're hungry, right?"+

He shrugs "I guess"+

"Okay"+

He gets up suddenly. He can walk. He can actually do everything, I saw it yesterday. I'm just glad he wasn't too physically hurt in any of this. He's wearing blue hospital clothes- which basically look like pajamas- and they make him look so cute. 3

"What are you doing?" I question.+

"Well I have to brush my teeth first" He replies and I notice that he's walking to the basin on the side of the room. He grabs a toothbrush, which I'm guessing was provided by the hospital because I didn't bring him one, and starts brushing his teeth slowly.5

I'm just smiling like an idiot for some reason.+

He finishes the same time that the nurse walks in, before walking to his bed and sitting up.+

"Oatmeal and then some toast, eggs and bacon for strength" She announces "Tea too"+

She puts everything carefully on the table dangling over his bed and pushes it closer to him. I hear him mutter a small 'thanks' but she still doesn't move.4

"Bye, you can go now" I dismiss.64

She seems to snap back to reality, instead of ogling my boyfriend, before huffing and walking away.+

Kyle laughs almost immediately "Babe, you need to calm down"8

"I don't like her" I grumble standing.19

He just shakes his head "Possessive much?"13

"Hush" I deadpan rolling my eyes at him "Do you need help or are you good?"1

"I'm good. Want some?"+

I nod immediately and he laughs "I didn't exactly eat"+

"I don't like that" He scolds.2

"Sorry, I was distracted. Plus I had to steal Winnie's car before she woke up or something"+

"I would complain over the fact that you skipped your classes today and yesterday but I did the same when you were in the hospital so I'll let it slide" He says.5

I grin "Good, cause I wouldn't care"+

The others promised they'd be here as soon as their classes were over for today.+

We both start to eat, with me eating more than him but he doesn't seem to mind because he doesn't have that much of an appetite anyway. 4

"Any updates on Zach?" He asks softly when we're done.+

"Still not up" I frown.5

His face looks deflated "Okay"+

I kiss his cheek quickly "He'll be fine. Your mom and Riley should be here any minute. Visiting hours start soon"+

"They'll kill you if they find out how long you've been here" He tseks shaking his head.+

I snort "They don't have to"+

"Okay, give me a kiss before they get here"+

I grin but stand up so I'm hovering over him and lean down quickly to lay my lips on his. The kiss is slow, sending butterflies to my stomach, but it heats up slightly as I hold his face between my hands and he grips my hips tightly. I breathe contently into his mouth and I feel him smile against me as we continue for a few more seconds.1

"Weak, can't breathe" He pulls back wheezing.4

I laugh sitting again, kind of guilty "Sorry, got carried away there"+

"Yeah you did" He teases, grey eyes shining.+

"Hush, Chambers" I scold jokingly and grab the remote "Lets watch one more episode"+

He agrees and scoots for me to lay next to him and I do just that happily.+

***+

"Theo!"1

It's an episode later and my eyes widen at the sight. There was a knock on the door and I noticed Riley and Mrs Chambers, but my eyes travelled down and I saw a tiny little thing standing all by himself.10

I get up from the bed at a speed I can't even comprehend before running to them.+

Theo laughs loudly "Ga-ga"5

⚠️ mature content ahead ⚠️64

***+

Kyle's POV.+

So the last five days have been a lot, to say the very least.+

From having my girlfriend kidnapped, to seeing her all tied up like a fucking prisoner, to watching my brother fight for his life, to being shot by own fucking father and then finally to be on this stupid hospital bed feeling helpless.+

Luckily I'm getting discharged today.2

I'm just so grateful for Chelsea-Anne. She's made these last few days more bearable than they actually were. Her presence is just enough for me. Having her visit me the whole time and laying with me is just a bonus, even though I basically begged her to. I just always want her around me. She makes everything so much better.+

I'm grateful for my family too; mom and RJ... oh and Theodore now. He came to visit me again today and I couldn't stop grinning like an idiot while we 'played'. He's just so precious... I can't describe how happy and light-hearted I felt when I saw him for the time two days ago. I never knew a baby could evoke those types of feelings in me. I felt joy... and pride. That's my nephew. My sister made him. I've never felt like that before. I can't wait till Zach meets him.18

Speaking of... he's still not up.2

I guess Jefferson and his goons really did a number on him. I knew it looked bad, but I didn't know it was enough to knock him out for so long. I just hope he'll be okay... I genuinely do. I may not like him, but I love him. He's my brother, it's kind of inevitable. Plus, I could see him getting better as a person. Chelsea-Anne told me about how he went the extra mile just to help her, because he wanted to and not because he wanted something in return. The old Zach would never. I guess he really did do all those things because of our father and because of the anger he felt about RJ.2

My mom's fetching me from the hospital.+

"Are you ready?" That nurse enters my room as I wait.8

I've just taken a shower and I'm wearing my clothes, ready to leave this place.+

I nod absentmindedly "Yeah"+

"So, uh, I really enjoyed being your nurse and all" She almost blushes, bashing her short lashes at me.114

The fuck? Is she flirting with me?2

"So?" I reply harshly.17

She visibly flinches and clears her throat "Nothing, uh, I was just saying. Was that your girlfriend who kept coming here?"32

"How is that any of your business?"8

I can definitely see why Chelsea-Anne didn't like her. She's not even trying to subtle. I'm actually starting to feel uncomfortable.1

"Uhm, I..."+

"Baby? You ready?"+

Thank goodness. I look to my mother who's waiting for me just outside the door probably coming back from signing my forms as I pick up my duffle bag.+

"Bye" The girl squeals but I ignore her.5

I exit the door and my mom envelops me into a tight hug.+

"You good?" We start to walk.+

I nod "Yeah"+

"Now why didn't you say goodbye to that girl? She looked nice" Mom asks.+

She's always been a bad judge of character.1

"She was annoying me" I reply.+

"This is about Chelsea, huh? You're immune to every other girl?" My mom laughs teasing me slightly "I'm proud. That's the way it should be"10

"Mom really?" I scowl.+

We reach my mom's car and we both enter before she starts to drive away.+

"Are you okay?" I ask her seriously. +

I mean her husband has been arrested, after shooting her son and injuring her other one. I can't even imagine.+

She shrugs, visibly swallowing a lump and it actually breaks my heart. I can see she's trying so hard to be strong.+

"I'm coping, baby" She says finally.+

"You don't have to" I say "You're allowed to feel like shit, mom. No one will blame you"+

"I know. I jus-" Her voice starts to break.+

This week has got to be a record of how many tears I saw. Chelsea-Anne was crying the whole time; happy and sad. RJ was too, I remember Winona also did, and then now mom. I guess it just means they care about me that much.7

Shit... I even cried.4

"I love you, mom" I look to her even though she's facing the road "I know I haven't showed it too much in the last years and you know why, but I do. I love you a lot"+

"I love you too" She croaks.+

"I want you to be okay"+

"I will, I promise you" She replies "It's not even your father being in prison that's got me like this. It's the fact that he hurt my boys. How could I let that happen? What kind of mother am I?" She cries wiping her tears quickly since she's driving.6

I feel my heart sink.+

"It's not your fault. I know how he is. You know how he is. There's nothing you could've done. But it's over now, mom. It's over"+

"I know" She sighs.+

"So what now? Are you gonna testify against him? You don't have to"+

"I want to" She says surprising me.+

I nod "Okay. The ball is in your court. And where to from here, mom? Didn't you get all your money from him? What are you going to do now?"+

"Oh baby" She laughs and I look at her confused "I bought shares at Montague Kitchen. I've been making my own money for a while"16

Woah.+

"Damn mom" I praise smirking.+

That explains why she always gets top-notch service when we're there. She owns a part of it. Wow, I'm really surprised.1

"So don't worry about me"+

I hum impressed "Okay..."+

"What about you? Are you going to be good? I feel like I don't even know anything about you"+

"Mom, I've been making my own money for the past two years. I'll be fine. I have a lot of money in my savings account. Plus, Jefferson already paid my full college tuition and he also has money for me in his savings too. It's just the small things" I assure.8

"Okay, good"+

"We'll be good, mom" +

She smiles glancing at me for a second "I know, my baby. I just need Zach to wake up"3

"Does it hurt?" I murmur rubbing on Kyle's bullet wound.3

"Not really"+

It's like a small circle, that looks patched up with his own skin. It doesn't look too painful but I was just curious. He's going to have that thing for the rest of his life now... a remind that his father shot him. +

"I'm still sorry" I frown.+

I feel him kiss my hair. +

We just took a shower after being sticky as hell with all that chocolate. Damn, that was fun. The taste of his skin and chocolate together was literally heaven. He couldn't stop groaning. The shower was even more fun... We were giggling like crazy and wiping each other clean. I may or may not have gotten carried away, anyway the next thing I know is that I was on my knees and making him lose his mind. We then made love again in the shower. That was new... and so so good.68

Yeah, we really missed each other.2

I lay on his chest and look up at him "So what do you want to do now?"+

"I'm tired. You wore me out" He winks.+

I blush immediately, giggling "Yeah, I think we got a tad bit carried away there"+

"I wouldn't mind doing it again though" He waggles his brows smirking and I blush even more and hit his chest "Ouch!"+

"Stop being dramatic" I roll my eyes.7

"What do you want to do?" He asks instead.+

I shrug looking at the clock next to his bed "Don't know. It's only 17:30 so I don't want to sleep just yet"30

"We can go for round 100" He suggests.9

"Absolutely not" I deadpan, fighting a giggle "I don't think having this much sex in one day is healthy for either of us"+

He scowls, already running his hand on my bare thigh. I'm only in his shirt and my underwear "Oh come on. It burns calories plus I missed you"+

"No" I giggle pointing a finger at him.+

"How was school yesterday?" He asks after a while of grumbling like a baby.+

"Fine. The others were worried about you"+

"I'm okay" He replies, massaging my hair "Anyway I spoke to my mom. She's the one who dropped me off"+

I thought Riley dropped him off.+

I look up interested "How is she?"+

"Not good but she's trying to act all strong and whatnot" He murmurs, his eyes soft "I don't like that but that's just how she's always been"+

I frown sadly "I hope she will be okay"+

"She said she's going with RJ"+

"Going? Where?" I ask confused.+

"Said she wanted some time away. Something about missing her daughter and being in love with her grandson, so she's going to stay with them for a while, I guess to make up for lost time too" 2

I hum thoughtfully "That's good, right?"+

"I guess" He trails "I don't really mind. I just want her to do whatever makes her happy"+

"I'm proud of you" I smile, caressing his cheek.+

He smiles too; softly "Yeah..."+

"I think I'm hungry now" I announce after a while of just basking in his warmth and comfort "Do you want some? I made Mac and Cheese earlier"1

"Yes please" He basically pleas.+

I just laugh before detangling myself from him reluctantly. He's just so comfortable! I see him get up too.+

"My shirt sure looks good on you"+

I turn back to see him admiring and I grin "Thanks. It smells like you"+

He looks amused "And what do I smell like?"+

"Like you" I drawl smiling and he raises a brow signaling for me to elaborate "I don't know... like a man. A nice smelling man whose name is Kyle Chambers. That's what you smell like"14

"Interesting" He laughs.+

"You smell like home" I confess blushing.+

He moves closer to me, his eyes shining "I like that. You smell like home too. My home"21

Aww.+

"Okay" I utter, biting my lip to prevent myself from grinning so hard. He rolls his eyes at my attempt of acting nonchalant.+

"Is that all I get?"+

I grin "No. Remember the shower?"+

His eyes darken immediately as he licks his lips and I throw my head back laughing "You can do that again if you like. You looked fucking sexy sucking-" 11

"Maybe later" I interrupt teasingly.+

He groans "Babe! Don't say things like that. Now I'm going to think about it the whole day"+

"Stop being a horn dog. Let's go eat"+

I take his hand and drag him with me. He follows behind, muttering incoherent words under his breath and I'm just laughing at him.+

"Where did you get the petals anyway?" I ask after we pass the bathroom. I can't believe he actually did that for me. He is so freaking cute sometimes.+

"I bought them last week"+

I raise a brow "For what?"+

"Well after I had confessed my feelings at our date, I was planning on using them after we got home. Kind of like how it turned out today, just a bit more prepared"+

"Oh" I drawl "I thought it was beautiful"+

"I know" He winks.+

I just roll my eyes at him before we finally enter the kitchen. I get the Mac and Cheese from the oven and dish up for the both of us before sitting next to him on the spinning chairs.+

"This is good" He hums eating.+

I smile "Thanks. I looked up some recipe online, because I wanted your first home-cooked meal in a while to be good"+

"Thank you" He grins widely kissing my cheek "I really was getting tired of all the hospital food"+

"Me too" I snort.+

"I really appreciate you spending all that time with me in there, you know? It means a lot. I know hospitals are not anyone's favorite place so yeah... thank you, baby" He looks at me, eyes shining.+

I blush "It was really nothing. You had Netflix and food. That's all I ever need"+

He laughs and we continue to eat.+

We're about to finish when I hear his phone ring. Speaking of... I managed to get mine back from the police station, since Bones had it. I also retrieved the car keys and I went to go pick up the car at that scary deserted road (a police car dropped me off). Yeah, I was pretty busy today.6

"Hi, RJ" Kyle replies and a second later his eyes are wide "He is? Are you serious?" He gets up suddenly "Okay, we're on our way"8

"What's happening" I ask confused.+

Chelsea's POV.+

"So Noah was at the hospital" I start off.1

Kyle and I are still lazily laying in bed. The rest of yesterday was mostly spent at the hospital. I left Kyle there eventually and I was already asleep by the time he came back.+

"Noah?" He trails confused.8

He's so forgetful sometimes. And I feel the need to tell him about it cause I wouldn't want him hearing it from anyone else.1

"My ex"+

He scowls almost immediately "That guy? How do you know he was there?"+

"Cause we spoke"+

"About what?" He utters slightly annoyed.+

I frown at his reaction "I don't know. I guess we were just clearing the air about everything that's happened"+

"I don't know, babe" He replies unimpressed.+

"Don't know what?" I basically accuse.+

"What was he even doing at the hospital? Is he like stalking you or something?"+

"No. He went with Jared. You know how Jared is friends with your brother? They went to go see him"+

Kyle hums "Fine. Just don't speak to him"1

"I wasn't going to" +

"I didn't say you were"+

I just laugh because we're both starting to get defensive "Whatever, dude"+

"I'm not your dude" He snorts.5

I giggle "Oh really? Then how come I just called you dude?"+

"Because you weren't aware that I'm not"+

"So what are you?" I challenge smiling.+

He crawls on top of so that he's now straddling me and I giggle, sinking into the pillow and wrapping my arms around his neck "I am your baby"2

I toy with his hair "Oh yeah?"+

"Yes" He whispers kissing my jaw "And I'm your daddy"108

I laugh loudly covering my mouth "My what?"+

"Your daddy" He smirks amused.+

"Yeah, I think not, Chambers" I deadpan giggling "I don't think that 'daddy' kink is for us"43

"Fine" He rolls his eyes.2

"You can be my baby" I grin toothily pulling his neck towards me to lay a kiss on his soft pink lips.+

"And...?" He presses.+

I bite my lip thoughtfully "And my best friend. And my partner in crime. And my favorite human being ever. And literally the love of my life"23

"Really?" He smiles widely.+

I nod, giggling at his expression "I promise. You can't tell Kat that I called you my favorite human ever though. I don't think she'll be too happy about that"2

He laughs "You're my favorite human too" +

"Oh I know, babe" I tease smugly, blushing.+

"I'll ignore that cockiness" He rolls his eyes amused "And you're also the love of my life. Not to mention, the only girl I've ever loved and the only one I'm ever planning on loving"9

I blush profoundly, getting slightly emotional at his confession "You promise?" I utter.+

He kisses my flaming cheek "I promise"+

"I also promise" I whisper pulling him down to kiss me. I sigh happily into his mouth and I run my hands through his soft hair. His one hand squeezes my waist gently under the blankets and the other is caressing my face. God, I'm so lucky to have him. He's so perfect.+

"The other day" He starts breathlessly after pulling back "Nathan was telling me about how he wanted to get a promise ring for Kathrine and I thought it was the dumbest thing. But now I kind of understand" He tells me.10

I smile interested "What did he say?"+

"He said it was a ring that signals that they'll stay together and stuff. It's a promise"+

"That's cute" I trail.+

"Would it be creepy if I got one for you?" He asks sheepishly; almost shy and I can't help but laugh at how freaking cute he is "Babe! I'm serious"12

I sober up as I feel my eyes soften "No. I think that would be so cute and I'd definitely love you for a hundred more years than I was planning on"+

"Very tempting" He teases "I'll take it"+

I grin widely, already imagining in on my finger. I know it's not a proposal ring but still, this is very exciting! I've never gotten a promise ring, and if I'm being honest I'm glad I never did. I've never loved a guy enough to actually think about accepting any kind of ring from him, even if I though I did. Kyle showed me what real love is, and whatever feelings I've ever had for any guy were definitely not love.6

"Kylie, you make me happy" I confess.4

"I wouldn't have it any other way" He kisses me and I respond almost immediately. I flip us over so that I'm now on top and I feel him groan against me.+

"So...?" I murmur moving to kiss his neck and I feel his hold on me tighten.+

"So what?" He utters breathlessly.+

I bite on his neck teasingly "Do you still want to be my daddy?"67

He moves my head immediately so I'm looking at him and I giggle at his flustered expression. His eyes have darkened and he looks very aroused at what I've just said. He feels aroused too. I bite my lip sheepishly, enjoying myself.+

"Say that again" He croaks.15

I smirk, trailing on his chest under me "I asked if you still want to be my daddy, cause I don't seem to mind that much right now, daddy" I have to stop myself from laughing because I want to sound seductive.+

It's actually nice to say.5

"You will be the death of me" He groans tortured, pressing himself on me.+

"I'll take that as a yes" I giggle, moving down to his neck again. He makes me call him daddy many, many, many times.+

Damn.+

***18

"Kathrine, you've never met him have you?" Kyle asks Kat.+

She shakes her head "No but he means something to you guys so I don't really mind. Plus he helped my bestie"7

I smile at her.+

We're all in the waiting room in Zach's hospital. Riley is still in and I think I'm next. I don't know if Kyle is going to come in with me or not. I don't really mind either; maybe Zach and I need some alone time.1

"Can we normalize few hospital gatherings after this please" Nick shudders dramatically causing us to laugh.1

We really should though. First I was in the hospital, then Kyle and Zach. Hopefully there will be none after this. The next time I want to see a hospital is if I'm giving birth or something. Actually even that doesn't sound fun.16

6 years later (Chels 25, Kyle 26)65

Chelsea's POV.+

***+

"Nicholas get out!"+

"What? I wanted to see you. You're not marrying me so there won't be any curse" He justifies smiling widely as he stares at me.19

All these year and he's still the same idiot.1

"Okay you got a look now go. Don't tell Kyle how I look" I scold smiling just thinking about my groom.+

"He already knows you're a beautiful bride, little wonderful Chels. The most beautiful" He replies brightly causing me to blush before he clicks his tongue "I still can't believe he didn't choose me to be the best man"15

I've always know he'd choose Nathan.+

"Nicky he loves you" I speak.+

"What the hell is Nicholas- a man- doing here!" My best friend screeches when she enters the decided make up room with her notepad.4

"I'm leaving, I'm leaving" He rolls his eyes before winking at me one more time.+

"Relax miss bridezilla who's not even the bride" I snort looking at myself in the mirror.3

Kathrine is more nervous than me somehow. She's the one breathing down everyone's necks and being all demanding. The caters, decorators, designers have had it up to here with her.2

"Hey, everything has to be perfect for my best friend" She kisses my cheek.2

I wrap an arm around her "I love you"+

"I love you too. Now where is your make up and hair lady? There is no time to play around" She hastily starts to clap her hands.+

And she's back.+

"She went to go get a few things"+

Kat grins "So when are you telling him?"84

"Uhm after" I blush already knowing what she's talking about "I'm nervous and excited at the same time"5

"This is all he's ever wanted. He's going to be so happy" +

"Me too" I trail.+

I found out I'm pregnant about a week ago and it's been taking all my willpower not to tell Kyle. He's been going on about putting a baby inside me forever so I already know he's going to be so happy. Hell I am too. I'm carrying the man of my dream's child. It doesn't get any better. Now put a wedding on top of that.23

I feel like a princess today. We're finally getting married. 7

It's been a journey, I'll tell you that. The best with obviously a few bumps because that's how life is. Went two years without seeing Nicholas, went three without seeing or speaking to Winnie. Kat and I stopped being friends at some point but one thing was always permanent: my perfect Romeo.58

Okay maybe not perfect but definitely all I've ever wanted. We've had our ups and downs too but it made us stronger than I could ever imagine. Fights, almost break-ups, insecurities, tears and a whole lot of drama. The good definitely overshadowed the bad though. We travelled the world, both successful, have everything we've ever wanted and just happy.8

After he graduated, him and Zach basically just took over one of his father's businesses after they cleaned it up and got rid of all the illegal activities. I guess that was always the plan seeing as he was a business major. They're co-bosses and my man makes a hell of a lot of money. They were even featured in Forbes and I've never been more proud of my boys. I make my own too- I'm a published author and blogger- but he definitely makes more than me. I love his flexible work hours the most; we have more than enough time for each and I wouldn't have it any other way.6

We obviously live together- like we always have. For a while we didn't though, it was a year because my publishing process was taking place on the other side of the country; that was kind of hard but we made it work. He would fly out to see me and I would do the same. It was only a year though and pretty soon things were back to normal in our amazing home.+

A lot of other things happened too.+

His father died two years ago; he got diagnosed with cancer in prison and died there. It was hard on Kyle; it was hard on all of them but he's okay now. We never even used to speak about his father but sometimes I could see he wanted to go to the prison and talk to him one last time after he found out about the cancer. Maybe he did and he just never told me. We all attended his funeral and only his ex-wife spoke. That was kind of that. All his children refused to but at least they were there.7

Riley has another child; another boy who is now 3. He's the sweetest little thing and him and Theo have the best relationship. Zach is in love. It's funny and cute but he really is. He fell for his assistant but hey I'm not judging- the man is very much happy and he deserves it.25

"Aunt Chels!" My favourite girl squeals when she sees me "You look so beautiful!"+

"Jordy!" I hug her tightly.+

"Where do you come from, missy?" Her mother asks grimacing because she's worried about her touching and ruining anything around since she's very much handsy.+

"From daddy" She smiles.3

Did I mention that Kat and Nathan have a 5 year old daughter? Jordy Isaacs is my absolute favorite and is as sassy as her mother. Kat fell pregnant the summer after everything- with a semester to go. It was hard on them and in the end they ended up separating but they're amazing co-parents. They only see each other when it's necessary or when Kyle and I want to spend time with our best friends. We try not to do it often because sometimes it gets awkward but usually when Jordy is there it's better. 322

I'm her godmother and Kyle is her godfather. Huh now we're actually about to be parents; the world is crazy. But anyway Nathan and Kat don't hate each other or anything, they're just not together and prefer it that way. Kat is even seeing some guy right now that I've yet to meet but she promised soon.67

Sometimes it's also hard, in regards to my loyalty. Kat is my best friend but so is Nathan- more so than ever. It was horrible at first (the process of their break up) because I felt like I was forced to pick sides and that's not what I wanted. Kat would tell me one thing but Nathan would tell me another. I didn't know who was wrong and both of them wanted me to blame the other. It was horrible but I'm glad it's over. Kyle had it easy because he would obviously take Nathan's side which led to some fights between us.2

"What is he doing?" I ask her.+

"Him and uncle Kyle and the other uncles are getting ready and they were talking about you" She giggles.1

"What did they say?"+

"Daddy said I can't tell you" She grin showing her missing teeth. The cutest thing ever.+

"Oh so it's like that Jordy?" I pout.+

Before she can say anything, my mom carrying my dress in a hanger cover and my make-up lady carrying the things she went to go fetch enter the room.+

"Finally" Kat says way too loud.+

"Let's get ready!" Mom claps excitedly.2

I can't wait to see everyone too. Dad and the family arrived today so I haven't seen them yet since I've been getting ready. Christian is very much a teenage boy and it's so funny. He is a handful on his parents but him and his sister- who is now 6 are very close and tag team them. Josie is well and amazing too; she and mom speak now. Weird but I'm not complaining. 13

"Does it hurt?" I murmur rubbing on Kyle's bullet wound.3

"Not really"+

It's like a small circle, that looks patched up with his own skin. It doesn't look too painful but I was just curious. He's going to have that thing for the rest of his life now... a remind that his father shot him. +

"I'm still sorry" I frown.+

I feel him kiss my hair. +

We just took a shower after being sticky as hell with all that chocolate. Damn, that was fun. The taste of his skin and chocolate together was literally heaven. He couldn't stop groaning. The shower was even more fun... We were giggling like crazy and wiping each other clean. I may or may not have gotten carried away, anyway the next thing I know is that I was on my knees and making him lose his mind. We then made love again in the shower. That was new... and so so good.68

Yeah, we really missed each other.2

I lay on his chest and look up at him "So what do you want to do now?"+

"I'm tired. You wore me out" He winks.+

I blush immediately, giggling "Yeah, I think we got a tad bit carried away there"+

"I wouldn't mind doing it again though" He waggles his brows smirking and I blush even more and hit his chest "Ouch!"+

"Stop being dramatic" I roll my eyes.7

"What do you want to do?" He asks instead.+

I shrug looking at the clock next to his bed "Don't know. It's only 17:30 so I don't want to sleep just yet"30

"We can go for round 100" He suggests.9

"Absolutely not" I deadpan, fighting a giggle "I don't think having this much sex in one day is healthy for either of us"+

He scowls, already running his hand on my bare thigh. I'm only in his shirt and my underwear "Oh come on. It burns calories plus I missed you"+

"No" I giggle pointing a finger at him.+

"How was school yesterday?" He asks after a while of grumbling like a baby.+

"Fine. The others were worried about you"+

"I'm okay" He replies, massaging my hair "Anyway I spoke to my mom. She's the one who dropped me off"+

I thought Riley dropped him off.+

I look up interested "How is she?"+

"Not good but she's trying to act all strong and whatnot" He murmurs, his eyes soft "I don't like that but that's just how she's always been"+

I frown sadly "I hope she will be okay"+

"She said she's going with RJ"+

"Going? Where?" I ask confused.+

"Said she wanted some time away. Something about missing her daughter and being in love with her grandson, so she's going to stay with them for a while, I guess to make up for lost time too" 2

I hum thoughtfully "That's good, right?"+

"I guess" He trails "I don't really mind. I just want her to do whatever makes her happy"+

"I'm proud of you" I smile, caressing his cheek.+

He smiles too; softly "Yeah..."+

"I think I'm hungry now" I announce after a while of just basking in his warmth and comfort "Do you want some? I made Mac and Cheese earlier"1

"Yes please" He basically pleas.+

I just laugh before detangling myself from him reluctantly. He's just so comfortable! I see him get up too.+

"My shirt sure looks good on you"+

I turn back to see him admiring and I grin "Thanks. It smells like you"+

He looks amused "And what do I smell like?"+

"Like you" I drawl smiling and he raises a brow signaling for me to elaborate "I don't know... like a man. A nice smelling man whose name is Kyle Chambers. That's what you smell like"14

"Interesting" He laughs.+

"You smell like home" I confess blushing.+

He moves closer to me, his eyes shining "I like that. You smell like home too. My home"21

Aww.+

"Okay" I utter, biting my lip to prevent myself from grinning so hard. He rolls his eyes at my attempt of acting nonchalant.+

"Is that all I get?"+

I grin "No. Remember the shower?"+

His eyes darken immediately as he licks his lips and I throw my head back laughing "You can do that again if you like. You looked fucking sexy sucking-" 11

"Maybe later" I interrupt teasingly.+

He groans "Babe! Don't say things like that. Now I'm going to think about it the whole day"+

"Stop being a horn dog. Let's go eat"+

I take his hand and drag him with me. He follows behind, muttering incoherent words under his breath and I'm just laughing at him.+

"Where did you get the petals anyway?" I ask after we pass the bathroom. I can't believe he actually did that for me. He is so freaking cute sometimes.+

"I bought them last week"+

I raise a brow "For what?"+

"Well after I had confessed my feelings at our date, I was planning on using them after we got home. Kind of like how it turned out today, just a bit more prepared"+

"Oh" I drawl "I thought it was beautiful"+

"I know" He winks.+

I just roll my eyes at him before we finally enter the kitchen. I get the Mac and Cheese from the oven and dish up for the both of us before sitting next to him on the spinning chairs.+

"This is good" He hums eating.+

I smile "Thanks. I looked up some recipe online, because I wanted your first home-cooked meal in a while to be good"+

"Thank you" He grins widely kissing my cheek "I really was getting tired of all the hospital food"+

"Me too" I snort.+

"I really appreciate you spending all that time with me in there, you know? It means a lot. I know hospitals are not anyone's favorite place so yeah... thank you, baby" He looks at me, eyes shining.+

I blush "It was really nothing. You had Netflix and food. That's all I ever need"+

He laughs and we continue to eat.+

We're about to finish when I hear his phone ring. Speaking of... I managed to get mine back from the police station, since Bones had it. I also retrieved the car keys and I went to go pick up the car at that scary deserted road (a police car dropped me off). Yeah, I was pretty busy today.6

"Hi, RJ" Kyle replies and a second later his eyes are wide "He is? Are you serious?" He gets up suddenly "Okay, we're on our way"8

"What's happening" I ask confused.+

Chelsea's POV.+

"So Noah was at the hospital" I start off.1

Kyle and I are still lazily laying in bed. The rest of yesterday was mostly spent at the hospital. I left Kyle there eventually and I was already asleep by the time he came back.+

"Noah?" He trails confused.8

He's so forgetful sometimes. And I feel the need to tell him about it cause I wouldn't want him hearing it from anyone else.1

"My ex"+

He scowls almost immediately "That guy? How do you know he was there?"+

"Cause we spoke"+

"About what?" He utters slightly annoyed.+

I frown at his reaction "I don't know. I guess we were just clearing the air about everything that's happened"+

"I don't know, babe" He replies unimpressed.+

"Don't know what?" I basically accuse.+

"What was he even doing at the hospital? Is he like stalking you or something?"+

"No. He went with Jared. You know how Jared is friends with your brother? They went to go see him"+

Kyle hums "Fine. Just don't speak to him"1

"I wasn't going to" +

"I didn't say you were"+

I just laugh because we're both starting to get defensive "Whatever, dude"+

"I'm not your dude" He snorts.5

I giggle "Oh really? Then how come I just called you dude?"+

"Because you weren't aware that I'm not"+

"So what are you?" I challenge smiling.+

He crawls on top of so that he's now straddling me and I giggle, sinking into the pillow and wrapping my arms around his neck "I am your baby"2

I toy with his hair "Oh yeah?"+

"Yes" He whispers kissing my jaw "And I'm your daddy"108

I laugh loudly covering my mouth "My what?"+

"Your daddy" He smirks amused.+

"Yeah, I think not, Chambers" I deadpan giggling "I don't think that 'daddy' kink is for us"43

"Fine" He rolls his eyes.2

"You can be my baby" I grin toothily pulling his neck towards me to lay a kiss on his soft pink lips.+

"And...?" He presses.+

I bite my lip thoughtfully "And my best friend. And my partner in crime. And my favorite human being ever. And literally the love of my life"23

"Really?" He smiles widely.+

I nod, giggling at his expression "I promise. You can't tell Kat that I called you my favorite human ever though. I don't think she'll be too happy about that"2

He laughs "You're my favorite human too" +

"Oh I know, babe" I tease smugly, blushing.+

"I'll ignore that cockiness" He rolls his eyes amused "And you're also the love of my life. Not to mention, the only girl I've ever loved and the only one I'm ever planning on loving"9

I blush profoundly, getting slightly emotional at his confession "You promise?" I utter.+

He kisses my flaming cheek "I promise"+

"I also promise" I whisper pulling him down to kiss me. I sigh happily into his mouth and I run my hands through his soft hair. His one hand squeezes my waist gently under the blankets and the other is caressing my face. God, I'm so lucky to have him. He's so perfect.+

"The other day" He starts breathlessly after pulling back "Nathan was telling me about how he wanted to get a promise ring for Kathrine and I thought it was the dumbest thing. But now I kind of understand" He tells me.10

I smile interested "What did he say?"+

"He said it was a ring that signals that they'll stay together and stuff. It's a promise"+

"That's cute" I trail.+

"Would it be creepy if I got one for you?" He asks sheepishly; almost shy and I can't help but laugh at how freaking cute he is "Babe! I'm serious"12

I sober up as I feel my eyes soften "No. I think that would be so cute and I'd definitely love you for a hundred more years than I was planning on"+

"Very tempting" He teases "I'll take it"+

I grin widely, already imagining in on my finger. I know it's not a proposal ring but still, this is very exciting! I've never gotten a promise ring, and if I'm being honest I'm glad I never did. I've never loved a guy enough to actually think about accepting any kind of ring from him, even if I though I did. Kyle showed me what real love is, and whatever feelings I've ever had for any guy were definitely not love.6

"Kylie, you make me happy" I confess.4

"I wouldn't have it any other way" He kisses me and I respond almost immediately. I flip us over so that I'm now on top and I feel him groan against me.+

"So...?" I murmur moving to kiss his neck and I feel his hold on me tighten.+

"So what?" He utters breathlessly.+

I bite on his neck teasingly "Do you still want to be my daddy?"67

He moves my head immediately so I'm looking at him and I giggle at his flustered expression. His eyes have darkened and he looks very aroused at what I've just said. He feels aroused too. I bite my lip sheepishly, enjoying myself.+

"Say that again" He croaks.15

I smirk, trailing on his chest under me "I asked if you still want to be my daddy, cause I don't seem to mind that much right now, daddy" I have to stop myself from laughing because I want to sound seductive.+

It's actually nice to say.5

"You will be the death of me" He groans tortured, pressing himself on me.+

"I'll take that as a yes" I giggle, moving down to his neck again. He makes me call him daddy many, many, many times.+

Damn.+

***18

"Kathrine, you've never met him have you?" Kyle asks Kat.+

She shakes her head "No but he means something to you guys so I don't really mind. Plus he helped my bestie"7

I smile at her.+

We're all in the waiting room in Zach's hospital. Riley is still in and I think I'm next. I don't know if Kyle is going to come in with me or not. I don't really mind either; maybe Zach and I need some alone time.1

"Can we normalize few hospital gatherings after this please" Nick shudders dramatically causing us to laugh.1

We really should though. First I was in the hospital, then Kyle and Zach. Hopefully there will be none after this. The next time I want to see a hospital is if I'm giving birth or something. Actually even that doesn't sound fun.16

6 years later (Chels 25, Kyle 26)65

Chelsea's POV.+

***+

"Nicholas get out!"+

"What? I wanted to see you. You're not marrying me so there won't be any curse" He justifies smiling widely as he stares at me.19

All these year and he's still the same idiot.1

"Okay you got a look now go. Don't tell Kyle how I look" I scold smiling just thinking about my groom.+

"He already knows you're a beautiful bride, little wonderful Chels. The most beautiful" He replies brightly causing me to blush before he clicks his tongue "I still can't believe he didn't choose me to be the best man"15

I've always know he'd choose Nathan.+

"Nicky he loves you" I speak.+

"What the hell is Nicholas- a man- doing here!" My best friend screeches when she enters the decided make up room with her notepad.4

"I'm leaving, I'm leaving" He rolls his eyes before winking at me one more time.+

"Relax miss bridezilla who's not even the bride" I snort looking at myself in the mirror.3

Kathrine is more nervous than me somehow. She's the one breathing down everyone's necks and being all demanding. The caters, decorators, designers have had it up to here with her.2

"Hey, everything has to be perfect for my best friend" She kisses my cheek.2

I wrap an arm around her "I love you"+

"I love you too. Now where is your make up and hair lady? There is no time to play around" She hastily starts to clap her hands.+

And she's back.+

"She went to go get a few things"+

Kat grins "So when are you telling him?"84

"Uhm after" I blush already knowing what she's talking about "I'm nervous and excited at the same time"5

"This is all he's ever wanted. He's going to be so happy" +

"Me too" I trail.+

I found out I'm pregnant about a week ago and it's been taking all my willpower not to tell Kyle. He's been going on about putting a baby inside me forever so I already know he's going to be so happy. Hell I am too. I'm carrying the man of my dream's child. It doesn't get any better. Now put a wedding on top of that.23

I feel like a princess today. We're finally getting married. 7

It's been a journey, I'll tell you that. The best with obviously a few bumps because that's how life is. Went two years without seeing Nicholas, went three without seeing or speaking to Winnie. Kat and I stopped being friends at some point but one thing was always permanent: my perfect Romeo.58

Okay maybe not perfect but definitely all I've ever wanted. We've had our ups and downs too but it made us stronger than I could ever imagine. Fights, almost break-ups, insecurities, tears and a whole lot of drama. The good definitely overshadowed the bad though. We travelled the world, both successful, have everything we've ever wanted and just happy.8

After he graduated, him and Zach basically just took over one of his father's businesses after they cleaned it up and got rid of all the illegal activities. I guess that was always the plan seeing as he was a business major. They're co-bosses and my man makes a hell of a lot of money. They were even featured in Forbes and I've never been more proud of my boys. I make my own too- I'm a published author and blogger- but he definitely makes more than me. I love his flexible work hours the most; we have more than enough time for each and I wouldn't have it any other way.6

We obviously live together- like we always have. For a while we didn't though, it was a year because my publishing process was taking place on the other side of the country; that was kind of hard but we made it work. He would fly out to see me and I would do the same. It was only a year though and pretty soon things were back to normal in our amazing home.+

A lot of other things happened too.+

His father died two years ago; he got diagnosed with cancer in prison and died there. It was hard on Kyle; it was hard on all of them but he's okay now. We never even used to speak about his father but sometimes I could see he wanted to go to the prison and talk to him one last time after he found out about the cancer. Maybe he did and he just never told me. We all attended his funeral and only his ex-wife spoke. That was kind of that. All his children refused to but at least they were there.7

Riley has another child; another boy who is now 3. He's the sweetest little thing and him and Theo have the best relationship. Zach is in love. It's funny and cute but he really is. He fell for his assistant but hey I'm not judging- the man is very much happy and he deserves it.25

"Aunt Chels!" My favourite girl squeals when she sees me "You look so beautiful!"+

"Jordy!" I hug her tightly.+

"Where do you come from, missy?" Her mother asks grimacing because she's worried about her touching and ruining anything around since she's very much handsy.+

"From daddy" She smiles.3

Did I mention that Kat and Nathan have a 5 year old daughter? Jordy Isaacs is my absolute favorite and is as sassy as her mother. Kat fell pregnant the summer after everything- with a semester to go. It was hard on them and in the end they ended up separating but they're amazing co-parents. They only see each other when it's necessary or when Kyle and I want to spend time with our best friends. We try not to do it often because sometimes it gets awkward but usually when Jordy is there it's better. 322

I'm her godmother and Kyle is her godfather. Huh now we're actually about to be parents; the world is crazy. But anyway Nathan and Kat don't hate each other or anything, they're just not together and prefer it that way. Kat is even seeing some guy right now that I've yet to meet but she promised soon.67

Sometimes it's also hard, in regards to my loyalty. Kat is my best friend but so is Nathan- more so than ever. It was horrible at first (the process of their break up) because I felt like I was forced to pick sides and that's not what I wanted. Kat would tell me one thing but Nathan would tell me another. I didn't know who was wrong and both of them wanted me to blame the other. It was horrible but I'm glad it's over. Kyle had it easy because he would obviously take Nathan's side which led to some fights between us.2

"What is he doing?" I ask her.+

"Him and uncle Kyle and the other uncles are getting ready and they were talking about you" She giggles.1

"What did they say?"+

"Daddy said I can't tell you" She grin showing her missing teeth. The cutest thing ever.+

"Oh so it's like that Jordy?" I pout.+

Before she can say anything, my mom carrying my dress in a hanger cover and my make-up lady carrying the things she went to go fetch enter the room.+

"Finally" Kat says way too loud.+

"Let's get ready!" Mom claps excitedly.2

I can't wait to see everyone too. Dad and the family arrived today so I haven't seen them yet since I've been getting ready. Christian is very much a teenage boy and it's so funny. He is a handful on his parents but him and his sister- who is now 6 are very close and tag team them. Josie is well and amazing too; she and mom speak now. Weird but I'm not complaining. 13





