Hello! Hi! Hola! What's up?141

Welcome to the journey of Jenifer and Damian. This is a office romance. I hope you will like this book. Please vote, comment, share and follow.35

If you are new reader here welcome aboard. You can check my other books too.12

If you are an old reader thank you for being with me throughout.2

Love,A.5

Start: 23/04/21End: 16/10/2247

PS- 10/03/22Recent cover is made by _navyblueee_ Thank you so much for this lovely cover. If you want a cover for your books do contact her.8

JENIFER'S P.O.V233

"Come on now stop crying!! You have done enough of it for past two weeks." My older brother Samuel said as he entered my much messy room.15

"What do you want me to do huh? Throw a big ass party about how my boyfriend of three years cheated on me with none other than my best friend!!" I sobbed harder as I rubbed handful of tissues to my nose.114

"Jen!! No!! I know how you are feeling right now. But you need to get up for yourself. You are such a strong girl. I want you to get a job, work hard and enjoy your life. Don't waste your precious time on those two useless people." He caressed my hair.50

"You know what? You're correct. I should get a good job. I have studied for that. Now no one can stop me from working, unlike earlier my crazy ex boyfriend used to." I said angrily.49

"That's the spirit. Here's your laptop. Come on, search it up." He handed me my MacBook. My laptop has pink cover with flowers on it. It looks pretty.32

"How did I get so lucky to have you as my brother?" I looked at him teary eyed.15

"To be honest, you are lucky. Mom dad literally picked you up from the garbage."He tried to muffle his laugh but failed.148

"Samuel!!!" I yelled at him.7

.......................6

"How about this one?" I pointed at one advertisement on laptop.3

"Read it loud." Sam said sitting on opposite side of bed munching caramel popcorn.11

"Can't you stop eating for like two minutes and come see for yourself?" I looked at him annoyed by his munching.12

"I'm eating through my mouth. I can hear through my ears. Read it loud, lady!" 31

"Fine, a young confident, with business degree, good soft skills, good physique. Job: Personal assistant to the CEO. WILSON CLOTHING. If interested report to head quarters on Monday 9:00 AM with your resume.45

"Sister don't you think it's too late for this job?"9

"Why? The interview is tomorrow morning. Right now it's Sunday afternoon. What's big deal?"3

"Wilson Clothing head quarters is in New York." He said calmly.1

"What?! Are you serious?" I looked at him terrified.2

"Yes Jen. It's such a huge company for god's sake. Haven't you heard about it earlier?"3

"There's no time for this. I need to book flight for New York right now." I searched the earliest flight to my destination.42

"Yes I got it. Flight leaves in 4 hours. Oh my god!! I need to pack!!" I frantically run to my closet.74

What do I need? What do I need?3

Something formal!!!2

I throw various outfits from my closet. Why do I have such trash outfits? I need formal clothes. After rummaging through several outfits I found one which suited best for the tomorrow's interview.4

"Heyy!! Can you just go through my resume once?" I ask my brother as I pack some necessary make up items.2

"Jen you can get good job here in California too. Why go to New York?" He came to me.20

"Sam, working in New York has been my dream since childhood. And you know that. Please? It will be a great opportunity for me to learn." I placed my hand on his arm.54

"But then you will move to New York. I will have to live here alone." 4

"Sam!! I will come here to meet you. You can come there to meet me. We will be fine." I assured him. 3

After our parents death it was just the two of us supporting each other.35

"Then who will....." I stopped him.+

"Samuel Landon Martin. You check my resume this instance. Don't forget I have flight to catch." I said in my stern voice.32

"Alright young lady."8

...........................1

"Good luck! Do your best." My brother hugged me at the airport.4

"Yes, thanks a lot Sam. For you know everything." I smiled.1

"Shut up and go." He ruffled my hair.17

..........................1

After all the process, I was now seated in my flight to New York. I was nervous would be an understatement. I would reach there by mid night. I have already book the hotel. And tomorrow morning my interview will take place.11

The flight attendant gave all the necessary instructions. The flight took off.+

New York here I come........56

*******************+

Hello friends. I'm here with the first chapter. I really hope you like it. If you do you know what to do, vote comment follow!!!26

Publish date: 23/04/2125

Love,A.7

JENIFER'S P.O.V1

"We have reached JFK Airport New York. It is 12:06 AM. Currently it is 10 degree Celsius outside. Your luggage will arrive at belt number 25. Thank you for flying with Delta Air Lines."The flight attendant announced.54

Yay! I'm in NYC!!!!15

I quickly got my luggage from the belt. I was so tired that without even having dinner I just slept off the moment I reached my hotel room. I just messaged Sam that I reached safely.1

............................+

DAMIAN'S P.O.V10

"Good morning Mr. Wilson!!" My finance manager Stefan greeted as we entered my cabin.87

"Is the financial statement of last quarter ready?" I ask him as I sat down on my chair.+

"Y-yes Mr. Wilson."13

"What is the quarterly revenue of our Seattle branch?" I asked him deadpanned.9

"I have......."+

"Is the new winter collection we started at the start of the quarter profitable for us? If yes then what is the net profit and gross profit ratio?"34

"I will..........."1

"What can you say about the EPS of our company due to the advertisement we did with the supermodel? Is it really benefitting our brand?"19

"I will look up......"+

"YOU ARE FIRED SREFAN!!" I yelled angrily at him.152

"Sir I'm sorry sir I'm really sorry sir. The statement is not ready. I will finish it by today sir."2

"The deadline was yesterday. You didn't come by yourself to say that your work isn't ready. It's when I call you. You lie to me. I won't tolerate this kind of unprofessional behaviour." I said.15

"Please forgive me this time sir."+

"This isn't the first time Stefan. Don't waste my time. Clock is ticking. Get out of my company." 21

Knowing he is really at fault, he left my office soon.+

"Natasha, what about the interview for my personal assistant?" I asked my temporary assistant through intercom.2

"Yes Mr. Wilson. The interview is scheduled from 9:00 AM. Almost all the candidates are here. If you are ready, I can send them in one by one." She spoke from the other side.+

"Alright. Send them in."6

.......................+

JENIFER'S P.O.V+

I woke up at 7:00 AM thanks to my alarm. Otherwise I would have slept till noon. I was so tired after the flight. And when I woke up I was damn hungry too. I didn't have anything after I landed. And if you ask about the flight I just had french fries.12

I quickly called room service for breakfast. I had two omelette and chocolate smoothie. I was full now. I bathed myself. I really loved the soaps which were in this hotel. 16

This was my look for the interview. Ta-da!29


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                            202

I applied foundation then little bit blush. For eyes I did the mascara. Then I had to apply eyeliner. I love eyeliner. Lastly I applied maroon lipstick.51

I took my bag my resume. And I was ready for my interview. 6

I put the sign of clean the room outside my room. After I went out of the hotel, the task was to find a taxi. It wasn't too hard , duh it's New York. There are taxis everywhere. 5

I got one! "Good morning miss. Where to?"+

"Morning. Wilson Clothing please."4

"Of course."+

We reached there in twenty minutes. I paid the taxi driver. When I was getting out of the taxi, he said, "Good luck for the interview."+

"Thanks. But how did you know?" I asked amused.+

"I saw your resume and your tapping of foot gave me the other hint."8

"Ohh!! Yess. Sorry about that." I smiled apologetically.+

"No issues. Good bye..."+

"Jenifer."+

"Marco." He said.55

"Thank you Marco."11

And then I got off.1

I looked up at the skyscraper in-front of me. Top of it was the logo of Wilson Clothing. I really wish I get this job. It will be a good break for me. 16

With that thought I entered the building. Just I entered, I saw the receptionist desk.+

"Hi, I'm here for the personal assistant interview." I said to the young girl. +

"Sure! May I know your name please?"+

"Jenifer Martin."2

"Alright. Take the second lift. The interview is on the 20th floor. There Natasha will guide you."16

"Okay. Thank you." I smiled at her.+

"Good luck!" She smiled.+

I nodded and proceeded towards the lift. As the lift was going up, I was getting nervous. What if I don't give my good impression? What if they don't like me?God!! Please help me.17

I reached the 20th floor. As expected there were several girls for the interview. I mean why not? Who wouldn't like to be the assistant for such a huge Business CEO. I looked around the room and spotted a lady who looked like the employee here.+

"Hey. I'm here for the personal assistant interview."+

"Good. I'm Natasha. I will call you when your chance comes. Till then you may have your seat." She said politely.1

"Okay. I'm sorry to be rude but who will be taking the interview?"3

"The CEO himself." 9

"Oh!17

After 15 minutes or so Natasha called my name.1

"Jenifer Martin!"2

"Yes?"+

"You are ready to go in." She motioned me to the cabin.25

Jesus!!21

*******************Hey peeps! Hope you like the chapter. If you do please vote, comment and follow me. I would like to hear from you guys.5

Publish date: 28/04/211

Love,A.2

DAMIAN'S P.O.V+

"May I come in?" A gentle voice came from outside.+

"Come in."+

As soon as the door opened, a beautiful girl wearing black skirt and white v neck shirt entered. As I noticed her, I knew she did very minimal make up unlike other candidates, she still looked stunning.62

I hope she got brains, because I ain't hiring her if she doesn't show her skills.20

She seemed nervous, fidgeting her fingers. She has a white resume file I suppose.+

"Sit." 25

"Good morning Mr. Wilson. I'm Jenifer Martin." She confidently introduced herself. I liked that about her.3

Rest candidates were just a stuttering mess when they spoke.22

"Jenifer, can you give me your resume?" I asked gazing straight in her eyes.1

"Here it is." She handed me the file.1

I had a look at her resume. Hmm, lives in California. Has a good business degree from California State University. Uh huh!No working experience . Strange!26

"Jenifer you have an excellent degree in business. Why don't you have any working experience? You are 25, right?"I askes her.14

"Yes sir but there is a personal reason for that. I'm sorry sir." She looked down.6

What could that be?12

"Alright then tell me with zero working experience why should I hire you?"I asked sternly as I closed her resume and put it on the table.24

"You will hire me because I can promise you that this being my first working experience I will give my everything to my work. I would not give a single chance to you to get disappointed. I can prove you that I'm worthy enough for this job."She said fiercely.59

Damn! I like her attitude! 78

"You will hire me? Confident aren't we Ms. Martin?" I let out a small laugh.8

She smiled and nodded positively.3

"Well, I like your fierce, confident attitude Jenifer. I would like to see you work for me as my personal assistant. You got the job."77

She squealed, " Thank you. Thank you so much Mr. Wilson."+

"Don't expect it would be path of roses working for me Ms. Martin."  I smirked.3

"Good for me then, I hate roses." She smirked.120

Her attitude man!!!61

"Tomorrow 8:30 AM sharp with my coffee. I hate tardiness." I got up.+

"Noted Mr. Wilson." +

She left my cabin before giving one small smile.4

God I'm excited for her to work for me. She is so different with that sassy attitude of hers. She didn't throw herself at me She was dressed modestly. Everything was a tick.36

I phoned Natasha, "Interview is over. Send them all out."8

.........................+

JENIFER'S P.O.V4

Did I just the job? I can't believe it. Oh my god! I got the job. I have to call Sam. I have to call Sam!12

I took out my cell phone, I dialled Sam's number.+

"Morning Jen!!" +

"Sam!!! You won't believe what happened?" I squealed.+

"You met Gigi Hadid?" 88

What?! Gigi? Seriously right now!2

"Noo! I got the job as the personal assistant at the Wilson Clothing."+

"What?!! Oh my goodness. Congratulations Jen. When do you join?" He was happy.4

"From tomorrow." I said nervously.+

"But where are you going to live? You had the hotel reservation just for today."+

"Yes I know. I still have to figure it out. I would like some clothes too. On weekend probably I will come back to get all my luggage. But the staying problem exist."2

"Hmmm. Wait. You remember Carter? My close friend from college?" He asked.+

"Yes of course I remember. I even had a tiny crush on him. What about him?"17

"He lives in New York. You can stay with him for the time you get an apartment." He suggested.7

"Are you sure? I mean you two have lost touch in these couple of years."+

"Don't worry. I will call him. I will let you know by lunch." +

"Okay. Sure. Bye."1

............................+

"Thank you Carter. It means a lot." I say to him as I enter his apartment. It's a 2 bedroom apartment enough for us.+

Carter well he is changed for sure. I mean physical appearance. He has a great body. He even has beard now. I remember him complaining in his teenage years how he wanted to grow beard.39

"No worries Jen. You are my friend too. I hope you don't mind me saying that." +

"Oh of course not. By the way Sam said your girlfriend lives here too. Where's she?" I asked.18

"She must be coming from work. She works in........" Just then the doorbell rang.2

"There she is!" He said and went to open the door. 3

There came in Natasha, the girl from Wilson's. She is his girlfriend. Wow. Small world?! Yet I never run into Beyonce.(I don't take credit for that line. Anyways, I love Chandler Bing)42

She seemed sweet when I met her.+

"Hey you." She smiled recognising me.+

"Hey you." I smiled.+

"You guys know each other?" Carter wrapped a arm around Natasha.2

"She came in for the interview today at work. And she got the job." +

"Ohh. And she is the one I talked about who will be living here with us." Carter said to her.+

"That's great! I will have a girl company now." She hugged me.19

"Thanks Natasha and Carter for letting me stay here. Few weeks until I get an apartment." I smiled at both of them.+

"Sure thing!" They both said.17

**************Hey lovelies. I hope you like this chapter. I would want your feedback through comments. Pls vote, comment and follow me of you enjoyed the chapter.12

Publish date: 04/05/21+

Love,A.+

JENIFER'S P.O.V1

I woke up on time for my first day at work. I decided to wear off white shirt and black pants with black heels. I did my make up minimal and left my brown hair open with just a clip at back.+


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                            83

 "Are you ready Jen?" Natasha asked from outside.+

"Yes yes coming."4

I came out my room. Natasha was all ready in black pencil skirt and baby pink shirt. She really was beautiful. Carter was lucky.21

"Come on let's leave." I said.+

"Wait first have some breakfast. Carter made it for us before he left for his work."8

"That's so sweet. I am hungry too."1

Within 10 minutes we both were in Natasha's car proceeded to Wilson Clothing.+

"Hey I wanted to ask Mr. Wilson asked for the coffee yesterday. How does he like it? Any specific?"+

"He likes his coffee from the canteen itself. He likes his coffee strong, so two shots of expresso will be good and then the normal process." 7

"Alrighty."+

"Don't worry. Mr. Wilson is rude, strict and demanding but I know you are dedicated. You will work it out."10

"Hopefully." I smiled.1

.........................1

I went to Mr. Wilson's Cabin as I didn't know what to do. But I kept my purse at my space. Natasha showed me where the past assistants used to sit.5

I arranged the table with all the files on one side. I poured water in his glass. I kept business newspaper on the table as Nats told me he likes to read them first thing in the morning. After arranging everything I decided to go to the pantry to make his coffee. He will be here in 15 minutes.9

I had my way to pantry. I took a cup poured two shots of expresso. Then added water and milk. I added one cube of sugar. I thought for a moment and added a pinch of cinnamon in his coffee. My mother used to make this coffee. And it used to be my favourite. I hope he likes it.73

I entered his cabin and placed the mug on a coaster. I was about to pick a newspaper to read something when a deep voice startled me.+

"Early aren't we Ms. Martin?" 4

I turned around, "God you scared me." I placed a hand on my chest.+

"I didn't plan to." Mr. Wilson said and came towards me.5

He seriously looks so handsome. How someone can be so handsome?3

He wore a blue coat and pant with very light blue shirt. 14


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                            289

"Good morning Mr. Wilson." I smiled.1

"Morning."+

He took a look at the table all arranged. He smirked seeing it.9

"I assume you asked Natasha about everything." He sat in his chair.1

"Yes, I did. Here is your coffee. And here are all the business newspaper you would like to have a look." +

He took a sip of his coffee. His facial expressions changed. +

God Jen why did you add cinnamon to coffee on the first day? You don't experiment on the first day, you stupid lady!23

"Who made this coffee?" He spoke.+

"Huh?" I mumbled.+

"You very well heard the question Jenifer." +

"I-I made it." There I said it!+

"There is something different in this."28

"Yeah. I added a pinch of cinnamon powder. My mother used to make such coffee for me. I used to like it. But I'm so sorry I changed your daily coffee routine. I will go and just make another normal one for you Mr. Wilson." I said and started going out of the cabin when he stopped me.6

"Jenifer!!" He somewhat yelled.7

"Yes?" I turned around.+

"I liked it. In fact I want you to make the same coffee everyday for me now." He gave me a small tiny smile.68

"Really? Thanks then." I shrugged.4

"Um, what would you like me to do today?" I asked in the most formal tone.3

"For today, go through each file of our competitors, debtors, creditors. I know you can't mug up all that. But remember the main ones. Second, send bouquet of yellow roses to Ms. Marie  Boult saying do not contact me from this moment. Otherwise consequences will be worst. Third, I am the chief guest for NYU Post graduation ceremony. Just recheck my speech for it. My PR must have already emailed it. That's it for now." He said in one breath.46

Oh my goodness!1

"Alright Mr. Wilson."5

And I left his cabin, to do the tasks he told me to do.+

Get to work Jen!+

****************Hey beauties, hope you like this chapter. Pls vote comment and follow me if you feel.5

Date: 8/5/21Love,A.1

JENIFER'S P.O.V8

It's been a month working for Mr. Wilson. As he said, it wasn't a path of roses. His moods change like seconds in clock. One thing I have learnt about him is he is good when you are good with him. But honey if you come on his bad side, he is the fucking worst. I'm not joking.7

If you ask about me I have managed till now not to get yelling from him. I mean one time he did scream at me, but it wasn't my fault. 3

I did a weekend trip to my home, but unfortunately I couldn't meet Sam as he had to go to France for his job. He is in marketing so he has to tour around more often.1

I still live with Carter and Nats. We have grown very close. I really can't thank them enough. But I have seen an apartment already. The rent looks in my budget too. So I'm planning to move out within two weeks or so. I can't be dependent on them forever.2

Today was Monday that means I have to see Mr. moody pants. Oh yes that's the name I have given to Damian Wilson.14

"Hey Mila!" I greeted the receptionist who has become my friend too.+

"Good morning Jen. How's it going?" She asked with a smile.+

"Pretty good. Mr. Wilson is not that bad."+

"Lucky for you. Because some people say he is a monster." She winked.5

"I have heard it to. Anyways, I have gotta go. He can be here any minute." I said.+

"Have a nice day."+

"You too."+

DAMIAN'S P.O.V+

I entered my cabin to find everything arranged for the day as usual. Jenifer was proving to be a dedicated employee as the days passed. She was hardworking, punctual and dedicated.5

But right now my mood was completely spoiled due to one article which was printed in New York Times about me that was completely untrue. Before this also there used to be hundreds of false articles about me but it was manageable. 3

This article is about my business ethics. They have printed all the wrong things, how I manipulate the financial statements of my company, selling damaged products and what not. If the new customers read this, it will impact adversely on my products.3

"Good morning Mr. Wilson." Jenifer entered with a cup of course in her hand and a broad smile on her face.+

"Call the PR manager right now. Cancel all my meetings for today. I want no disturbance till I say so." I ordered her.8

She narrowed her eyes, "Is everything okay?"+

"Don't you have newspaper at your home?" I yelled at her for no reason I know.37

"What?!" She muttered.+

I placed a copy of New York Times in her hand roughly.+

"Read the headline."+

She took a look and looked up at me,"I have read this article Mr. Wilson."+

"And still you ask me is everything okay?" I asked irritated.1

"Mr.Wilson you are a public figure. People will publish such things about you.  You just have to ignore it."12

"Oh really Ms. Martin? You are teaching me right now? I know what is expected out of a public figure. Hundreds of false articles have been published about me before. That was okay. But today the article is about my business ethics. This I won't tolerate at any cost. So JUST DO AS I SAID."28

She looked at me with fierce eyes,"Fine as you say Mr. Wilson."2

JENIFER'S P.O.V+

Asshole! Jerkface! Stupid! Idiot!67

I was just trying to help him understand but he had to give me lecture. Does he think I'm stupid? He has such a goodwill in the market, one article doesn't change that. People respect him so much in the corporate world.13

Anyways why do I care? His PR manager will also say same thing to him.+

.......................+

After three hours his PR manager left his cabin with a tired look. Obviously three hours listening to this moody pants anybody will be worn out.3

My intercom beeped, MR. WILSON!1

I went in his cabin all ready to hear something bad or him yelling screaming at me for no reason.+

"Yes Mr. Wilson?" I asked with plain face.+

"I need Jenifer Martin special coffee." He said with a small smile.64

My lips involuntarily curved  little upward hearing it.2

"Right on it!" I said and turned around.1

I was about to put my foot forward when someone held my hand and turned me back. It had to be Mr. Wilson because there was no one other than us.12

I ignored my stomach doing somersaults, and asked him. "What?"5

"I'm sorry for yelling at you earlier for no reason." With that being said he gripped my hand little more tight.65

And I swear my stomach had a party of butterflies. Oh my god! His touch is magical. Calm down Jen! Calm down!19

"Y-you are apologising?" I asked with my eyes widened.8

"Yes I am. Am I forgiven?" He steps forward. We are standing very very close for a boss and personal assistant.22

"Yes y-you are forgiven." I said and pushed him little away to breathe in.+

"Thought so Ms. Martin. Now please bring me my coffee." He smirked and took a sit.41

Not able to utter a word I just nodded and left from there.+

The moment I entered the pantry I kept a hand on my chest. I was breathing so heavily. Damian made me so nervous and jittery being so close to me. Damn it!3

I didn't even feel like this when I was withCaleb.41

Damn! Hot!8

***************Hi guys. This chapter has little sneak peak of there chemistry. Hope you like it. Pls vote comment and follow me for more updates.11

Publish date: 13/05/211

Love,A.+

DAMIAN P.O.V+

I was working in my cabin peacefully when I heard commotion outside. What is it? I dialled the intercom, Jenifer didn't answer. This hasn't happened before. Where is she? And what is this noise about?+

To look up, I went out to find my assistant Jenifer hugging a guy. Who the hell is he?Her back was facing me so I could clearly see the guy. He was well dressed, good looking guy but why is he here? He is definitely not my employee. Who the fuck is he? And why is she hugging him?42

"Jenifer Martin!!!" My voice boomed.2

She quickly broke the hug but the smile didn't leave her face. She looked at me with confusion. I went towards them to have a nice talk.1

"What the hell are you doing?" I asked looking dead serious in her eyes.2

"He is my........" I didn't let her finish.+

I'm not blind. I know who he must be.+

"I don't pay you to hug your boyfriend during office hours. Isn't it clear Ms. Martin?" +

"Mr. Wilson, you are getting it wrong. He just......."8

"Shut up. Come to my cabin this instant." I said and left from there.34

The moment I entered my cabin an uneasy feeling rooted inside me. Why was I so bothered about her boyfriend? Of course because she was wasting time during office hours.9

Oh please Damian? My inner voice chided.2

Jenifer is a very beautiful woman I admit. She is best at her work that's it. There is nothing more than that. I tell this to myself.22

"What was that?" Jenifer asked the moment she came in.+

"I should be the one who must ask you the same question." I said not looking at her, checking something in my laptop.+

"Mr. Wilson, the guy outside is Samuel Martin. Martin. My older brother for god's sake. And I wasn't wasting time as you claim it. He was here for a meeting with the marketing head Mr. Carnez. We didn't meet for a month. He just came to me to surprise me. And you had to blast on me. I was just telling him that you aren't that bad but you came and yelled at me for all the wrong reason." She said it all in one breath.34

Damn it!5

"He is your brother?!" I said.8

"Wow! You only heard that much. You are so infuriating!!" 7

I didn't say anything for a couple of minutes. But then I have to say this.+

"Look I'm sorry. Okay?" 10

She didn't say anything too for few minutes intently looking at me. 1

"Alright. Is there any work for me to do? It is past my work time already." She said folding her hands at her chest.1

"No, you may leave." +

"Night Mr. Wilson." She said and left.+

She was clearly annoyed because of me.74

JENIFER'S P.O.V1

Such a jerk he is. How can he assume that Sam is my boyfriend?! And even if he was what's the matter with him? He is just my boss.14

On the other note, Sam just came to meet me in office because he couldn't stay here any long as he had a meeting back in LA.I wanted to talk so much to him. I wanted to show him the apartment but alas, god had some other plans. But Sam has promised that he would come by next month so that's a good thing.6

I was now living in my apartment and not with Nats and Carter. I was happy that I could rent an apartment with my own earned money. I always wanted to work but Caleb always told me not to work and like a stupid girl in love I used to agree to him.2

Anyways I'm just going to head home now!+

DAMIAN'S P.O.V+

How much more stupidity should I showcase in front of my assistant?! That guy was her freaking brother and I the great Damian Wilson assumed him to be her boyfriend. Wow just wow.57

And I don't even know from where my jealous side just came out? Why was I jealous? Jenifer is just my assistant. She is my employee and I'm her boss. That's it.11

Tsk tsk!This inner voice has to stop!!9

*****************Hi beauties. Hope you are doing well. And I hope you enjoyed today's chapter. If you did please vote comment and follow me.+

Publish date: 18/05/21+

See you,A.+

JENIFER'S P.O.V1

I just had my dinner. I made meat balls and some noodles today. It was pretty good for the first time. When I used to live in California Sam used to cook for us as he is really a great cook. I never had interest in cooking. Mom used to scold me that I should at least be able to make something in case of emergency. I always used to ignore her by saying I will learn it later. 30

But now I miss her. I miss her scolding me. I miss her cooking. I miss everything about her. No no tears right now Jen!5

I was not at all sleepy. Nor was I interested to watch any show on Netflix. So I decided to take a walk in the neighbourhood. It was around 10:30. I know it was little late but they say that New York never sleeps. So yeah!18

Here I was walking on the streets of New York. Shops were closing down but restaurants were wide open. I was so mesmerised by the night life of New York I didn't know in which direction I started going. Before I knew it was too late because now I was on a completely deserted and unknown street.5

Oh god! Where the hell am I? What should I do? No one is there here. 3

Okay okay. First of all calm down Jen. You have your mobile. You have GPS. I put my address in GPS and it started showing me the directions.4

I started walking following the direction but there was still a long way till I reach a crowded place. I was walking as fast I could. But suddenly I heard a slurred voice of some guy. I turned around to see three men little drunk looking at me with dirty eyes.9

"Where are you going honey? Let us show you the way. Don't worry we won't do anything." One of them with blond hair said.2

I just ignored them and started walking away. But the problem was I was walking in the opposite direction of my house. Those men were standing in my apartment's direction.18

"Hey come back here you beauty." The other guy screamed. I flinched while walking but I continued walking.3

I was hearing their footsteps. They were following me. God what should I do?8

Suddenly a hand griped my arm forcefully. I turned to see that blond guy smirking at me.1

"Leave my hand you bastard!!!" I screamed as I struggled within his grip.+

"Tsk tsk. Such a beauty! How can I leave you before getting a taste of........"1

"Shut up you asshole!! Leave my hand this instant!! Otherwise......"+

"Otherwise what babydoll?"19

Fine you asked for it! I kicked him where sun doesn't shine. You deserve it. 51

He fell clutching his crotch. But there were two other guys I forgot.+

I ran I ran and I ran. They were still following me. There was no one on the streets. Where the fuck am I?+

I was running looking behind me as they were running behind me. And I bumped into a hard wall. There wasn't a wall here. I got prepared to fall on my butt however my butt didn't touch the ground. In fact two arms wrapped up around me. I looked up to see, OH MY GOD! DAMIAN WILSON!!57

What is he doing here?+

"Damian!!" I said breathlessly.+

"Jenifer!! What are you doing here at this time?" He asked steadying me.4

"Actually I......."+

"Hey buddy. Give that girl to us and you leave from here alive. Or else you die here, then we take the girl." The goons were here.24

Damian pulled me towards him and wrapped his arm around my arm. He held me on to his side tightly.11

"Get the fuck out of here before I do something you will regret." Damian said with gritted teeth.2

"That's not happening buddy." One of the goons chuckled.1

"Alright then. You asked for it. Don't blame me after."+

Damian looked at me and nodded.+

Punch!! Kick!! Smash!! Kick!!! Punch!!!223

The two goons were lying on footpath dangerously injured. Damian literally hit them like any mad man.10

He came to me and asked, "Are you okay?"+

"I'm not the one who hit those goons. You did. Your hand is bleeding Damian!!" I took his hand in mine.6

"Jenifer what were you doing here at this time in the first place?" +

"I was just..........." I narrated him the whole story.+

"Are you out of you goddam mind?" He yelled. 15

I didn't say anything just blinked away my tears. Why the hell he yells at me?15

"Thanks Mr. Wilson for saving me. I will take your leave now." I said and started walking away from him.1

"Jenifer!!" He called me. But I paid no heed.+

"Jenifer!!" He held my wrist and pulled me on his chest. I kept my hands on his chest for support. 19

"Do not disobey me. Get in the car. I'm dropping you home." His voice stern as ever.48

"Don't yell at me then for no reason." I said and got into his car. Soon he sat beside me. He told his driver my address. He knows it because he is my boss.34

The whole ride to my house was silent. When we reached he got out of the car first. I was about to open my door but he opened it for me. How gentleman!31

"Thank you for saving me and dropping me home Mr. Wilson." I genuinely thanked him.+

"No problem Jenifer. But please call me Damian. Mr. Wilson sounds so old." He made a eww face.19

"But everyone calls you Mr. Wilson." I reasoned out.+

"Yes but you are not everyone. You are my PA." He shrugged.+

"What?! Alright DAMIAN!" I said.38

"Good night." I say and was leaving but he stopped me.+

"Jenifer!"+

"Yes?" I turned to him.1

"Are you mad at me?" He asked softly.16

"No. Why?"+

"I mean I ruined your meet with your brother this afternoon. I'm sorry for that." He said looking down.10

I smiled internally. Damian Wilson who doesn't have sorry in his dictionary has said sorry to me twice in a day. Not bad Jen!3

"No Mr. Wilson. I'm not mad at you. I was earlier but not now." I smiled.+

"What did I tell you about Mr. Wilson?"1

"Fine. Damian I'm not mad at you. Good?"+

"Good. I will leave now. See you tomorrow Jen!!"  He said and left.16

Wait!! He called me Jen?! Not Jenifer not Ms. Martin. Why? 46

*****************Hi guys. I hope you like this chapter. Pls do vote comment and follow me.2

So damn happy I finally got the vaccination appointment. In India it's really difficult to get one.+

Publish date: 23/05/21+

Love,A.+

JENIFER'S P.O.V2

"Bring me the file of the summer collection for Chicago office. Also book a reservation at Hyatt Regency for lunch for four people. I have a meeting with Mr. Henry. You will be coming too. Tell Mr. Lewis to meet me at 4 here with the sales structure of our new trouser collection."Damian spoke without looking at me and typing something on his laptop.11

I took a breath and asked, "Okay. Anything else Mr. Wilson?"1

He looked up his eyes gazing at me, "Mr. Wilson is not what I told you to address me."+

"I'm sorry. I'm not used to it yet."+

"Get used to it Jen!!" He smirked.23

"Or else what?"+

"I will fire you." He shrugged.26

"I know you can't and won't."16

"Jen!!" He looked at me with warning.1

Now what? He is going to call me Jen? Should I stop him? Or is it okay that he calls me Jen?+

"Yes from now on I will call you Jen. And you should not stop me. Because I like it." He smirked again.32

God I said that loud!!!6

"You are still saying it loud."7

"Fine. I will get to work." I sighed and left the cabin.......................2

We were now going to the lunch meeting at Hyatt. Obviously it was a five star hotel. What do you expect from Damian? Yes now I also call him Damian. It feels odd but he just ordered me like anything.19

"We are here Mr. Wilson." Mason, Damian's driver announced.+

Mason opened the door for both of us. There was no need to open the door for me. I was just an employee. But I liked the little special service I received.5

We thanked him and proceeded towards the lounge. The manager greeted us and welcomed us. We sat side by side keeping the opposite couch for Mr. Lewis and his secretary.+

"Talk to him when really required." Damian said looking at the menu."1

"And may I ask why?" +

"He is not a good man. Too many personal dirty stories."+

"Then why are you doing business with him?" I asked confused.+

"He is good in business. Simple." He shrugged.4

I just shook my head.+

On the cue, Mr. Lewis arrived with his secretary. He was a man in his middle fiftties, very fit though. He had a big white beard. His secretary was wearing too much vulgar clothes for my understanding. She looked in her early twenties.3

"Good afternoon Wilson." Mr. Lewis said with a smug face.+

"Afternoon Mr. Lewis." Damian was no less.+

"Who might be this beautiful lady?" He looked at me with pure lust in his eyes. I felt disgusted.16

"She is my secretary Jenifer Martin." Damian introduced me.8

Mr. Lewis smirked and extended his hand for a handshake. I didn't want to do the handshake but I also didn't want to be impolite. So just the for the sake of it, I met my hand with his. His grip was very firm.+

Damian coughed to gain Mr. Lewis's attention and he succeeded.6

"Let's talk business Mr. Lewis." Damian said and motioned everyone to sit.........................+

DAMIAN'S P.O.V+

After two hours of discussion, explaining, understanding Mr. Lewis decided to supply his goods which are raw material for my company at the lowest cost than my other competitors.+

I didn't forget to notice Jenifer's discomfort. Whenever Mr. Lewis used to try and talk to her she would answer in monotone. Obviously she didn't like him. His looks were so dirty. I shouldn't have brought Jen here. 12

After the meeting I excused myself and my mom called me. 6

When I returned back, Mr. Lewis was telling Jen to accept the job  he has offered to her, which includes being PA on outside and obviously I know he just wants to sleep with Jen. How dare he?!!7

"Jen!!" I smiled and wrapped my arm around her waist to pull her closer to me.25

"I'm sorry, now that meeting is over we shall leave." I looked at her and could see sense of relief on her face.+

"We should Damian." She smiled back at me.1

Mr. Lewis excused himself. Hahaa!!+

"Thought you needed a little help there." I whispered in her ear.9

"I did. Thanks." She turned to me. We were standing too close. Our lips just centimetres away from each other. She had her hand on my shoulder and mine were on her waist. We kept looking into each other's eyes. No one wiling to break the eye contact. 27

Just to ruin the moment, her phone went on. She excused herself and went to answer the phone.7

And on that cue, Mr. Lewis's secretary approached me. +

"Hey Damian. What are you doing tonight?" She asked in a seductive tone.19

"I'm going.........."+

"On a date with me." Jen answered it. I looked at her surprised. Shocked to be more precise.33

She was smiling at Tanya the secretary. Tanya's face was worth watching. Gloomy face.5

"Shall we go Damian?" Jen sweetly asked me.+

"Of course Jen!!" I wrapped my hand around her waist and left the hotel.+

"Thought you needed a little help there." Jen mocked.24

"Haha. I did. Thanks." I smiled.+

We reached the company in no time. Soon we got busy in our respective work.+

"Jen!! In the cabin!!" I intercom her.3

In a minute she was inside my cabin, with her notepad.+

"Which is your favourite restaurant in the city?" I asked her.+

"What?!" She looked taken back.1

"Which is your......."+

"I heard it the first time. But why are you asking that?"1

"You forgot? You said right we are going on a date tonight. Then where do you want to go?" I asked with a hint of smile.34

"I-I was just kidding there. You really want to go out?" She asked surprised.+

"Well, I would like to."7

She thought for couple of minutes and said, "I won't consider it as a sdate. It will be just dinner."10

"Aww, you broke my heart." I faked a sad face.35

"Haha, don't worry you will get over it." She smiled.2

"Alrighty. Be ready at 8 tonight." +

She nodded and left my cabin.3

****************Good morning Lovelies. I hope you like this chapter. Pls vote comment and follow me.+

IMP A/NMy professional course exam is in end of June. This is my second attempt. I have to crack it this time. So for that, I won't be updating much. Just one or two chapters in coming month. I really hope you understand.16

Published date: 28/05/21Love,A.1

JENIFER'S P.O.V+

What the hell am I supposed to wear? I'm going out with my boss. I mean just for normal dinner. No date. But still I want to look good. So I'm going to start getting ready. 1

I took a long hot bath, did shampoo, some conditioning to make my hair good look. I came out started drying the hair. I wore a black knee length dress with slit on the left side. I paired it with nude heels and nude chanel bag. I also put a small gold colour pendant. I left my hair just open with some curls. I did some make up. Contour highlights and lipstick!11


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                            118

And I was ready!!!!...........................9

I was waiting for Damian. I was very nervous I don't know why. Like I feel comfortable with him during work. It's just that today I'm meeting him outside work. What to talk? What not to talk? 1

To pull me out from the nerve wrecking argument in my head, doorbell rang. I quickly went to answer the door. I opened it to find a very handsome looking guy standing out. No prize at guessing it is Damian. He looked so hot. I mean how did I manage to be his personal assistant for a month without noticing this amazing  greek god body.8

He wore a white shirt with a blue blazer and blue jeans. He paired it with light brown boots.12


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                            217

"Hey!!" He called out.8

"H-hey. Come on in." I smiled hiding my drool worthy face.7

"Sure." He stepped in my house. Damian Wilson in my apartment for the first time.+

He took a look at my apartment, studied every corner I should say.2

"You have a beautiful apartment." He smiled.+

"Oh it's nothing. I'm sure you live in a mansion which is 10 times this apartment." I waved my hand.+

"Honestly I love your apartment. It's small and cozy. This is what home should feel like. Huge mansion are just spacious. They don't give the homely feeling." He shrugged.10

Wow! I'm impressed.+

"You are correct here. Let me get my purse then will leave, okay?"+

"Alrighty. By the way Jen, you look absolutely gorgeous." He was so close to me. I could feel his body. And not to mention his deep husky voice did the big job. 31

"T-thank you Damian. You don't look bad yourself." I said. I wanted to say he looked like a greek god but I think that would be too much.27

"Thanks." He smirked............................+

DAMIAN'S P.O.V2

Oh my goodness! Jen looked so freaking stunning. She is wearing a dress which hugs her body in all the right places. She is looking so ravishing. The moment I saw her I wanted to kiss her so badly. But I controlled my emotions. 105

We are seated in a posh restaurant in NYC. We have placed our order. Jen is currently looking everywhere but at me so I have decided to break the ice.4

"Jen." +

"Yeah?" Her eyes stumbled at me.+

"Are you not comfortable here with me?"+

"No. That's not the case. I have been to lunches with you several times but those were all business. This is personal so feeling overwhelmed I guess." She spoke out honestly.+

"I like that you are honest with me. But don't be nervous. This isn't a interview or anything. We are just chatting here as friends." I placed a hand on top of hers.22

She looked at our hand, smiled and nodded.+

"So tell me something about you, Mr. Wilson?" She smirked.+

"That's the Jen I know." I chuckled.+

"Well, I'm the CEO of Wilson Clothing. My dad Enrique Wilson founded this company. And before three years passed on to me. My family consist of my dad, my mom, my little brother Sebastian and little sister Emelia Wilson. They both are in university and high school respectively."13

She was looking at me with teary eyes. Did I say something wrong?+

"Hey. What happened? Are you okay?" I asked softly.+

She blinked away the tears, and smiled. "Yes yes. I'm good. It's just that I miss my parents. They died in car accident when I was 15 and my brother was 18. Since then it's just the two of us."61

"I'm so sorry for your loss." I held her hand.5

"It's okay. Anyway back to you, you didn't tell me your girlfriend's name?" She smiled cheekily.2

"Nice trick. But sorry to say I am single. I'm not dating anyone." I chuckled.13

"Please don't tell me you are one of those rich guy who doesn't believe in love and relationship. I have only one night stands." She said accusing me with narrowed eyes.1

"Jen!!! No I'm not that person. I believe in love very much. I believe love is the only thing which keeps us sane."2

"Ohh good. Then why don't you have a girlfriend? You are handsome, rich, successful, you can get any girl at your feet!" She shrugged. 15

Silly girl just said that I'm handsome. I have to tease her for this.11

"So you think I'm handsome, uh huh?" I smirked.4

"You heard only that much?" She asked in disbelief.+

"Yes I can get any girl but I haven't found the right one yet. So that's why I don't have a girlfriend. Satisfied Jen?"12

"Hmm. I hope you find the girl of your dream soon." +

"Now tell me about you." I said, as I kept my hands under my chin.+

"Well, I was born and raised in California. I have older brother who works in marketing department in one of the MNC.And as said earlier, my parents died in car accident."2

"And you are not dating anyone?" I raised an eyebrow. She is so beautiful, how is she single?+

"Nope, at the moment."+

"So you dated before?"+

She sighed, "Yes, I was with my ex boyfriend for three years. I broke up with him before moving here."+

"Don't like long distance?"+

"No. He cheated on me with my best friend." She said blankly.15

Oh fuck!+

"T-that's horrible. You must be so mad at them."7

"Not mad. Hurt. That's why now I don't know whom to trust or not. I just don't know how I am going to break these walls. And I don't even know if I want to break them or not. But luckily when I moved here, my brother's friend Carter helped to stay with him until I got an apartment. And also Natasha who works for your company is his girlfriend. They became my first friends in New York."9

"Don't worry. Someday one guy will come and sweep in your heart. He will break all those walls you have build. He will never break your trust."19

"Hopefully. For now I just want to focus on my work though. You tell me don't you have friends?"+

"Oh I am friends with few idiots, namely Theo, Scott, and Peter."21

"I have never met them. I have been working for you since a month."+

"That is because we rarely meet in each other's office. But we do meet in clubs and sometimes in office too. They all are businessmen too."+

"I see."+

JENIFER P.O.V+

I just didn't know how time flew. Damian and I talked about so many things. We both love watching cricket. Can you imagine? He is really a different person outside work. At office he is this tough rude and perfectionist person. He doesn't bear even a single mistake from anyone. That's one quality I admire about him.24

"Check please?" He said to the waiter.+

Out of politeness, I also opened my purse. It's not a date so I don't know who is to pay.8

"It's on me Jen." He smiled.+

"Then atleast we can go for a ice cream and that will be on me." I pointed.+

"Alright. First let me clear the check." He chuckled.+

I was really having a good time with him. So I thought why not extend this time and eat an ice cream.4

***************Hi buddies,Vote comment follow!+

So I posted because my exam is postponed to July end. I'm happy because I could have more time to prepare. Anyways, hope you enjoy the chapter.3

Publish date: 05/06/21Love,A.+

JENIFER P.O.V+

I suggested we go to Cookies and Cream. I went there once with Nats and Carter and I loved it. The ambience, the ice cream everything was so good. Damian said he knew that place so he drove us.2

"I would like chocolate chips with little cookie crumbs on top of my ice cream." I said to the waiter.2

"I would have butter scotch with caramel dressing." Damian placed his order.4

"So what's your free day like Ms. Martin?"+

"My free day would consist of doing laundry first. Because I literally hate doing laundry so I keep avoiding it in whole week. So on weekend I have to at last do it. Then lots of Netflix, face timing my brother, and oh yeah I do yoga too. What about you?"6

"Impressive. Well I don't do my laundry because I have people who do it for me."17

"I know. Now don't flex it." I interrupted.2

He chuckled, "I watch cricket matches if there are any. Or I go for swim. Theo Scott and Peter join me for drinks. That's it."8

"Hmm good that you don't work on your holiday."+

"Why do you think I will work on my day off?"+

"Because you're a workaholic. Don't you think I have noticed you and your working enough? You are such a greedy businessman. And you literally work like a robot." I said what was on my mind.6

"Uh huh. Glad to know what is there in my personal assistant's mind. You are so blunt Jenifer." He said looking straight deep in my eyes.+

"I call it honest." I shrugged.1

"Here are your ice creams. Enjoy!!" The waitress said, we said thank you and then she left.1

I took a bite of my ice cream. And jesus!! It tastes so heavenly. My goodness.9

"This is so freaking good." I moaned.55

Damian was gazing at me. With little sparkle in his eyes, and small smile on lips.11

"What?! Taste yours." I said.2

"What?! Huh. Y-yeah. I am." Then he took a bite of his ice cream.10

"It's really delicious. How come I have never been here?!" +

"That's because you don't spare time from your work at all."+

"Oh really?"+

"Yes, I'm your assistant. I know your schedule by heart."+

"I call it love for my work." He shrugged.+

"I don't want to argue." I said and went back to enjoy my ice cream.We both finished our ice cream in no time. As decided I paid the bill.+

We both got up but he stopped me.+

"What?"+

"There is still ice cream left on your face." He pointed.19

"Oh where?" I took the tissue and started wiping my chin.+

He chuckled, and took another tissue and wiped the ice cream from the corner of my lips. He was standing so close to me. Like really really close. I was tugging my hand on his coat. To avoid nervousness I looked down. 15

His deep chuckle, oh to die for!4

"L-let's go. We have work tomorrow." I said and started walking towards his car.+

"You know I'm the boss." He was now walking beside me, our arms brushing with each other.2

"Yeah you are. But I'm not. And just for you to know, my boss hates people who are late. He is really rude with his employees. But not with me because you know I'm always on time. I do my work efficiently. So in short I don't give even a single chance to complain." I shrugged with hint of smile on my lips.+

Damian was looking at me with a smile on his face, and then he burst out laughing. I have never seen him laugh. He should laugh more. Why doesn't he?+

"You are really something else Jenifer." He laughed.2

I smiled at him, "That I am. You should do it more often."+

"Do what?" He asked confused.3

"Laugh. You should laugh more often."+

He said nothing but smiled and nodded. We sat in his car and he started driving towards my apartment. 1

"You said you watch cricket too. Which is your favourite team?" I asked.+

"Australia and India. These guys dominate in cricket world." 101

"Ohh nice choice. Mine are India and England."8

"Tell me your favourite player." Damian asked this time.+

"That's so tough. I have so many. Virat Kohli the captain of Indian Cricket Team, Pat Cummins from Australia, AB de villiers from South Africa, Sachin Tendulkar from India and some more."(A/N: These are my personal favourite. Die hard cricket fan, I'm sorry😬)150

"What about you?"+

"That's a long list. But it's really hard to choose. Well I like David Warner of Australia, then Eoin Morgan from England, MS Dhoni, Rohit Sharma from India, Kane Williamson from NZ."28

"We should go and watch a match in stadium. It will be fun!" He added.2

"Oh that is one of the things on my bucket list. Watching a cricket match live in the stadium." I said dreaming about that moment.4

"Interesting. What are the other things on your bucket list?" +

"Ohh I'm not gonna tell you. They say when you tell your wish to someone, the chances of that wish being fulfilled decreases."+

"And who says that?"  +

"My grandma's driver's son's best friend's daughter's mother's sister." 65

"Okay okay I get it." He laughed again.3

We reached my apartment by then. We got out of his car.+

"Thanks for the dinner Damian. I really enjoyed tonight." I smiled wholeheartedly.+

"I'm glad you liked it. Even I had a great time tonight." He said and took my hand in his. He lifted my hand and touched it with his lips. He lingered his lips on my hand for few seconds looking straight at me. Holy moly!  this was more intimate than a normal kiss.22

After few seconds he left my hand and I suddenly missed his warmth.+

What are you thinking Jen?+

"Good night Damian."+

"Night Jen!"+

DAMIAN'S P.O.V+

Though Jen didn't think it as a date, in my mind it was a date. I really enjoyed every moment with her. She is really an amazing girl. She is witty, beautiful, hardworking. I don't understand why her ex boyfriend had to cheat on her and that to with her best friend.11

That must have felt horrible. I can't even imagine being in her place. +

But why do I feel so connected to her? She is my assistant. She is really gorgeous that's why?1

Nah nah! 6

Then why? 19

******************Hey beauties, hope you enjoyed the chapter. If you did do vote comment and follow me.+

Publish date: 10/06/21+

Tell me what is the next thing you will do after you read the chapter?11

Love,A.+

JENIFER'S P.O.V+

"Is the bastard inside?" A unknown voice interrupted my typing.+

I looked up to see three handsome, well built men hovering around my table. Who are these guys?1

"Excuse me? Who are you guys?" I got up.1

"You are new here?" The guy with dirty blonde hair spoke this time.+

"Yes I am. But you still didn't answer my question." +

"We are just three people who happen to know your boss little too much. Now tell us is he here?" The first guy with black hair with black suit and pants.1

Ohhhh! These might be Theo, Peter, and Scott.3

"Yes he is in. You may go." I smiled and motioned them in.+

"Thank god." The third guy who was silent all this time muttered.+

After that they all went inside Damian's cabin.+

After a minute or so my intercom beeped. I got up to go in.+

I knocked on the door, I heard Damian's voice, "Come in!"+

As a cue, I went in. I saw all the three guys sitting lavishly on the chairs. They must be really good friends with Damian. Otherwise sitting so relax with ease in front of Damian, I think no one can do that.3

"Jen!!" Damian called out.+

"Yes?"+

"Meet my three idiots who happen to be my friends Theo, Scott and Peter."16

The guy who first spoke with me is Theo then the second one with dirty blond hair  is Scott and the one who just spoke "thank god" is Peter.+

"Hi everyone. Nice to meet you." I looked at them all.+

Theo was genuinely smiling at me, Scott was giving a flirty smile, while Peter the silent guy just nodded.3

"Hi Jenifer it's good to meet a girl who has got Damian impressed so much." Theo spoke chuckling.+

"I have a habit of proving myself impressive to everyone. Your friend is just one of them." I just shrugged my shoulders.4

"I like her dude." Scott chuckled.2

"Hey are you single sweetheart?" Scott asked me.2

"I am darling but just not for you." I patted his shoulder.29

"She is really good." Peter said this time.+

"Finally you said something." I muttered.+

"Peter is introvert among us." Damian said. "Just wait till you get to know him, he is real drama king."11

"I see." I nodded.+

"Jen can you please make your special coffee for all of us?" Damian asked.1

Asked!! Ahaa. Not ordered.5

"Bro you are asking and not ordering her? You are whipped!!" Peter said laughing.8

Whipped?! What does he mean by that? Does he mean......?6

"Shut up Peter!!" Damian roared.5

"I will be on it." I smiled.+

"It was great to meet you all." 1

"I had a blast! Just consider my request of you being single." Scott said.+

"See you around Jenifer." Theo was the one.+

"Goodbye Jenifer." Peter said with a smile.—————————-1

DAMIAN'S P.O.V+

"Bro you are whipped!!" Theo started laughing out loud.+

"What the hell are you saying Theo?" I asked irritated.+

"We are not blind Damian. We could clearly see you like Jenifer." Peter said.1

"It isn't like that okay? You guys need to calm down!!"2

"So is it okay if I ask her seriously this time for a date? She is really smart man!" Scott was the one who said this time.+

"No!!!" I somewhat screamed.1

"Seee!! You like her! Damian likes a girl finally!!! Yesss!" They all literally sang.8

Ask me why I am even friends with these idiots!23

JENIFER'S P.O.V+

"Jen!!!!" Natasha came running and grinning at my table.+

"Nats!!!" I copied her excitement.+

"Guess why am I so goddamn happy?" She folded her hand at her chest.+

"Um, Carter proposed you?"+

"Nooo! Well, I wish he pops the question soon though. We have been dating for 4 years now."3

"Alrighty then what is it?"+

"I got the promotion!! Now I am Marketing Executive." +

"Ohh my god!!! Congratulations Nats!! I am so happy for you." I hugged her.+

She was really so deserving of this promotion. When I used to live with her and Carter I saw how she used to work at nights. I'm really happy and proud of her.+

"Thanks Jen!! Carter, Mila and her boyfriend Lucas and you are going to celebrate tonight at a VIP club. It's my treat. No excuses!!"5

"Nats I-I don't know......."+

"You will get to know. I said no excuses. Come on now today's my big day. Pretty please?" +

I chuckled at her face, "Okays."+

"Yesss! We will pick you at 8 okay? Wear something sexy, tonight you have to get a guy and get laid!!" She winked and ran.14

I shook my head, Nats!!+

*****************Hello hello! Hope you fine and healthy. Tell me how you like this chapter? Votes, comment and follow.Silent readers where are y'all?9

Which friend of Damian did you like the most?53

Love,A.+

DAMIAN'S P.O.V+

This is every time story for me. These guys decide to meet at a club for drinks and some obvious reasons. I have reached the club 20 minutes ago. These three still aren't here. According to them, Theo is reaching in 5 minutes. Scott is in parking lot, and Peter is at the entrance of the club. And these statements were said by them 10 minutes ago!..........................9

JENIFER'S P.O.V+

What should I wear? What should I wear?+

When I was dating Caleb, we went to club several times, he was a heavy drinker. All his friends were such heavy drinkers. I don't have much problem with that, but then they used to misbehave. They even misbehaved with me. When I told Caleb about it, he ignored me. He said they were just goofing with me. But I knew, those stares weren't just goofing up, they were dirty stares.19

Anyways, it is past now. But sometimes all that feelings come up and you feel emotional, and very hurt.+

Don't go there Jen!! Don't go!+

I washed my face with cold water, did my face routine and came out of the bathroom to get dressed.+


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                            89

This was my look. (A/N: Hope you guys like it.)43

After 10 minutes or so Nats and Carter came to pick me up. We reached the club in about 20 minutes, which included Carter complaining about how Natasha was getting ready so slowly. I said it's completely alright. And we girls need time  to get ready. There is so much that goes into dressing up. Duh!2

As we entered the club, I felt as if I am back with Caleb. Clubs were just his things. 2

Mila and her boyfriend Lucas were waiting for us. Soon Carter and went to order drinks for us. Natasha, Mila and  I started talking about random things. Nats also explained what she will have to do now as a Marketing Executive.4

"Ladies!! Here are your drinks. What were you talking about huh?" Carter came.1

"I was saying that the guy there with white coat is so fucking hot." Natasha started to tease him.+

"What?! Who the fuck is that guy? And he is more hot than me? Darling?" Carter was fuming.5

"Carter! Hey hey relax! She is just joking. You know how much she loves you. You guys are literally the cutest couple in here." I laughed.4

Carter looked at Natasha with suspicion.1

"Aww babe, ofcourse you are the hottest." Nats pouted.2

Carter pecked her sweetly.+

"Okay you guys go to the dance floor and enjoy." I said as I took the first shot.+

"And what about you?" Mila  asked.+

"I will come. I need drink in my body first." I chuckled.+

"Okay, come soon." Natasha hugged me and went to the dance floor with Carter. Mila went with Lucas.+

I took the second, third, fourth, fifth, and six shots. And soon ten shots.3

Welcome here the drunk Jen!!...........................24

DAMIAN'S P.O.V+

Theo, Scott and Peter were finally in the club. We were just chatting. Scott was explaining how one girl was about to give him blow job when he entered the club. He is a total flirty amongst us. 9

Just then my eyes fell on a girl wearing green satin top with black jeans. She is.....Oh my god, she is Jenifer. What is she doing here? Come on Damian is it only you who is allowed to come to the clubs?I mean, I never thought of her as a clubbing person. And by the looks of her, she was completely wasted. Why is she alone?1

I excused myself from the guys and went down to her.+

"Jenifer!!" I tapped her shoulder. She turned around and gave me a sly smile.+

"Hey hottie." She slurred.8

Yes completely drunk!2

"What are you doing here alone?"+

"I'm not alone, I'm- I'm here with my boyfriend." She blushed.1

What the heck! Boyfriend?+

"And who is your boyfriend?" 1

"You!!!!" She started laughing.33

I chuckled. There was literally no point asking her anything. I bet if she can even remember her name.+

As I looked around I saw Natasha dancing with some guy. To my luck Natasha, the guy, Mila my receptionist and some guy were coming towards me.+

"Mr. Wilson, hello." Mila said politely.+

"Is Jenifer with you guys?"+

"Yes, we were just here to celebrate my promotion." Natasha answered.+

"Alright. You all can go enjoy, I will drop Jenifer home." +

"No no. We will drop her. We will just leave." The guy with Natasha spoke.2

"I didn't ask you for your opinion." I said sternly to him.14

"Are you sure Mr. Wilson?" Mila asked.+

"Of course Mila. I'm your boss, not some enemy."+

"Okay. Good night Mr. Wilson.".........................+

"Let's get you home Jen!" I wrapped my hand around her waist and put her one hand around my neck.+

"But aren't you my boyfriend? Why are we not going to your house?" She asked.4

"Jen! You are completely drunk. Maybe because of that you haven't recognised I'm Damian. Your boss, remember?"+

"Oh you do look like him, right!! But you can't be him. Noo!" She pouted.+

"Why? Why can't I be him?"+

"Because he is just so handsome and hot and intimidating and such a workaholic. He can't be here in a club."+

Handsome and hot? Ms. Martin?17

"I'm sorry to say but I am Damian Wilson. Believe it or not."+

By now we were seated in my car and towards her house. Throughout the ride, Jen kept talking such random things. I was loving it. I have never seen this side of hers. Of course in office she was always abiding by my orders. But not to forget her in between random sassiness.1

"Jen! We are here. Where are your house keys?" I asked patting her couple of times.+

"In my coat." She said with eyes closed.+

"And where is your coat?" I asked almost knowing what her answer will be.+

"At the club!!" She laughed.16

Oh boy!16

*****************Hey guys, I hope you like the chapter. Any guess what will happen next? Comment down below.1

Tell me are you a club person? About me, I haven't been to a club yet.14

Vote comment and follow !+

Publish date: 19/06/21+

Love,A.+

DAMIAN'S P.O.V+

"Hey Jen! Wake up, we are at my house." I softly tapped on her cheek.+

"Let me sleep, please." She snuggled in my chest.2

I chuckled and shook my head. I lifted her in bridal style and took her to the guest room. I slowly placed her on the bed. I took her sandals off,  her earings and watch. 4

I sat beside her on the bed gazing at her. She is such an amazing woman. She is so brave, kind, smart, hardworking, beautiful. I caressed her face. I noticed she was sobbing. She was murmuring something in her sleep.1

"Jenifer?" I tried to wake her up.+

"Jen!" I said softly.+

"Why-why did he do this t-to me Damian? Why did he cheat on me?" She said this in her sleep.5

Ohh so this is about her ex boyfriend!+

"He didn't even give me any closure. My best friend too. How could she do this to me? Am I not good enough?" She opened her eyes and looked at me. I knew she was little less drunk than before.+

Am I not good enough?+

"Jen!!! Hey please don't cry because of that asshole. You are such a wonderful woman. You are so beautiful, smart, hardworking, kind. I know that. Don't cry over that asshole and your bitch friend. They don't deserve you at all." I stroked her cheeks.2

"You really think so?" She mumbled.+

"Of course I do. And you know what else I think?" +

"What?"+

"You deserve the world." I smiled.+

And I am going to give you that.50

"Thank you really." I know she was referring to the earlier part.+

"Good night! You need to rest." I took one last glance at her and was about to leave when Jenifer grabbed my wrist.+

"Please stay." She whispered.3

As much I liked the fact she said to stay, I knew she might not like it when she wakes up tomorrow sober. +

I just thought I will stay till she sleeps. Once she is asleep I will go to my room.7

"Okay." I gave her a small smile.+

I laid down beside her. She kept her head on my left arm. I wrapped my hands around her body. +

I wanted her to feel good about herself. I didn't have slightest of idea that my personal assistant who always sass around, doesn't take any bullshit about her, can be so vulnerable due to that asshole. ..........................+

JENIFER P.O.V+

Ouch!! Ouch ouch!!! My head hurts so much. I gradually open my eyes to find myself in completely different surroundings. This... this is not my room. Oh my god where the hell am I? I look at my side. Oh my mother!!! Damian is sleeping beside me with his hands wrapped all over my body.12

What happened last night? I check my clothes. They are still from last night. I don't feel any pain down there, so mostly no sex.21

"So would you have liked it if we have had sex?"16

Wait a second who is speaking with such deep husky voice? Of course none other than Damian Wilson.+

"Why do you always scare me like this? Can't you say simple hello hi first." I rubbed my temples.+

"Snappy in the morning! I don't blame you. You must have a massive hangover." He got up and sat next to me.+

"We didn't do anything last night, right?"I asked him softly.+

"No nothing. I think you should by now know I wouldn't take any advantage of you." He rather spoke a little hurt.3

"I'm sorry. I didn't mean it that way. It's just that I can't remember a thing from last night."+

"Nothing happened. I saw you at the club. You were completely wasted. Your friends were dancing so I told them I will drop you off. When we reached your home, you told me you forgot your keys in the coat which is in club. So I took you with me to my home which is this." He said all in one breath.3

"Oh. And after reaching here, I hope I didn't give you any trouble."+

"Well, you spoke your heart out. That's not at all any trouble." He shrugged.+

Spoke my heart out?+

"What? What did I say to you? Gosh this better be not some embarrassing stuff!" I palmed my face.+

"You-you spoke about your ex- boyfriend and best friend. You......."+

"Oh my gosh, wait." I widened my eyes as I remembered everything I said. Not good enough. Closure. You deserve the world, said Damian.+

"I'm so so very sorry. You had to hear it all out. I really didn't mean to. You are my boss, for god's sake. Please just ignore and forget everything I said."1

"Hey hey, don't do this. Yes I'm your boss, but you should not regret expressing your emotions. It's completely alright to do that."2

"Thank a lot Damian. I-I really appreciate it."  I smiled genuinely at him.+

"Alrighty, now enough of talking without brushing our teeth. You get freshen up, I told Mason to pic couple of work outfits. He will be here any minute. After that, will have breakfast and head to office, only if you are hangover free?"12

"Damian, you didn't need to do that. I could have gone home. And plus of course I am coming to the office today."2

"Are you sure?"+

"Of course today is the big presentation of yours. The Italian client which we were waiting for so long is coming. And if I stay home, who will handle your beast mode in the office?" Saying I got up.2

"Ahaa, the beast mode! Am I really in beast mode in the office?" He said coming close to me.2

"You bet. Jenifer bring the photo copy of this document, two lattes please, call the sales executive right away, book a reservation in Hyatt, tell Mason to pick my suit, blah blah blah..........." I mocked him, and I didn't know when he got so close to me.3

Our nose were touching, he held my one hand. With other hand, he tucked my hair behind my ear. My heart was beating so fast. I bet he could hear it. I looked into his eyes to find his eyes already gazing at me. I parted my lips to speak something but couldn't.8

"I think I can show you my beast mode somewhere here." He said in husky voice, he softly rubbed his finger on my bottom lip. Holy moly!80

"I-I.... Damian, i-its........" I was not able to utter a word. He had that effect on me. +

To further embarrassment, two voices erupted from downstairs I guess.+

"Is anybody home?"7

"Holy crap!!" Damian mumbled and looked away.1

I looked at him with confusion.+

"They are my siblings. I'm sorry." He said and left me to go downstairs.+

And very weirdly, I missed his warmth the second he left me.2

You are surely acting super weird Jen!1

******************Hi birdies, I hope you like this chapter. Little sneak peak into their chemistry. 4

Please vote comment follow me. Tell me how will the sibling meet go in the next chapter? Throw away your guesses.😁5

A/N:Also from now on I won't be updating much till one month, due to my exam. My mom has literally ordered me to reduce my screen time and focus on studies. 🥺1

Love,A.+

DAMIAN'S P.O.V+

"What are you guys doing here?" I said to the two young people in my house  aka my siblings.+

"Good morning to you too Damian." My sister Emelia taunted.+

"What took you so long to get down?" My brother Sebastian asked.2

"Um, I-I was just busy." I murmured and went towards the kitchen.+

Just then Jenifer came in the view, dressed for work. How fast is she?+

"Oh I see. Busy with a girl." Emelia sneered. 1

The case is, she doesn't like my one night stand culture. I have told her that I am waiting for my girl, and one night stands is just a distraction. But Milsy (I call her that) being a girl, she says I'm a heartbreaker.+

"Milsy, you are getting it wrong." I told her.+

"Then who is this pretty lady?" Seb asked looking at Jen.+

"I am Jenifer Martin. Personal assistant of Mr. Damian Wilson aka your brother." She introduced herself.+

"So what are you doing here? Before work?" Milsy asked with suspicion.+

"Actually I- I mean............"+

"She got in trouble last night. I helped her. She just stayed in. Okay? Or do you have any other questions to be asked Ms. Emelia Wilson?" +

"Did you sleep with her?" 2

This girl? My sister!+

"Nooo! Emelia now stop it!!" I raised my voice a little. I normally don't do that with these guys.+

"Okay I'm sorry. I'm sorry Jenifer. It's just that this asshole has a habit of sleeping with random girls." 12

Jen let out a small laugh, "That's okay. Being his assistant, I actually do know about this habit." She said giving me a teasing smile.1

What is this girl? She meets my friends who are super rude with any girl I introduce them too, but with her they get super friendly. My sister who doesn't like any girl I tell her about, is getting befriended by her. 1

"You are lit girl! We are going to be such good friends!" Milsy gave a hifi to Jen.5

"Jenifer I might introduce myself as this douches brother, Sebastian Wilson. But I prefer when people call me Seb." 8

What is wrong with these two? First asshole then douche? Wow!+

"You guys have such a nice vocabulary for your brother I am noticing." I playfully hit them on their heads.1

They both just laughed.+

"Well, it's nice to meet you Seb." Jen smiled.+

"Like wise." Seb replied.+

"Now you there Mister. Provide us with some breakfast. We are getting late for school and university." Milsy ordered me.+

"Are you really my younger sister? Why are you so bossy? And no I'm not providing with you with any food. For your kindest information, I burnt down the kitchen while cooking when I was in high school."+

"I'm hungry." Seb whined.+

"Me too!!! CEO to such a large group of companies and doesn't know how to cook." Milsy sassed.1

Remind me why I have spoiled her so much?2

"Milsy you are such a............" I was about to hit her with a pillow when Jen's voice stopped me.1

"If you guys don't mind, I can cook for you." She said softly.6

"You can cook?" Emelia's eyes widened with hope.+

"Just few things I learnt from my mother. But I'm sure you will like it."+

"Thank Jenifer!!" Sebastian said.+

"Jen you don't need to do this. I'm sure these idiots can manage in their school and uni." I said not wanting to bother her.+

"No Damian it's completely alright. Maybe you can take this as a thanks for last night." She sweetly said. "And also my mother used to say breakfast is the most important meal of the day. You should not miss it at any cost."2

"I wouldn't take it as a thanks but fine you can cook."+

"I will be on it."...............................+

JENIFER'S P.O.V+

"Breakfast is ready guys!!" I yelled from the kitchen.+

Wow I sounded like a mom!1

"Coming!" I heard all the three voices.10

While I was making breakfast Damian got ready for work. He also spent time talking with his siblings. I noticed he doesn't get much time from work to spend with his family. From now on I will ensure he will get at least a day or half to spend with his family and friends.5

I could hear their talking a little bit. Mostly they were arguing about something which I am not sure of. But I knew it was brothers versus Emelia. She sounded sweet but witty girl. Sebastian seemed gentleman, mature just like his brother.+

"What are we having for breakfast?" Seb asked as they all took their seat at the table.+

"I have made burritos, bacons and eggs and some strawberry smoothie." I placed everything at the table.6

"Oh my god!! Everything looks so tempting." Emelia exclaimed.+

Damian took the first bite of burritos, I was nervous from inside. To be honest, I had never cooked so much alone, and not for outsiders.+

"Ummm, why are you not my chef Jen? This burrito is extremely delicious. I can eat hundreds of them." He said.+

"Omg thank you so much." I grinned at him.+

We all ate our breakfast with mostly Emelia talking. Seb and her both loved the breakfast. I'm really glad they liked it. 1

"Jenifer you have gotta explain my brother. He is just being completely paranoid." Emelia said placing her hand on her hips as we completed our breakfast.4

"It's just a date Damian. You are surely over over reacting." I said.+

"She is 17!" +

"I went on my first date when I was 15." +

"Okay fine. Just a dinner date, no going to his place and he shouldn't come to our place."+

"Yeah yeah." Milsy replied.+

"Now we should leave Eme, we are already little late. Jenifer thank you so much for such a wonderful breakfast." Seb said getting his bag.+

"Thank you Seb." Jen smiled.+

"Jenifer please be in touch, I will drop by the company sometime soon, to meet you and to trouble my lovely brother." Milsy hugged me  and narrowed her eyes at Damian.+

"Bye Damian." +

"Take care." Seb and Damian did a bro hug.2

"Now even if you say all bad things about me, I still remain your brother. Are you going to give me a hug or what?" Damian asked Milsy.+

"As much as you annoy me, your hugs are still the best." Milsy giggled and hugged him.+

DAMIAN'S P.O.V+

I could see Jen looking at us with a warm smile, probably admiring us and missing her brother. I should give her a holiday so she can go to California to meet her brother.3

After my siblings left, I turned to Jen to say thank you but she beat me to it.+

"Say anything but thank you. I think I have had enough thank you for my whole life." +

"Jen!! You are really different." I scratched my temple.4

"Let's leave now, we are super late." She shrugged.+

I nodded and we left for work.+

*****************Namaste! (Greetings in Hindi) something different than hey and hi. I hope you guys liked the bonding of Wilson siblings. 19

I managed to publish this chapter in between my studies. Pls vote comment and follow me.2

Publish date: 02 July 2021+

Love A.+

JENIFER'S P.O.V+

"Jen in my cabin now!!" As usual Damian's voice was heard in my intercom.+

I sighed, I took my notepad my pen and went towards his cabin.+

I knocked his door, he answered come in from inside. As my clue I went in.+

"Yes Damian?" +

"Jen I need you to tell Charles my pilot to prepare the flight for Athens. I will be flying out little late tonight."6

"But there isn't any meeting there?" I spoke slowly, I didn't want to intrude but still I asked.+

"I do. You don't know about this meeting. Because there is no meeting. I'm going there to meet my parents. They are there for vacation. And I really don't know the reason why they have called me there."3

"Ohh, okay. So there isn't any work thing."+

"Nope. I will be back by the weekend." He winked.2

"Alrighty then. I will do the needful." I turn to leave when he says something else.+

"Jen!!" 3

"Yeah?"+

"In my absence, Theo will come by to check everything once in a day or two. Just update him with everything. And of course any major problem you can always call me."+

"Of course. Don't worry about here. Enjoy your family time." I smiled. +

He nodded and I left from there..........................+

I sat at my desk wondering why I was wondering so much about Damian's sudden trip! Weird isn't it?+

I mean he is just going to meet his parents and have fun. I don't know I'm feeling little disappointed that I won't see him for a week. Oh please! We are not in a relationship to me start missing him. I am probably going to miss his ordering me around like I'm some kind of robot.+

Or maybe I'm just overthinking as always. Or maybe not.+

"Jen!!!" 1

"Uh-huh? I'm sorry." I swiftly got up from my chair.+

"What were you thinking?" Damian's voice full of amusement.+

"N-nothing. Nothing."+

"I will not buy that." He smirked.+

"I am not going to tell you what I was thinking. On work note, I have done what you told me to do." I walked in front of the table where he was standing. I guess I wanted to stand as close to him. Why am I being like this?+

"Fine, I'm leaving now. I will email you things which you need to do daily." He said in his business tone.+

"H-have a safe flight." Why am I stuttering?+

"Are you okay Jen?" He gently pressed my arm. Butterflies please stop your party for few minutes.6

"Yeah, yeah I'm good." I gave a tight lipped smile.1

"You never stutter in front of me. What's special today?" He asked with his eyebrow raised.7

"It's really nothing." I said slightly annoyed.+

"Are you going to miss me huh?" He came a little close to me.+

Butterflies please stop!!3

"Miss you? Me? Huh? Nooo!!"  I waved my hand.2

He chuckled, "Your face tells a different story though." He was now really close to me. The worst part I couldn't go back as I was already touching the table.+

"Don't you have flight to catch?" I folded my hands around my chest hoping to make little distance between us.+

"I own the flight Jenny." Now he had put his hands on the table completely trapping me.9

Butterflies in my stomach are having a gala party!!!!9

"W-what are y-you doing D-damian?" I had completely lost it.2

"Just making sure you are okay." 1

"And h-how are you g-going to ma........"Before I could complete my sentence his lips were on mine. Holy shit!!114

Out of shock my eyes closed. I could feel him pulling towards him by my waist. Damian was kissing me tenderly. But why is he kissing me? To support myself, I placed my hand on his shoulder. I didn't kiss him back. How could I? I mean how could he? He is my boss!!13

One last time, he placed a soft lingering kiss on my lips. When we both opened our eyes, his eyes carried warmth, care, maybe like?+

While I was utterly confused. He slowly unwrapped his hand from my waist.+

Before hearing what I had to say, he said,"Good bye Jen! Miss me." And he left just like that!!!!6

I was a complete mess after that kiss. Thousand thoughts running marathon in my head. Why did he kiss me? Does he like me? And why now? Did he enjoy it? +

Though I couldn't kiss him back, I enjoyed it! That was one hell of a kiss. +

Oh Damian what have you done?8

**************Hey buddies, major twist in the chapter. I hope you enjoyed. Pls do vote comment and follow me. Thank you so much for 10,000 reads on CEO'S GIRL.+

Publish date: 07/07/21 +

Love,A.2

DAMIAN'S P.O.V+

I kissed her. I kissed Jen. I kissed my personal assistant. Jesus christ! I really saw some different emotions in her eyes when I went to say good bye to her. I honestly thought she was little disappointed that she is not going with me. Maybe I was wrong. So I kissed her. I wasn't wrong. Though she didn't kiss me back, she didn't push me either. 7

Frankly she was shocked. But in my gut I know she enjoyed the kiss. I can't wait to get back to her. I won't call or message her right now. I will give her some time to digest all this.................................+

I reached Athens safely. I was about to reach my parents vacation villa. They were staying there for two weeks now. Milsy and Seb were in New York because they had their school and university.+

I reached the villa. The villa was modern in architecture. My mother is a architect so she chooses every hotel, or house she lives in with utmost inspection and everything.1

"Hello mom!!!" I hugged her from back as she was sitting in lawn with dad beside her.1

"Damian!! You are here my boy." She turned around grinning at me.+

"Yes mom. I told you when I boarded the flight." +

"I know. But I am meeting you after so many days. I can't believe you are here."+

"There is someone whom you call dad standing right here." I hear my dad's voice faking hurt.+

"Dad!! How can I forget you?" I chuckled and hugged him.+

"How was your flight?" He asked me. +

"Good as usual. Now you guys tell me how is your holiday going?"+

"Best. We are really enjoying ourselves. Aren't we Nick?" My mom lovingly looked at dad.1

"Yes darling." Dad pecked mom.+

My mom dad still sometime behave as if they are in high school. They were high school sweethearts.+

"Mom what was the matter you called me so urgently?" I asked as I sipped coffee.+

"Yes that. I called you here to meet a girl. You will  go out with her for dinner. You will get to know her. If you like her and she likes you which I know she will, we can proceed with further discussion." My mom gradually dropped the bomb.46

"Mom!! You know my plane is still at the airport. Do you want me to go back right away?"1

"Damian just one dinner. It won't harm you. Please? She is a nice girl."+

"Mom noo! I'm not getting married right now. And not when I haven't met the girl I love." 6

"Damian son, just give this girl a chance. You never know, she can be your girl, your soulmate."+

"Dad not you too please. Why do don't you guys understand?" I was now irritated with there constant convincing me to get married.+

"Dear please try and understand. Just meet her once, please for me." My mom with her most pleading tone said it.+

How can I say no to now? Mom!!!+

"Fine fine. I will do it. I will meet her just once."15

"Don't worry. If you meet her once, I'm sure you will be smitten by her and will meet her more than once."+

"Let's see. When am I meeting her?" +

"Tonight you are going to have dinner with her." Dad answered.+

"Impatient aha?" Mom winked.+

"Mom! I need to get back to New York to work." To Jen.....6

"Yeah yeah. I know how much workaholic you are."+

I chuckled..................................+

After getting for ready my "date" with Stephanie, the girl my mom wants me to meet I called Theo.8

"Hey dude, just check on the office. Jen will be there. She will manage it well, but just go there once. And tell me how is Jen."+

"Okay okay. By the way, you are really curious to know about Jen." I could hear teasing in his tone.+

"There is a reason for that."+

"And what is that reason? If I may ask."+

"I kissed Jen before I came here."2

"WHAT?!! You kissed her? So you like her? Yesss my best friend finally likes a girl."+

"Calm down Theo I..........."+

"I can't keep calm because my best friend is in love." He sang the last part.5

"Theo now you are going too much. I have just kissed her. And she didn't kiss me back. I kinda left just like that."+

"Why did you do that?" Theo screamed. And I'm sure even if I was not on his call I would have heard it just like that. He was that loud.+

"I don't know, I thought to give her time to process all that."+

"When you come back I want you to talk to her about it okay?" Theo ordered me.+

"I can if my mom doesn't set me up with one of her friend's daughter."+

"What happened?"+

"I'm going to meet a girl Stephanie, for my supposed marriage."6

"What?!! You can't do that. You kissed Jen you remember that don't you?"5

"Yeah I do. I'm just meeting her for the formality."+

"Fine. I will head to meet Jen now." Theo concluded.+

"Okay but don't give any hint about me."+

"Alrighty. I hope your date is worst with that girl." 8

I chuckled, "Bye."..........................+

JENIFER'S P.O.V+

It was next day, the day after Damian left. I was still overwhelmed with what happened last night. The kiss. I haven't told anyone about it. Not Natasha nor Mia nor my brother.+

I was currently typing a report which I needed to email Damian before lunch.+

"Good morning Jenifer." A voice stopped me from typing.+

I looked up to find Theo at my desk. A smile formed on my face. Theo seemed nice guy when we met earlier.1

"Morning Theo. How may I help you?" I got up.+

"A perfect assistant tone I see."+

"I have got habitual to it." I chuckled.+

"Good. How's everything going? Any trouble?"+

"Not for now. I was just typing sales meeting report to email to D-Damian. Have you heard from him?" I nervously asked.+

"Yes he called me today to just tell me to come here and see everything." Theo said, he didn't give any expression or hint that he knew about this kiss or Damian talked about it.3

"Okay. Did he say anything about me? I-I mean any specific work for me?" I tried to ask him one more time.+

"No he didn't mention anything about you. Just incase you have difficulty in anything call me."+

So he didn't even ask about me.3

Maybe I am overreacting over just a kiss. He would have forgotten too. It was just a kiss. But then why in the first place did he kissed me? He didn't say anything to me after the kiss. He just went. I guess I'm overthinking about it. He will not even remember about it when he comes back. But, I..... I kinda enjoyed the kiss. Of course I did. I can still feel the breath of his lips on mine. 5

Should I forget too?15

****************Hey, hope you enjoyed the chapter. If you did please vote comment follow me.1

Question:- What's your age?I will turn 19 in next month:)118

Love,A.+

DAMIAN'S P.O.V+

I was waiting for Stephanie in a very posh restaurant. My mom had made the reservation for dinner. It looked really amazing. The best part was the live music. Remind me to take Jen to a restaurant with live music. She will surely love it. 8

Presently I was waiting for this woman for 30 minutes. One more minute and I'm out of here. That way I will convince mom that she wasn't meant for me.+

Luck was not on my side, she entered the restaurant. Well I hade seen her photo so I know how she looks like. In reality she wore more make up. She was wearing a red mini dress with no straps. In short dress was too revealing for a first time meeting.9

When she reached the table, out of sheer politeness nothing else I stood up. She just lunged on me. I had to hold her otherwise she would have fell.2

"Oh my god Damian!! I'm was so damn excited to meet you. I was getting ready since morning today." She squealed in her very irritating voice.24

"Yeah I noticed." I pointed at her clothes.+

"Aww did you like it?" She grabbed my arms.+

Just not wanting to be rude, I answered, "Yeah, you look good."1

Her eyes lost the excitement for a moment probably because she was expecting a long sentence full of compliments for her style and looks.3

"Thank you, you look very handsome and hot." She batted her eyelashes.3

"Thanks please have a seat." I motioned her to sit.+

After we sat the waitress gave us the menu. +

"What will you have?" I asked her.+

"I will just have a quinoa salad with red wine." She said in her sophisticated voice.2

"Just salad? Are you sure you don't want anything else?" I asked little shocked.6

"No. I'm on my diet so nothing but salad for me." She said proudly.+

"Alrighty then. Excuse me please?" I called the waitress.+

"One quinoa salad for the lady and Chicken fried rice. And also make two glass of red wine."+

"Sure sir. Thank you." The waitress nodded and left.+

"Damian tell me about you." I don't know why but whatever she is saying is sounding so loud and overly excited.+

"Well I'm businessman in New York. I own the Wilson Clothing. You must have heard about it?"+

"Of course!! I love your brand. And there's no doubt. I love your own personal clothing style."10

Embarrassed, "Thank you." +

"So what is your take on love?" She asked.+

Oh so deep! "I always say love is the only thing which keeps us sane. Without love, there is no life." 4

"I'm impressed Damian. Well, for me love is a part of life. There are so many other aspects in life like money, stability. I mean money is so much important."21

"I agree money is important, but not more than love." 4

"What would you do with love if you don't have money? You will live on streets?" 10

Why is she so shallow?2

"Yes I would. If you have a person who you love and loves you back, that is your home. You don't need four walls to find a home. Home is where your loved one is."10

"I............."+

"Here are your meals sir and madam." The waitress served us.2

Both of us had our meal in complete silence. To be honest I didn't want to talk to her after knowing all that she loves in her life is money. I can't date a girl like her let alone marry her.12

"I gotta go. I had a good time. But I'm sorry, this can't continue. You and I want different things from life." I concluded our "date".2

"But Damian we can try few more dates. I'm sure we will be perfect for each other." She said in her tone.4

"Stephanie please it's better if we go our different ways."+

I say and call a cab for her.1

"Goodbye Stephanie." I say and motion her to sit in the cab.+

She looked at me with a very negative expression. It was like wait and watch expression. But I will deal with it later. Right now I just need to go home and relax............................3

"Mom, dad. I'm home."+

"We are at the pool honey." I can hear my mom's voice.+

As soon as I stepped in the pool area, my mom who was sitting near the pool with her legs dipped in water asked me,"How was your date?"+

What should I answer her? I think I should be honest with her.+

"Mom it is not what you think. I met Stephanie. But we are very different people. We want different things from life. So I think this topic is over for good now."+

"Ohh honey. I really thought you two could be a thing." Mom said sadly.+

"Mom!! It's okay. I will meet my girl at the right time." I gave her a side hug.4

"Or maybe you have already met her. You just need to figure out that she is the one. Girl of your dreams." Dad came towards us. He loved swimming very much. He was the one who taught me all the strokes of swimming.3

"Dad. What do you mean?" I asked little confused. +

"I mean to say that maybe she has already entered in your life. But right now you don't know that she is the girl of your dreams. Your everything." Dad explained.+

"I- I will think about it dad."+

"Good night hon." Mom smiled.1

"Night."........................+

I laid down on bed thinking about what dad said earlier. She has already entered your life. She is girl of your dreams.+

Jenifer.1

The only girl who came in my mind. She has already entered in my life. And she has impressed me absolutely. +

Is Jenifer the girl of my dreams?69

**************Hey guys. I hope you like this chapter. Pls vote comment and follow me. +

Sorry no Jen in today's update.+

Did you like Stephanie?😂122

Name one thing from your bucket list. Mine would be to learn horse riding. 38

Love,A.2

JENIFER P.O.V+

It was next Monday I was sipping my coffee at office. If you are wondering was Damian back? The answer is no. He isn't back yet. He told me he would come by Friday but today i.e Monday he still isn't here. And yes how much I didn't want to miss him, honestly I did miss him last week. I used to work whole day in office. I was busy entirely but still something was missing. I could feel it.+

Damian's yelling, Damian's smirk, Damian's "I need Jenifer coffee", Damian's "Bring me this file right now, it felt so different without him in the office.+

And last but certainly not the least, the fact that he kissed me was going in my mind everyday every minute. I know I should forget about it but I can't. There has to be some reason why he kissed me. Be it lust, but something has to be there.1

Suddenly I remembered I had to take Expenses file from Damian's cabin and give it to Natasha. I got up and went in his cabin.+

I went towards the file shelve and was searching for it. I really need to rearrange this shelf today itself. It was really messy.I didn't know when someone came in the cabin, stood just behind me.+

"Good morning." The familiar, deep, husky voice was heard. He actually whispered in my ears. So imagine he was that close. No prize for guessing, electric current was passed through my body.6

Damian Wilson, why do you always do this to me?2

I turned around to find him gazing at me. My back was touched to the shelf. He was standing so close, actually he had caged me between his hands on the shelf. +

"You are back!" I smiled genuinely.+

"I am. Did you miss me?" The amusement flickered in his eyes.+

"What?" I just muttered.+

"I asked how was work in my absence?" He was still standing close.8

I'm sure this is not what he asked earlier. He asked me did I miss him?+

Jerk.+

"It was great. All your employees fear you so much that even when you weren't here, they worked well." I said without stuttering amid he was standing so close.+

"Good. I'm proud of myself for that."+

"Are we going to talk like this the whole day?" I said motioning so little space between us.+

"I kinda don't have any problem. But I also need to work with my laptop so, will have to move. I hope you don't mind." He gave a teasing smile. He was enjoying this.+

"Absolutely not Mr. Wilson." I said to irk him. And it did irk him.+

"Jen, Damian it is."+

"Oops, I forgot. You know you weren't there for a week. I tend to forget it."+

"Did you just forget my name or did you even forget me?" He whispered this in my right ear. That means our cheeks were touching each other. His one hand on my waist and other on the shelf. My both hands clutching his coat for my dear life.+

"Jen!! I think you should........" Natasha barged in the cabin.19

Oh no! Damian and I are in such a awkward, indecent position.6

Her eyes widened to a extent where I could literally see her eyeballs popping out.+

"Oh my god! I-im so sorry Mr. Wilson. I'm really sorry." She turned around quickly.3

Damian shook his head and went over to his chair and sat. I went and stood a little far from the book shelf.+

"You don't have basic manners to knock your boss's cabin Natasha?" Damian roared.+

Natasha turned around and looked at me for help, but I looked at her with pity. Right now I can't do much.+

"I'm sorry Mr. Wilson. I didn't know you came back. I thought only Jen was in here. That's why..........."+

"That's why you barged in like you own this company. You recently got promotion didn't you? I think I should........."+

"Damian please. It was a innocent mistake by her and she said sorry. Don't be hard on her." I had to interject now. He may have cancelled her promotion. And she truly deserved it.+

"I'm really sorry sir." Natasha looked down.+

Damian glared at her, then looked at me with a look that said "What now?"Then I gave a look "Let her go."2

"Fine. You may go Natasha." He still looked so fearful.+

"Thank you Mr. Wilson, thanks Jen." She smiled at me.+

"Don't worry. Go." I smiled back.+

She went out of the cabin literally running. I can imagine her fear.+

"So where were we?" Out of nowhere Damian was behind my back.12

Is he alien?19

I turned around to face him, "I was telling you how dedicated your employees are."+

"Ah yes. They fear me actually. By the way, just give me the expense file. I will check it and give it to you. Then you can take copies of that and circulate to all the HOD."+

"Alrighty. It's in the right second drawer of your table."+

"Okay. And I need Jenifer Martin coffee please. Coffee in Athens tasted bland. No offence though. But I missed your coffee."He said in pretty desperate voice.+

I sheepishly smiled. "I will be on it. Anything else?"I was hoping he comes up with the kiss thing. I wanted an explanation. I'm not a girl who kisses around guys just like that. So that kiss meant something for me, and I hope it meant something to him too.+

"No nothing. You may go." +

Wow just wow. Jerk. Why does he have to be so casual?2

******************Hey. I hope you liked this update. Please vote comment follow me.+

Comment the ship name you would like for Jenifer and Damian? The one I like the most will be chosen and will also get a follow from me.Hurry up!😄45

Publish date: 20/07/21+

Love,A.+

DAMIAN'S P.O.V+

I know that Jen was trying to talk me of the kiss. She was trying really hard. But I had other plans. I wanted to talk to her about this with full time. And now I needed to get back to work. So I said what I said........................1

JENIFER'S P.O.V+

"What the hell was that?" Natasha screamed in my ears when I came at my table.3

I know it was coming. She saw us in a very awkward moment. Obviously she was going to bug me.+

"There's nothing to tell. I swear." I sat in my chair and started checking through some files.+

"Don't try to fool me. Jen you guys were so close to kissing. Did you guys kiss later? What's going on?" Nats was not able to keep her mind sane.+

"No we didn't kiss. There is nothing going on between us. It's just.........."+

"You like him?" +

I look up at her. "I do I guess." I say softly looking down.2

"Okay Jen. Okay. Damian is a good guy but till date he hasn't been in a relationship at least that's what tabloids tell. Have you talked about it to him?"+

"Noo!! Are you mad? He is my boss. I'm just his personal assistant. He can't fall for me."10

"Okay now you are being insane. You are beautiful, smart, caring. Which guy wouldn't want you?"2

"Okay okay. Keep all this aside. Why did you come here?"2

"Ahh yes. I wanted to know whether Mr. Wilson is back? My boss wanted to have a urgent meeting with him and all the other marketing employees."2

"I will ask him and arrange that." I nodded thinking of the schedule of Damian for today.+

"Alright. Mail me the schedule. I will be going now. But remember our talk is not finished."2

I nodded.............................+

I was checking the expense file Damian told me to go through, then suddenly Max appeared infront of my table.+

"Hey beautiful." He bent down a little bit.+

"Hi Max. How are you today?" I smiled.+

A little piece of information, Max Fisher is a employee of Wilson Clothing in the Purchase Department. He is a good looking guy, well mannered. He has been asking me if I would like to go out with him since last week. He seems like a good guy, but whatever happened with Caleb, I just don't want to go there right now. Or maybe I have kinda developed feelings for my boss. 6

"So formal Jenifer. Now I'm your friend right?" +

"Right now I'm just Mr. Wilson's personal assistant. So what are you here for?" I said teasing him. +

"Well, if that's the case, I'm here for asking you that have you thought about the date?"+

"I did. And I have concluded that I'm sorry. But right now I really can't date you or anyone else for that matter."+

"Alright Alright. I really don't know about your past. But I'm asking for just one dinner. After that if you decide to be just friends I will be okay with it. No pressure."+

I thought for couple of minutes, what's harm in one dinner? And thing about my feelings about my boss, I'm sure those are just temporary infatuation. It can't be anything concrete. Also, there's rare chance Damian would also feel same thing about me. I'm sure he would have completely utterly forgotten about the kiss.4

"Okay, but just one dinner." I tilted my head a little bit giving him a small smile.8

"Thank you, I'm make sure you will have a great time."+

I smiled, nodded, "When and where?"+

"How about tonight? There's this amazing place with the most amazing Mexican menu? Wait do you like Mexican?"+

"Yes I do. Sounds good to me."+

"Okay I will come to pick you up at 7. Text me your address."+

"I will."+

"Okay see you later."+

"See you." I said and went to Damian's cabin to tell him about the expense file........................+

"May I come in?"+

"Come in." I heard his voice.+

"Yes Jen?" He said looking up at me as I entered his cabin.+

"I checked through this file. It will need few corrections. Should I discuss this with you now?"+

"Um, right now I'm busy. How about after work we discuss this over dinner? Don't worry, I will pay overtime." He suggested.+

But tonight's the date with Max.2

"I know you will pay me overtime as you always do, but tonight I can't. I have plans. I'm sorry."+

"Plans? With whom?" He looked up.+

"I think that's none of your business." I said softly.13

"It is. Because I want you to be present with the me for work purpose and you say you have got plans. I need to know your plans." He somewhat screamed and got up from his chair.5

"Look still I don't have to tell you about my plans."+

"Jen, I'm asking last time, with whom are you going out?" He asked with gritted teeth.He was now standing beside me.2

"Damian, why do you even care? You didn't even remember about........."I just stopped. What was I saying? I was about to ask him about the kiss.What am I thinking?+

"What are you talking about Jen?" 10

"Nothing, look just let me go. This conversation is going nowhere."+

"Remember what Jen?"+

"Nothing, don't press it." I turned around so that he can't see my embarrassed face.+

But I tend to forget he is a human being. He came and stood in front of me, holding my arms with his hands. I was looking at me feet, my heels. I have a pretty good pumps.3

"Jen? What were you saying earlier? Be honest with me." He said in his soft voice, and there I melted. +

Butterflies butterflies everywhere!+

"You don't even remember about the kiss we shared." I looked up.32

There you go!! I said it. On your face.....4

****************Hi peeps, hope I am giving you a good piece for reading. If you did enjoy, pls make sure to vote comment and follow me.+

Question: What does happiness means to you?44

Publish date: 25/07/21+

Love,+

A.+

DAMIAN'S P.O.V2

"You didn't even remember about the kiss." Jen said softly.+

Oh my sweet girl.32

"Jen?" I slowly lifted her chin up with my finger.1

"What?" She asked.+

"I remember everything about the kiss." I said looking into her eyes.+

"You do?" She asked softly, sounding unsure.+

"Yes I do. I didn't forget. That kiss meant a lot to me. Throughout my stay in Athens, it was just you in my mind." I wrapped my hands around her waist securely, closing the distance between us.+

"I'm flattered Mr. Wilson." She gave me a teasing smile.2

"So does that mean I get to kiss you again?" I put a strand of her hair behind her ear.+

"I think so, yes." She chuckled.17

I wasted no time in crashing my lips on her. As if the time stopped right there, nothing else existed for me. It was just us, showing each other our care for each other through a kiss. Her lips felt so soft against mine. I could kiss her forever. This girl is making me go crazy about her.5

After kissing for some time we broke apart. But still I kept her close to me.+

JENIFER P.O.V+

My heart fluttered throughout the kiss. My knees went weak, thank god he was holding me. He smells so good. His smell is hypnotic. And of course not to forget the butterflies party in my stomach.3

I enjoyed the kiss, I wanted to kiss him more, but I also had to ask him something.+

"What are we Damian?" 20

He looked at me, deeply thinking about something."I will be honest with you.  Its not just fun thing with you. I really do care about you. I won't do anything to hurt you Jen."15

"I get it but don't you think this, us, is wrong. You're my boss. I just can't get that thing out of my mind."4

"There is nothing wrong Jen. We will be just like any other people who are dating and also happen to work together."1

I smiled at his effort trying to tell me how this isn't wrong, "We don't work together. I work under you. I'm your personal assistant."20

"Jen!!!" He looked at me warningly, with tight lip.+

"Okay okay. But we can't tell about this to anyone. Other than your family, friends and my family, friends. I understand that you are a public figure, but I really don't want people with cameras hovering around me when I walk on streets." I explained to him my worry.+

"I understand your concern. I promise no one other than our family and friends will know about this until you are sure about it. And I will make sure no paparazzi will come near you." He said placing a soft kiss on forehead. It's a first!7

We were hugging each other, taking time to feel each other's body. The care, the warmth, everything.1

And suddenly I remembered. Oh shoot!+

"Oh my god!!" I pulled away from the hug and rubbed my temple.5

"What? What is it?" Damian looked at me worried.+

"I had a date with Max tonight, like right now."5

"You had a date?  Are you serious?" He baffled.+

"I thought you didn't remember the kiss or you regret the kiss. So I said yes to Max for a dinner date tonight. He has been asking me for a while." I say slowly taking judgment about when's he gonna burst.+

"What? You thought like that? And who the hell is Max?" He nearly shouted the last part.+

"He works for your company."+

"Well, to start with whoever this guy is fired. And you are not going on date with him or anyone other than me from now on. Is that clear?" He was very serious and angry.27

Possessive Damian!!30

"Damian, I can agree on the second part but you can't fire Max. When he asked me out we were not going out. He didn't know. He is innocent. You will not fire him, okay?"+

"Jen why do you have to talk good about him? He is not your boyfriend. I'm your boyfriend. I don't want any man near you knowing he wants to date you." Damian said with a pout. How cute!44

"Damian, can't you trust me? Though Max wants to go out with me but I don't want to. I want to date you not him. Do you get it?"+

"Fine I won't fire him. But if he comes near you and ask you out again, he is fired." He glared.+

"Okay. Now let me tell him that I can't come to dinner." I took out my phone.+

"After that I will drop you to your home."+

"Alrighty." I gave him a peck on his cheek.+

I was about to dial Max's number, when Damian pulled me back. I collided with his chest. It was like he was back hugging me. He kept his face in the crook of my neck, placing soft kisses on my neck.14

"D-Damian?" It came out as a whisper.+

"What Jen?"+

"What are you doing?"+

"I'm just kissing my girl."47

My girl sent shivers through my whole body. Why did he have to say that. Ooh!1

"My girl?"2

"Yes, you are my girl." He gave me lingering kiss on lips.21

How am I going to handle this sexy, hot, handsome, caring man?27

*****************Hey lovelies, hope you're doing well. If you like this chapter please vote comment and follow me.+

Oohlalalal! Finally they are dating! Hurrah! What do you feel about this? Did you like it or was it too fast? Comment down. I wanna see your reactions.22

Sorry for little late update was caught up with exams. And this update is because it's my birthday today!!35

Publish date: 01/08/21+

Love,A.1

DAMIAN'S P.O.V1

"WHAT?!!" Theo, Scott and Peter screamed.+

"Yes guys, Jen and I are dating. You are not allowed to tell this to anyone, Jen wants to keep it private initially." I explained to them.2

"But how? Didn't she tell me that she is not up for dating?" Scott asked.+

"Yeah, but when I went to Athens I kissed her. Though she didn't kiss me back then, I knew that kiss meant something to both of us. When I came back, I tried behaving normal as if the kiss didn't happen, but Jen asked me that if that kiss meant something to me? And I couldn't refuse. So here we are dating!"1

"I'm happy you finally got a girlfriend, and a good one. Not some clingy slut." Scott smiled.12

"Yeah, good for you buddy. Jenifer seems a nice girl." Peter nodded.+

"I knew it this would be coming. I'm so happy for you man!" Theo hugged me.+

"Thank you thank you guys. Would you like to have something?" +

We were actually sitting at my office.+

"Jenifer Martin special coffee." They all said in unison. I chuckled.7

"Jen!! Theo, Scott, Peter and I want Jenifer Martin Special coffee." I said in the intercom.+

"I will be on it." Jen said from the other side, I'm sure she had a big smile on her face.+

Within 10 minutes, there was a knock on my cabin door. "Come on in!!"+

Jenifer entered the cabin with a sweet smile on her face. She looked beautiful everyday. She is stunning. She was wearing white shirt and light pink pant. She have worn a nude sandals.9

As she entered, my lips turned into a big smile, how can I not? She is just amazing. And we are dating. How can I not be happy about it?3

"Good evening everyone." She said addressing my friends.+

"Hey Jen, how are you?" Theo got up to hug her.+

"I'm good. What about you?" She asked with a smile on her face. I guess she feels comfortable with Theo the most as she have met him much more than Scott and Peter.3

"I'm feeling absolutely best as I got to know that you and this man Damian are dating."+

"I know right. Jen you said no to me and yes to him? I guess I will just go to attain salvation in the  mountains." Scott showed fake hurt.12

Jen laughed, "You are such a drama king Scott. I'm sure you are going to meet your love of the life pretty soon."9

"Dream on Jen. Scott and love? Hah! Not happening." I laughed.+

"Oh you shut up. You have got a super amazing girlfriend. Let me find mine now." Scott glared at me I know he is just kidding.+

"I'm shocked too.  I mean last time we met you were just his assistant. And now his girlfriend." Peter said.2

 JENIFER'S P.O.V+

"I thought you were going to keep mum the whole time. And for your knowledge, we met a month ago. A lot can happen in a month." Jen said in her sassy tone to Peter.8

"I'm staying away from you. You just speak so blunt yet so right. I can't handle you. I pray for you Damian." Peter shook his head.3

"You will get used to it. You are my boyfriends close friends. So will meet often Peter." I chuckled.+

"I wonder how your girlfriend or future wife will handle you. You are so quiet." I said without much thinking but then I knew I made a mistake.12

All three of them got so serious. Like their faces were just blank. I could feel the tension in air. I couldn't read any of them. +

"My wife died giving birth to our son. Our son didn't survive too." Peter broke the silence looking out of the window behind Damian.69

Oh my god! That's terrible.+

I looked at Damian to just believe this is true. I mean it is such unfortunate thing for Peter. I can't even imagine. Damian just nodded.+

"Oh my god Peter. I'm really very sorry. I didn't know." I said looking with sympathy towards Peter.1

"It's okay. It's been three years. I'm trying to move on." Peter gave a sad smile.4

"And you will move on." I smiled back.4

"Let's leave guys. We have our own companies to run." Theo got up.1

"Yes, my meeting is scheduled in an hour." Scott, who I have seen always joking and flirting was suddenly in business mode.+

"You work too?" I tried to my laugh.3

"Yes I work Jen." He glared at me and I glared in return.8

"Good bye Jenifer." Peter said putting his mobile in his pockets.+

"Bye Peter. See you guys." +

"Bye everyone." Damian waved.+

One by one everyone left the cabin leaving Damian and I alone.+

Damian hugged me from the back, keeping his head in the crook of my neck. He smelled my hair. 5

"Your friends are all so different." I said.+

"Yes, even I sometimes think how did we end up as friends? Like Theo and I were together in high school so it is obvious. But Scott and Peter we met through business. And now are very close friends. I hope they didn't make you uncomfortable." +

"No. Not at all. They are all good guys."+

"Okay now enough of other talks. Tell me would you like to have dinner with me tonight?" He asked kissing my cheek.1

In a week of dating Damian Wilson, I have come to know he is touchy touchy person. He likes to show affection by hugging, kissing, caressing me. And I love it. I don't like to bring my ex back but he never used to be so warm. He was very cold. I don't know why I fell for him.10

"I would love too. But is it okay if it's dinner at home? We can order Chinese. I just don't want to get dressed and go out tonight." 1

"Of course why not. Your house or mine?"+

"Mine would be better."+

"Alrighty. Let me complete my work and please call the Production  team tomorrow morning on urgent basis. I have to have meeting with them. Our demand is so much right now but couple of branches in San Jose have not been supplied with products." He said.+

I nodded positively, "I will be on it. Don't worry." Giving smile to him I left the cabin.+

  *****************+

Hey guys. I hope you like this chapter. Pls pls pls vote comment and follow me for more updates.+

I will be honest with you guys, now I'm having trouble thinking of story. I have 7-8 chapters ready as  draft but after that I don't have a story line. I would ask you would you like Stephanie to come back or Jen's ex Caleb to come back. Comment down okay?51

Love,A.+

JENIFER P.O.V2

"Jen come on!!" I heard Damian's voice from the living room. We both were at my house as decided. We ordered Chinese and I assume it has arrived as he is calling me out. I got showered and now was in my tshirt and shorts. The most comfortable clothes in the world.+

"Coming." I said and hurried out.+

When I reach my living room I see my loving boyfriend has set up everything on the dining table. Food, plates, glasses, fork, wine and candles. How romantic!+

"Oh my god, this is awesome Damian." I squealed and pecked his lips. He grabbed me by my waist and whispered,+

"Anything for my girl."19

I giggled like a teenage girl. This man right here is making me crazy. 1

We both sat, I served him noodles, he served me dumplings and some manchow soup. Everything looks delicious.+

I took the first bite of dumplings, "Ahh! This tastes heavenly."+

"Let me taste." He also took a bite of my dumpling. I narrowed my eyes at him, "Umm, it tastes amazing."3

"Why did you take mine? You have yours in your plate."+

"Because it will taste amazing only if I eat yours." He winked.17

"Enough of cheesy talk. Eat now." I nudged his elbow.+

He chuckled, "By the way Jen coming week I have a meeting with one of the major stakeholders of our company in LA. Assistance is not needed much but if you want you can come. You could meet your brother we could spend some time together outside work."+

"Mr. Garner?" I asked.+

"Yes how do you know?" +

"I know he is one of the major stakeholders of the company and he is from LA."+

"Efficient and smart." He smiled.1

"And yes I was going to ask you for my leave for couple of days this week. I have to go to LA anyways."+

"Why? What's the matter?" He looked at me worriedly.+

"Coming Thursday is my mom and dad's death anniversary. It will be 6 years now." I said with tears in my eyes. Gosh I miss them so much.24

"Oh god Jen come here." He pulled me on to his lap. He tucked my hair behind my ears. He gently cupped my face and wiped my tears.3

"They must be in good place and will be so proud of you." He whispered kissing my temple. I laid my head on his shoulder sobbing. I wish mom and dad would have been here. 6

"They would have been be so glad to meet you." I said. +

"Who says they are not watching us from heaven? They are blessing us."+

"You do know how to make me smile." I smile through the tears.+

"That's my duty Ms. Martin." He pecked my temple.5

"Enough of your sweet talk. I will get fat." I hit him in playfully.5

"Okay what do you want to do next?" He asked.+

"Watch a movie maybe?"1

"Movie it is."+

"And this girl over hear will like if her boyfriend will bring her some ice cream. She is really craving for it." I said little bit dramatically.+

"You are such a sweet talker and you say I will make you fat by sweet talk." Damian playfully nudged my nose.1

"Is that a yes Mr. Wilson?" I deliberately batted my eyelashes.1

"How can I say no to such a cute human? Which flavour?"+

"Yay you are the best. Chocolate chips please." Damian got up to call Mason his driver to bring us some ice cream.+

After fifteen minutes the doorbell rang, I quickly sprinted towards the door. When I opened I saw Mason with a brown bag which I assume has our ice creams.+

"Hello Ms. Martin here is your order." He politely said.+

"Mason please call me Jenifer. And thank you for this. Would you like to come in?" +

"No thank you Jenifer. Enjoy your ice creams. Good night." He smiled.+

"Night Mason."+

I shut the door and sat beside Damian who was so engrossed in the movie that he didn't even hear the doorbell.+

"Excuse me Mr. Wilson?" I waved my hand in front of his eyes.+

"Yes yes?" He looked at me.+

"Ice cream is here. You were so engrossed in the movie."2

"God I didn't even heard the doorbell sound."5

"Yes, but I heard. Here is your cookie dough and my chocolate chips."+

"Thank you."+

We started eating our respective ice creams, and me being me I forcefully took a bite of his ice cream.5

"Hey that's not fair. Don't eat my ice cream." He whined like a 3 years old boy.2

"I will of course. Learn to live with it. I have a habit of doing it."+

"Is it? So let me taste yours." He came forward but I shifted back.3

"Nooo. You can't have my ice cream."+

"What? You can have mine and I can't have yours? What kind of rule is this?" Give me yours. Now."2

"Nope nope no." I shook my head.+

"I'm decently asking you one last time Jenny." He raised his eyebrow so that I get scare.+

"No means no." I gave a wicked smile to him.+

"Alrighty you asked for it." He winked.+

What does he mean by that?+

Damian pulled me towards him, and he started tickling my stomach. Oh no! Fun fact: I'm ticklish as fuck.24

"No no no Damian!!" I tried keyword tried to say it in between the laughs.+

"You asked for it Jen." He didn't stop.+

"Please no Damian. Noo please. Oh my goodness." I was laughing so hard.+

"What's the magic word Jen?" He asked chuckling. 1

"You can have my ice cream but please stop." I finally said it.+

"That's like a good girl." And he finally stopped tickling me.9

Thank goodness +

"How did you know I'm ticklish?" +

"I didn't. It was a wild guess sweetheart." He winked and took a bite of my ice cream.3

 Sweetheart! My god gracious.+

"What happened?"+

"Nothing." I smiled. Did I just zoned out?3

*******************Hey peeps. Thanks for reading this chapter. If you did like it pls vote comment and follow me. +

Do suggest me if you wanna read something else regarding these two dating. Are you like there conversations?5

Love,A.+

HAPPY INDEPENDENCE DAY TO ALL MY FELLOW INDIANS!!Our soldiers protect us from each and every enemy risking their lives. They don't want to die for the nation but live and protect the nation. Salute to each and every freedom fighter and Army, Navy and Airforce soldier who protect us.  Let's do a bit to help them and act responsibly.******************15

JENIFER P.O.V+

Today Damian and I were flying out to LA. I was so happy, I was about to meet my brother after 2 months. Honestly we have never lived apart for this long time. Not even when he went to NYU. He used to come at least once in two months. And also I am excited to introduce Damian and Sam. I really hope Sam takes this positively. He was just like a normal elder brother before but since Caleb he turned into a over protective brother. I know Damian will manage everything he is the best but still I'm worried.+

"Where are you lost?" Damian clapped in front of my face. We were both seated in his private jet. I was wearing a black trouser and black top with brown orangish cardigan. I paired it with my black sunglasses.+


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                            11


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                            56

Pictures are just for the outfits!9

Yes guys unexpectedly we were twinning.+

"I was jus thinking how would Sam react to us?" I laid my head on his shoulder.+

"Don't worry Jen. I'm sure he will be happy for you. And besides I will take care of everything. When we will reach I will drop you to your house. Then we will meet for dinner with your brother tonight after I finish my meeting. How's the plan? I have already book a reservation for us. If you want your brother can bring his date too."3

"Oh Damian. You have thought so much already. Plan's good for me. And about bringing his date, I will have to ask him that first."+

"No issues just let me know."+

"Okay now I'm sleepy as fuck because you decided to wake me up early for the flight you own." Saying I got up faking anger.+

"I'm sorry Jen. I have work there even before meeting. You can sleep for the entire journey though."+

"What are you going to do then?"+

"Work." He chuckled.+

"Of course. Spending time with your second girlfriend." I hit him on his shoulder.+

"Aw, is my first girlfriend angry?" He got up and wrapped his hands around my waist.+

"So you really think work as your girlfriend? Damian!!" +

"No darling. You are my one and only girlfriend. Don't get angry." He softly kissed me melting my heart in a second.4

We kissed, made out for sometime and then I slept while he worked. This guy!17

————————————-+

"Jen? Jen!" Someone spoke my name so softly I knew it had to be Damian.+

"Ummm." I turned around in my sleep and wrapped my hands around his torso.+

"Get up come on. We have landed in LA." He kissed my cheek.+

I slowly opened my eyes to find him looking at me smiling.+

"We did already?" I got up.+

"Yes come on."+

"Oh my god wow. I'm so excited Damian." I jumped on the bed grinning.3

"Yes sweetheart I can see. Come on give me your hand." He extended his hand for me. I gladly placed my hand in his. He pulled me towards him and carried me in the bridal style.4

"Damian!!"+

"What?"+

"I can walk you know."+

"I know but I like to carry you." He said walking out of the room. +

"Where are our luggage?" I asked.+

"My men have already taken the luggage to our car." +

"Richie." I smirked.+

"Now put me down. Please."+

"Nope nope." He was literally carrying me in bridal style out of the plane as if we are on our honeymoon.1

Damian didn't listen to me at all. He placed me down when we were at the car. God this man!+

"Happy?" I asked.+

"Very."+

"You are weird." I remarked.+

"You are weirder." He chuckled.+

————————————-+

We reached my house in 20 minutes. I was so nervous, my brother didn't know I was coming. It was a surprise for him. And even bigger surprise is that I'm coming with my boyfriend.+

"Yes that's it. That's the house." I say to driver. I look at Damian to see he is looking at my house.+

"I know it's not that big."2

"Noo. It's perfect. Like I said earlier these small homes gives the homely vibe."3

"Come on." I say smiling.+

"Yeah let's meet your brother."+

We go towards the entrance, I obviously have the keys but I decide to ring the doorbell. I want to see his reaction. Damian intervine  our hands. +

As the door opens, it reveals a pretty girl wearing shorts and a crop top. She looks of Sam's age. I have seen her earlier but where?+

"Hi." I say awkwardly. +

"Jenifer! I know you." The girl smiled brightly.+

"Who is it Tessa?" I heard my brother's voice.3

"Sam come out it's your sister." Tessa that is what I assume her name is said motioning us to come in.1

I enter the living room. Alas my home. I missed you!+

Just then Sam comes out from the kitchen thank god wearing clothes.8

"Jen!! Oh my gosh! You are here." Sam says coming to hug me.+

I hug him tightly. I have missed him so much. Oh boi!1

"When? And how?"+

"Surprise!!" I grinned.+

"The best surprise ever!" He hugged me again.+

"And may I know who is this girl?" I raise my eyebrows.+

That's the time Sam took a look at my hand which Damian is holding. And as a protective elder brother he asks, "First tell me why your boss is holding your hand?"+

I looked at Damian, he nods at me giving me enough confidence.+

"Sam meet Damian my boyfriend." I nervously smiled.9

*******************+

Hey guys hope you enjoyed the chapter. Please vote comment follow me.+

What did you like most in today's chapter? Comment pls.7

Love,A.+

JENIFER'S P.O.V1

"Sam meet Damian my boyfriend." I nervously smiled.+

For a minute Sam kept looking at me Damian and I. For a minute my heart was beating so freaking fast. What is he thinking? +

"Are you freaking nuts Jen? How can you date your boss? Jenifer Martin!!!" My brother screamed.2

I expected him to be little mad, but I didn't expect him scream at me. Now I had tears because when Sam screams even the evil bitch can turn into a cry baby. 6

Before I could say anything Tessa said, "Sam calm down. She is your sister. Don't scream at her." Wow, thanks Tessa.+

"Oh yeah? I'm screaming at her because she has done something worth screaming for."He looked very dangerously at Tessa and then at me.+

"Sam please try and understand me. Damian and I don't take our relationship to the office. We work professionally in office."+

"That's not what I am mad about Jenifer. We know how press people are around all the time. I don't want anyone of them to talk ill about you and your relationship."Oh my brother!1

"Samuel I can guarantee you that no one will talk bad about Jen and us." This time Damian spoke which I'm thankful for.+

"Oh yeah? I know you are big rich businessman, I also know you are really good at it but this isn't business. This is my sister we are talking about. So I won't compromise for anything but the best for her." Sam said looking dead serious to Damian.+

"Well, Samuel I can say the same thing. This of course isn't business. This is my girlfriend we are talking about and I would not want anything but the best in the world for her, and I am going to give the best to her."27

Wohoo Damian!!3

"Do you have to talk this smartly every time I ask or say something." Sam was now in a lighter mood.+

Damian and I smiled.+

Tessa rubbed Sam's arm like a caring girlfriend. Wait what?+

"Sam who is this pretty girl?"+

"Oh yes, Jen meet my girlfriend Tessa Wade." +

My eyes widened, "Nooo!!!" I said just like Rachel.7

"What? You don't like her?" Sam asked.+

"I knew I have seen her before somewhere. Isn't this the same girl you dated in high school and then you broke up because of long distance at college?"2

"Yeah I'm the one." Tessa smiled.+

"See I recognised you. By the way Tessa thank god you came back in my brothers life again after so many years. He had been living a zombie life."+

"Jen stop it. It is not like that Tessa okay."Sam argued.1

"It's alright Sam. I know you." Tessa laughed.+

"It is nice to meet you Jen and Mr. Wilson." Tessa shook hands with us.+

"Damian please. It's nice to meet you too." Damian said.+

"I'm still not too convinced with all this." Sam said.+

"Sam come on. Damian is a good guy. Please be happy for me."+

"I just don't want you to get hurt like the last time." Sam said sadly.+

"She won't. How about we all go for dinner tonight?" Damian put his idea.+

I looked expectantly towards Sam. Tessa nudged Sam's arm to say yes probably.+

"Alrighty. We are in!" Sam smiled.1

"Yesss!!" I jumped.+

"Great. I will get going now. I have a meeting here. Jen I will message once I get free. Then I can come here and we can all go together. Don't worry about the reservation, I will manage it." Damian said.+

"Sounds good." I pecked him on lips. I could see Tessa go 'aww'. 1

"Alrighty alrighty. Don't just make out in front of me." Sam pushed us aside.5

"It was just a peck Sam." I snapped.+

"Okay. See you guys later tonight." Damian took off.............................+

"So Tessa what do you do?" I ask her as we sit on the couch.+

"I'm interior designer. I work with Four Seasons group of hotel." 8

"Wow. That's awesome. You live here in Cali or anywhere else?"+

"Most part of the month in Cali but I do have to tour a little bit around the States."+

"Ohh. So how did you guys meet again? Sam didn't tell me anything." +

"Actually, we met when he was at the Four Seasons Florida. He was there for a meeting and I was also working there."5

"Oh that's nice. And you are dating since?" I ask excitedly.+

"2 months." She smiled sweetly.3

"Aww honeymoon period."+

"Just like you and Damian." She teased.+

"Yeah, us." I blushed.+

*********************Hi friends, hope you enjoyed this chapter. Kindly vote comment and follow me for more updates.2

What do you think about THE MEET? What do you think about Tessa?10

Love,A.+

JENIFER'S P.O.V1

Damian had called me an hour back saying he will be there in an hour and to get ready for the dinner. Tessa and Sam were in Sam's room getting ready while I was ready and waiting for them in the hall.+

I wore a casual dress with red and pink shade. I paired it with white heels.+


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                            19

I was taking a picture of myself when the doorbell rang. Assuming it to be Damian, I opened the door with a big smile on my face. But my smile dropped seeing the person standing in front of me. It was none other than Melissa, my ex best friend.14

I didn't know how to react so I just stood like a statue. She was looking pretty as always. She smiled a little.+

"Hi Jen."+

"Melissa."4

"I want to talk to you about something." She fidgeted her fingers.+

"Look I don't want to talk about anything with you. So I'm sorry you can leave." I know I was behaving rude but I still haven't forgiven her for the thing she did to me.8

"Jen please listen to me once. Please. I will not take more than five minutes. Please." She sounded genuine. 3

"Fine. Five minutes." 1

"Thank you. So first I want to say a huge sorry to you. I didn't mean to hurt you by s-sleeping with your boyfriend. It just happened and I couldn't control myself. But when you came to know about that and left to NYC I realised how big mistake I have committed. I lost my best friend. My only family. I thought Caleb really likes me but he- he cheated on me too. In past two months when we were together he slept with several girls. When I got to know I broke up with him. That time I realised how much hurt you have been. I'm so sorry Jen. I'm sorry. Please forgive me." She was crying by now.52

And I was too. 4

"Oh Mel! Come here." I pulled her for a tight hug.128

"Stop crying first. He isn't worth anyone's tears."3

"I was so disappointed with myself that I lost my best friend due to my selfishness and that douche."12

"To be honest, I am not surprised when you told me that he cheated on you too. When I broke up with him, Sam told me how much of a player Caleb is."+

"I was such a stupid girl. I believed everything what he said." She shook her head.2

"What's past is in past. Forget everything. Start new. You are such a good fashion designer. Focus on your work."5

"I missed your advice. Thank you Jen, you talked with me. Now I'm feeling a little less guilty."7

"Don't worry. I forgive you Mel." I smiled.49

"Oh thank goodness Jen." She hugged me again.+

I missed my best friend too. 15

"Jen!!!" I break the hug to see Damian at the garden area looking ravishing as usual.+

"Come with me." I whisper to Mel.+

"Hey!!" I smile and peck him softly.+

"Someone is little more happy right now. What is the reason?" He asked kissing me back.+

"I want you to meet my best friend Melissa." 8

"Your best friend? The one with whom your ex boyfriend cheated?" Damian spat.18

"Yeah. But she is sorry for everything. Caleb cheated on her too." 8

Damian didn't say anything, well I expected it the same. He was very angry and disturbed when I told him about Caleb and Melissa.3

"Mel meet my boyfriend Damian Wilson."+

"Oh of course I know him. He has an amazing clothing line. Nice to meet you Mr. Wilson." Mel said with a genuine smile.17

"I won't say nice to meet you because you have hurt my girlfriend enough." He said with gritted teeth.46

"Damian!!" I scolded. Everything is okay between Mel and I now.21

"It's okay Jen. Him being angry at me is obvious and expected. I will take your leave now. Do tell me when you come back again in California. And please be in touch Jen."+

"I will." And hugged her.5

After she left, Damian was looking at me with pure confused face.2

"She said sorry and she was sorry so I forgave her. Mel was and is my best friend after all Damian."7

"But Jen she............." I stopped him by placing my lips on his. I think this was one of the times when I boldly initiated a kiss. I mean I am comfortable with him but experience from the past doesn't let me go all in.14

I could feel he was shocked by my sudden boldness but he kissed me back with even more force. It was a pretty rough kiss. After devouring each other's mouth, we broke apart.5

"Wow." He breathed.+

"It was amazing." I looked at him.+

"And you look beautiful Jen. How am I gonna resist you at the dinner?"+

"Simple, if you want the dessert, you will have to go through every course. Then only you get to enjoy the dessert." I whisper in his ear in a very seductive tone.23

Damian started coughing. Due to that I started laughing. Oh my god! Poor guy!+

"Look at your face!!" I laughed.+

"Jenifer Martin you are going to pay for this very soon. Just wait for this dinner to get over."13

"What? Are you going to force me?" I turned very serious faking it obviously.2

"No Jen no. I won't force you for anything please keep this in mind." He thought I am really serious. He caressed my arm.+

"Hey... I know you won't force me. I was just joking." I chuckled to lighten up his mood.1

He breathed, "Thank god. I really thought you were serious. You are a pretty good actor madam Jenifer." He pulled me towards him.+

"There are several hidden talents you still don't know about Sir Damian." I mocked.2

Just then my brother and Tessa came out all dressed for the dinner.3

"We are ready." Sam announced.+

"Finally!! How long did you guys took to get ready? By the way, how many rounds did you go for?" I winked.24

Tessa blushed and Sam came running to hit me.17

*****************Hello everyone, I'm hoping you will enjoy this chapter. Kindly vote comment and follow me for more updates.+

What do you think about Melissa? 36

Question of the day: What's one thing you did today which made others happy?10

Love,A.+

JENIFER'S P.O.V2

Damian had book our dinner reservation at Nobu's. I went there once or twice before. I loved there food so much but the restaurant was quite expensive. Sam also had been there with his friends couple of time.2

As we entered, Damian and I were walking in front hand in hand and Tessa and Sam behind us.+

"Damian Wilson." He said to the receptionist. Obviously as usual, the girl was drooling over Damian. I couldn't control my jealousy.+

"Hi there could you please give us our table little soon. We are hungry." I said in fake sweet tone. How I wish I had tell her that I was his girlfriend. But no I can't yet. Otherwise media will go dancing.2

"Of course." She said still looking at Damian. I'm gonna kill this girl tonight.12

She told the host to show us our table. The host started guiding us through the table.+

"Jealousy suits you!!" Damian whispered softly.+

"I know you were enjoying it very much." I snapped.+

"Don't be angry on me Jenny." He chuckled.+

"Just shut up Wilson. Wherever we go girls are just drooling, flirting and seducing you. Now onwards we won't go on a single date in any restaurant."+

Damian didn't say anything he burst out laughing.+

"What is there to laugh?" I chided.+

"Aww my dear girlfriend, you are really so cute. Don't worry okay, you are the only girl I will drool over, flirt with and will seduce you." He kissed my cheek.13

I looked at him still not convinced."Come here you silly girl." He pulled me close to him and kissed my forehead.+

"I won't go anywhere leaving you sweetheart."5

I smiled.+

"This is your table sir mam. Hope you enjoy your evening." The host said and left.+

Sam and Damian like a proper gentleman pulled out chairs for Tessa and I respectively.+

"So Samuel how's the work going?" Damian started the convo.+

"Good. Next week I will be coming to New York. I have a meeting with your company." Sam was still behaving so cold I'm scared now.+

"Yes I know. Your strategy for the birthday discount worked really good for our company." Damian said with a smile.+

For the first time since I told I'm dating Damian, Sam smiled and answered, "Good to know. I knew birthday can be made special and with this even both our company can make huge revenue."1

Damian nodded. "Tessa when will you come to New York? It will be so much fun." I said.+

"I would love to. I have been to New York when I was in middle school. I really want to come but I have my next project in Rome. So I will be gone there for couple of weeks or more."+

"Rome!! Wow. That's wonderful. I have never been to Italy. I'm sure it's a beautiful country." I said.+

"It is. I have been there every summer vacation because my mom is Italian."Tessa said.+

"Ohh I didn't know. Maybe that's why a little bit of Italian accent huh?" I asked.+

"Yes that's it." She said.+

"What's the thing you like the most about being half Italian?" Damian asked her.+

"Well, I get to eat every type of pasta in the most authentic taste made by mom. I have eaten all 300 types of pasta." Tessa said smiling.10

"One thing I'm jealous for about you." Sam glared faked at her.+

"Aw don't complain. I have cooked almost fifty types of it for you." Tessa answered.+

"Oh my god you really did it for this stupid guy!!"  I laughed.+

"Yes I did." She blushed.+

"Because you love me." Sam kissed her cheek.+

"Yes I do." Tessa said kissing him on lips.+

These guys are cheesy and cute!! I'm happy for Sam.2

"Aren't these two cute?" I whispered to Damian.+

He chuckled, "Yeah."+

"What do you think? What would other people think of us as a couple?" I asked him.+

"They would think that how did this man get so lucky to have this beautiful lady as his girlfriend?" Damian whispered in his husky voice.5

I went red hearing it. This man over here clearly knows how to make me blush.+

"Done with joking?" I ask him.1

"No I'm not joking sweetheart. I'm really very lucky to have you as my girlfriend. I'm so proud to show you off as my girl."1

"So you want to just show me off?!" I was pulling his leg.1

"Jen no I didn't mean it.........." I succeeded because he got worried.+

"Shusshh. I'm kidding. And I'm happy to have you as my boyfriend, my man." +

"Is that so?" He asked.+

I nodded positively. He wasted no time to crash his lips on mine. We forgot we were sitting in a restaurant and that too infront of my brother and his girlfriend.9

After couple of minutes we heard coughing that's when we broke apart. Sam was coughing as expected.6

"At least don't make out with my sister in front of me." Sam said.+

Damian and I laughed..........................+

We all were home now. Damian was staying at my house. Sam and Damian were now gelling up good. We had ice creams and now I was sleepy. I could see Damian was tired too.+

"Sam Tessa I think we will call it a night." I declared.+

"Okay. Good night you too." Sam said.+

"Night everyone." Damian said and we headed to my bedroom...................+

Damian and I were now in PJs and cuddling. What more a girl could ask for?6

"So how was it?" I ask him as I trace my finger on his chest.+

"Pretty good. I was expecting your brother to be mad and he was. It is obvious. I get mad at Milsy if she goes even on a date. And you introduced me as your boyfriend so it's expected."+

"You're right. Every brother I guess has this overprotective trait in built." I chuckled.2

"We call it protective. But Sam is fun loving person I have noticed. We could be pretty great friends."+

"I liked Tessa as well. She was the only girlfriend of Sam I liked. And now she is his girlfriend again I can't be more happy for him."+

"Yes she seems nice girl."+

"You know after mom and dad pass away, Sam's whole focus shifted on work and me. I used to tell him to find a girl. But he was like no right now you and my work are my only responsibility."+

"He is great  brother." Damian nodded.+

"He is." +

After a few minutes, "Jen?" 2

"Yeah?"+

"Tomorrow........"+

"Is my parents death anniversary." I said looking up at him.+

"I'm here with you always." He said softly kissing my forehead.+

"I know." I smiled.3

*********************Hey guys, I hope you like this chapter. If you did please vote comment follow me.+

How did you liked their double date? 3

Question: Series suggestion please?12

Love,A.+

JENIFER'S P.O.V5

I wake up little early than usual. Well, there only one day when I wake up without any alarm, my parents death anniversary. Today it is there 6th death anniversary. Six years ago our lovely mom and dad left us forever. The only question I asked god that time was how could he do this to them? To us? 8

They were the best of all. Everyone in their friends circle, our families adored them. Sam and I loved them to the core, they loved us so much then why?Why did he took away our most priced possession from us?2

I was so engrossed in my thoughts I didn't realise when Damian hugged me from back placing kisses on my shoulder.+

"Good morning." He said+

"Good morning. Did you sleep well?" I ask him turning to face him.+

"The best sleep ever, because my beautiful girlfriend was sleeping next to me." He pulled me onto his lap.2

"You have mastered the art of sweet talk Mr. Wilson." I gave him a teasing smile.+

"That I have. What were you thinking?" His expression told me he knew.+

My eyes brimmed with tears, I smiled."I miss them." I said in broken voice.+

He caressed my cheek to tell me to let it out."I miss them so much Damian. I want them with me right now. I want to tell them about my new job, about you. They were so young to die. They didn't deserve it. My dad used to tell me how he wants to see me married, having kids so he could spoil them. Same goes with mom. Sam was mamma's boy and I was daddy's girl. Can you please bring them back?"I was crying covering my face with my palms.27

"Sweetheart. Don't cry baby. Your mom and dad are looking at you from above. Do you think they will like to see you cry? Shush. I'm here okay." He had wrapped his hands around my whole body. I was sitting in his lap. He kept caressing my hair the whole time.+

After some time, we got up. We were to visit mom dad's cemetery today.Damian got off the bed I quickly grabbed his hand.+

"What happened Jen?" He turned around.+

"Thank you for being here." I smiled.+

"You don't have to thank me." He placed a tender kiss on my forehead.........................+

Sam and Tessa were all ready when we reached downstairs. I hugged Sam. I knew he was also sad but he won't say much to me. I hope he confides in Tessa.+

"Are you okay?" I ask him, I know he is not.+

"I miss them." I rarely see Sam with tears in his eyes but today is that day.2

"I miss them too. They are with us. They will forever be." I said.+

"I know. Let's go." He clears his throat.+

I nod...............................+

We reached the cemetery in 20 minutes. We bought white lilies and Daisies for them. Mom loved lilies and dad loved Daisies. Mom even told me once she considered naming me Lily or Daisy but then canceled it because she liked Jenifer more.9

Reaching there grave, we kneeled beside them.  1

James Collin MartinBeloved father, husband, son and writer.1967-2015+

Audrey Isla MartinBeloved mother, wife, daughter and baker.1970-20157

"We miss you every day mom dad but today even more." I said softly.Damian rubbed his hands on my shoulder comforting me.+

"Mom dad, this is my girlfriend Tessa. You know her, we dated in high school. I love her a lot. I wish you could be here with us." Sam said.+

"Hello Mr. and Mrs. Martin. I'm Tessa. Your son is really the best. I love him. I wish I could meet you again. You both were very sweet when I dated Sam in high school."+

"Mom dad, you know right, I got a job at a  multinational company in New York. I'm living my dream. I remember dad how you always motivated me to follow my dreams, no matter how much hard work it needs. And I also want you to meet my boyfriend Damian. He is really amazing mom dad. He takes care of me a lot."I was teary eyed. +

I want them here. I want to hug them. That's all I want.+

"Hi Mr. and Mrs. Martin. I'm Damian, Jen's boyfriend. She is the most wonderful woman I have ever met. She is kind, sassy when needed, caring, beautiful, hard working. I'm lucky to have her in my life. She misses you terribly. I have heard so much about you from her. I wish I could meet you. But don't worry, I will take good care of your daughter."Damian said which left me sobbing.10

Why am I such a cry baby?16

We stayed there for sometime. The whole time we were there, Damian had wrapped his hands around me caressing my hair. I am so grateful for him. Thank you god.2

...............................+

Currently we were seated at a ice cream parlour. Mom and dad's favourite ice cream parlour. Whenever we used to celebrate something as a family we used to come here. This was our place. And as a ritual after visiting the cemetery every year Sam and I come here and eat ice cream. It gives us a feeling that we are sitting with mom and dad, though it's for a small period of time, that feeling helps us a lot.+

"Jen is it okay if we leave for New York after this?" Damian asked.6

I thought for a moment, "Alright but any issue?" 1

"We have a meeting tomorrow at New York with London's biggest investor Mr. Waller. I need to prepare the best for that."+

"Ah yes Mr. Waller. I almost forgot about him. Of course we can leave. I have to do so much preparation for the meeting."+

"So you guys are leaving?" Sam asked.+

"Yeah, I'm sorry I wish I could stay longer but work calls. And also you are coming to New York next week right? We will have fun then."+

"Yes I will be there." Sam nodded.+

"Jen it was really so nice meeting you again." Tessa hugged me.+

"Same here Tess. When you come back from Rome, do visit New York."+

"Sure thing!!"+

We got up to bid adieu, because we were directly heading to the airport. Our luggage was already at the airport.  How I don't know!+

"Damian I know you will take good care of my sister. If I hear a bad thing about you or my sister because of you, you are a dead man." Sam warned. 6

"Geez Sam!!" I said.+

"It's okay Jen. He is your brother. Don't worry man I will take the best care of her." Damian interjected.+

Sam nodded, Damian and Sam did a bro hug.6

And then we were off to New York!!!1

**********************Hey amigas I hope you liked today's update. If you did make sure to give a vote and comment on this chapter. Follow me for more updates.1

Any Turkish series fan? Which one are you guys watching, if any?26

Love,A.+

DAMIAN'S P.O.V2

We were in our flight back to New York. Jen was sleeping peacefully beside me. She must be tired. Today was a long day for her. Losing your parents can be the most terrible thing anyone can experience. I can't even imagine one day without mom and dad. It must be so tough for her and Sam. Jen was 18 just turned adult and Sam had to bear all the responsibilities of being the elder one.20

I look at the the gorgeous girl sleeping beside me. She is such a strong girl. She literally amazes me every day. She is kind to everyone even to her best friend who hurt her so much. She is understanding, she is brilliant at her work. 3

Before her, I was doing good, I was fine, really. But when she came into my life I realised I can be happy too. [This line I loved from one movie. So I take no credit.]15

When I'm with her, I act different, but good different. I smile more, I laugh more. I don't have to pretend a thing. She is the first thing I think about when I wake up in the morning and last thing to think when I sleep at night.10

How can I not fall in love with this girl? I love her. I love her so much. I'm never going to let her go. She is my girl. She is mine.10

I place a soft kiss on her forehead. I wrapped my hands around her and drift off to sleep.+

JENIFER'S P.O.V+

I woke up to find Damian working on laptop sitting beside me on the bed. How does he manage to get so much energy to work all day?+

"Hey." +

He looked at me and gave me his breathtaking smile. The smile for which I fell for.+

"You are awake I see. How was your sleep?" He kept his laptop aside.+

"Good. Were you working non stop?" I asked laying my heads on his thigh.+

"No I slept for couple of hours beside you. You didn't realise." He talked while caressing my hair.+

"Oh, I was really tired today so slept like a hog."+

"You deserved that sleep. Do you want something to eat?" I asked.2

"How much time is left for landing?"+

"30 minutes."+

"Then I will just have something at home. And why to trouble these guys!" She said.3

"Always thinking about other people." I smiled.+

She smiled and shrugged.+

I laid down beside her, with her in my arms. 8

"You can have the day off tomorrow." I said.+

"Why? Aren't you going too?" She asked.+

"I'm going. I have few meetings with the HR people and Supplies team. Then I will just prepare for the big presentation at the office itself."+

"Then I will come too. What will I do at home anyway."+

"You must be tired from the trip." I reasoned.+

"Damian, I was just enjoying with Sam and Tessa. You were the one who went to the meeting right after we landed. Aren't you tired?"+

"I am a little. But I can't rest, I can see the presentation right in front of my eyes."+

"Ohh. Don't worry. I will be there with you. You will ace the presentation as always." She gave me a peck.+

I love this girl so much!5

"I have nothing to worry when you are with me by my side." I smiled............................+

Hey guys, I'm sorry for this short chapter. But I will post the next chapter which will be long enough.+

Hope you liked it! Please vote comment follow me!+

And the good news, I cleared the CA foundation exam. I'm literally so happy. Now I'm a CA inter student!!28

Love,A.+

JENIFER'S P.O.V1

"Damian will you just relax? Kindly remember you got the business man of the year award last month! You will ace the deal." I said this for the hundredth time to him.+

I don't know why he is being so nervous about the presentation. I have never seen him in such a state. Maybe this client is a really big deal.+

"I'm trying to calm down. But this client I haven't been able to crack since 5 years. Mr. Waller is a very tough guy. If we want to convince him to invest in our company, I really have to think so out of the box."+

"And you will. You are fabulous, you are talented, you are amazing, and most importantly you are deserving. You have worked very hard. You hard work will definitely pay off today."1

Damian smiled at me, "Jen, what would I do with you?"6

"To be honest nothing. You would be nothing without me." I joked.1

"Jenifer Martin!" Damian gave his deep chuckle.+

"I'm joking! I'm joking!" I laughed and then he burst out laughing too.+

I gazed at him with a smile. Thank god his mood lightened.+

Just then my mobile rang. I picked up it was Mr. Waller's assistant.3

"Hello yes we are ready. Please do come in."+

"They are coming in." I said to Damian.+

"It's show time baby." Damian said adjusting his blazer.7

Within a minute, there was a knock on the door. "Come in."+

First entered a man in his mid fifties probably, wearing a grey blazer and grey pants, white shirt and red tie. He looked dapper in those formal clothes. He had his specs on. Majority of his hair were brown but I could see some greys too.I assume he is Mr. Waller.+

Then entered a young guy wearing black shirt and pants. He looked so tired. I'm sure Mr. Waller makes him work way too much. Poor guy! He looked good though. But of course not as handsome as my boyfriend.5

"Good morning Mr. Waller." Damian said in his firm voice.+

"Morning Wilson." This man has attitude.+

"Please have a seat. This is my assistant Jenifer Martin." Damian introduced me.+

"Hello Mr. Waller." I said politely.+

"You have a beautiful assistant Wilson." Waller looked at me with slutty eyes. I will punch you Waller if you weren't the biggest investor. +

"Let's get to business Mr. Waller." Damian was angry.5

"Sure. Brett give me the laptop." Waller ordered his tired assistant.+

"Y-yeah one s-sec." Brett started rummaging through his bag. +

"What the hell is taking you so long?" Waller yelled at Brett. 5

Poor fellow!........................."I can come up to 20% Mr. Waller not single percent above that." Damian kept his pen down.+

"Wilson I have other CEO's  begging me to invest in there companies. They are promising me that if I invest in there companies I will be getting 30-40% returns. You think I will go for your offer then?" Waller said smugly.+

Why is this man making it so tough for Damian? Damian is convincing since one hour to invest but this Waller everytime has some or the other reason not to invest.+

"Mr. Waller, the companies you are talking about which promised you that you will get 30-40% of their profit earn not even 10% of my companies profit. And moreover those companies sell only one type of good. So if you can calculate even 20% return from my company will benefit you much more than 30-40% of those small companies." Damian stated his point confidently.2

Wow Bravo my man!!+

Waller looked at Damian for sometime, and gave a little key word little smile.+

"You really came prepared Wilson." Said Waller smirking.+

Please say yes Waller. I'm hungry now. I wanna eat!!7

"Deal Wilson at 20%." Finally Waller announced.+

Hurrah!! I grinned and looked at Damian already smiling at me. +

"Deal Mr. Waller. My company won't disappoint you." Damian did a handshake.+

Waller nodded and did the handshake.+

"Mr. Waller these are the contract papers. You can check and sign here." I was prompt to handover the papers.+

"Beautiful and efficient." Waller smirked.+

My heels are wonderful too, maybe your foot would like a demo.30

"Kindly check the contract Mr. Waller." Damian my man thank you.+

"My assistant will get back with the contract in two days. Don't worry, when I give my word I stick to it." Waller got up and for the last time did a handshake with Damian. He was coming towards me, but Brett saved me by saying that they are late for another meeting.........................+

"Oh my god!!! You did it baby!!" I jumped at Damian and hugged him tightly.+

"Yessss Jen. I'm so fucking relaxed right now." Damian hugged me back tightly.+

I broke the hug and crashed my lips on his. It was kind of a rough, desperate kiss because I wanted to kiss him since the start of meeting.1

"Someone's very happy and excited." He spoke our lips still so close.+

"I am. My boyfriend has done an amazing job. Let's go out for lunch?" I asked pecking him on cheek.+

"Is my girlfriend asking me out on a date?" Damian asked peppering kisses on my jaw and neck.+

I moaned as he continued his sweet torture on my neck slowly moving down towards my breast. I have to stop him otherwise it will go too far and we are in office.19

"Okay!! We are in office Damian." I try to push him a bit away.+

"Does it look like I care tesoro?" He murmured against my neck.20

Why does he have to use Italian words? Those are my melting points.2

"Come on, we have to go for lunch. I'm hungry." I whined like a 5 year old girl pleading her mom for more candies.+

"Jen you don't have to make that cute face. You know that I can't resist it." Damian said getting his car keys.+

"That's my strategy darling. Let's go." I smiled.+

*******************Hi gorgeous, how are you feeling today? Kindly vote comment and follow me if you enjoyed this chapter.4

Sorry for the late update, this week's schedule is super hectic. I may update less frequently now because i have classes from morning till evening that too offline.+

Publish date:- 22/09/21+

Love,A.+

JENIFER'S P.O.V1

We were currently walking back to Damian's car. We had our lunch at Club 21. They serve the traditional American cuisine. Well, we both were so damn hungry that we could literally eat anything and everything they provided. 4

I wanted to hold his hand and walk on streets of New York but right now I couldn't. If I would, press people would have a field day with it. +

I looked at Damian who was well like a normal person looking in front. I just kept looking at him with admiration. He is such a sweet, caring, understanding man. I am so lucky to have him in my life. +

"What are you thinking? Look straight, mia ragazza." Damian smiled.8

Mia ragazza? What does that mean?6

"What............." I was stopped by a voice. A very familiar voice. A voice which I didn't want to hear in my entire life.+

"Jen?"+

My ex Caleb, a person whom I loved with my heart and soul. A person who betrayed me, cheated on me with my best friend.18

"Jen? How are you?" Caleb smiled like he did nothing wrong.+

I just don't know why I felt weak in front of him. I did nothing wrong. He is the one who treated me wrong. I just kept looking at Caleb in his eyes.+

"Jen do you know him?" Damian touched my arm. +

I looked up at him, wanting to say so much. I wanted to explain my inner turmoil to him so that he could help me but I couldn't. +

"Hi I'm Caleb. Jen and I......."+

"Dated each other." I completed his sentence. Hatred was evident in my voice.+

Damian looked shocked but before I could process anything, he landed a punch at Caleb's face. Caleb fell at the ground holding his nose which was now bleeding. 46

"Oh my god! Damian!!" I wasn't angry because he did that to Caleb. He deserved it. But here at the streets. Everyone is looking at us now. Oh god this is not good for his image.3

Caleb got up and looked angrily at both of us. What is he gonna do? During our relationship he was not physically abusive but I can't trust him with anything.+

"How dare you!! Who the fuck are you?" He yelled at Damian.+

Damian was very calm. How? My body is shooting with tension and anxiety. How is he so calm?+

"Calm down bud. You don't deserve to know who I am. You don't have that much worth." Damian spat. 3

Wohoo!! I'm proud of you my boyfriend.6

"Caleb after whatever you did, that means you cheated on me with my best friend and then you cheated on her too I really don't want to talk to you. So please never contact me again." I fake sweetly smiled.1

"Jen, look. I'm really very sorry about that. I really am. Please I love you. I love you so much. Please come back to me baby."29

"Hey mister. Shut your fucking mouth or else I will chop off your tongue and feed it to dogs." Damian yelled at him. 15

Oh boy!1

Tears formed in my eyes. Whatever Caleb said that is what I wanted him to say since the day I broke up with him. I wanted him to apologise for his mistakes and tell me that he still loves me and wants me back. 16

But now, that is certainly not I want right now. Because now I know, I deserve much more than him. I deserve happiness.And I'm happiest with Damian.2

"Caleb, just stay away from me. I don't want to get back with you ever in my life because I don't want to go through hell again." I said firmly.+

"Let's go Jen." Damian nodded.+

"Yeah.".............................3

We were now at Damian's house. We didn't go to office because we knew we had to talk and that can't be done in office.+

I sat at the swimming pool, my legs dipped in the warm water. Such a relaxing feeling it is. +

"Here." Damian gave me a glass of red wine and himself had a glass of vodka. He also dipped his legs in water and sat right beside me.2

"Thanks." I took the glass from him.+

"Are you okay?" Damian asked.4

"I just didn't know how to react when I saw him after months. We dated for three years for god's sake. You know when I broke up with him I wanted him to ask for my forgiveness and beg me to take him back. That's what I wanted that time. However now I don't. I don't want him in my life ever again. I just don't want to go through all the pain he caused me even when we were in relationship." 2

I took a sip of wine, "Now I know I deserve so much more. I deserve the best and I have the best. I have you in my life. I want nothing but you Damian. Please don't break my trust." I said with watery eyes.13

Damian's expression softened, he caress my face, placed a soft kiss on my forehead.+

"Never. You are the most beautiful, amazing thing ever happened to me. I don't want to lose you. I promise I would never ever break your trust."11

How did I get so lucky to have this man in my life?2

*****************Hi guys, hope you have enjoyed the chapter. Please vote comment follow me if you liked it.+

Sorry for late update, i have classes daily even on Sundays full day.☹️2

Love,A.+

DAMIAN'S P.O.V3

It's been few days since the Caleb incident. I really want to plan the best date for Jen. I need to confess her that I love her. I can't control more now. Even she doesn't say it back it's okay for me. She can take forever. But I have to confess it to her.+

Also I'm pretty excited and happy today because it's my birthday. I turned 28 today. I don't know if Jen knows it's my birthday. I'm not gonna tell her of course.13

Just then I heard Jen's voice through intercom. +

"Emelia and Sebastian are here." +

I smiled at my siblings mention. It's been pretty long since I met them. Probably a month, living in same city then too.They must have come to wish me.+

"Send them in." +

The door of my cabin was opened by a loud thud. I can bet it's Milsy. She is such a hyperactive girl.+

According to my guess, Milsy entered first and then Seb. They both had their bags around them probably heading to school and uni after this.+

"Happy birthday Damian!!" Milsy jumped at me. I hugged her back.+

"Thanks Milsy." I ruffled her hair knowing how much she hates it.+

"Don't do that you jerk." She snapped.+

"One second you are happy birthday Damian and second second you call me a jerk! What is with you sis?"+

"Just order me hot chocolate." She said and sat on the couch.+

I shook my head.+

"Happy birthday bro. You are one year older. Care to get married please. We want sister in law please!!" Seb wished me.4

"Yes we do want Jen to be our sister in law." Milsy added.2

They ofcourse knew about Jen and I. And they were very very happy about it.+

"Yeah yeah. I will." I chuckled.+

Seb sat at couch too so I decided to sit there too instead of my boss chair.+

"What are your plans for tonight?" Seb asked but his voice sounded weird I don't know why.2

"I don't know, Jen doesn't know I guess because she hasn't wished me yet." I shrugged.+

"It's still 9:00 A.M. You have got whole day." Milsy said, she is right.+

"Yeah." I nodded.+

"Don't be a sad man you doofus." Milsy slapped my arm.+

"Press will have a gala when they find out my sister uses such vocabulary for me." I hit her head.+

"Well, they can know. What do you say?" She smirked.+

"Stop troubling the birthday boy Eme." Seb supported me.+

"You are my only sibling." I chuckled.+

"Okay, fine I'm leaving for school now. Here is your fav colour tie which you wanted for a whole year. Have fun today." Milsy huffed angrily after handing me the gift and was about to leave when I said the magic sentence.6

"What about your hot chocolate?" +

It tricked her, she stopped mid her tracks.+

"Just for the hot chocolate." She snapped. Seb and I burst out laughing............................+

JENIFER'S P.O.V.+

I'm so happy today because it's my boyfriend's birthday. Yesss! It's Damian's birthday. He doesn't know that I know. He still thinks that I'm completely oblivious to this fact. 3

One more fact he doesn't know is that I have planned a surprise birthday party for him this evening. I have planned this with help of Theo. He helped through everything. I have told his parents, siblings, friends and luckily Sam is in New York too so he can come too. The party is at his penthouse. 3

So the thing is I will tell him we can hang out at his place after work. I have already set out people for decorating the house. They will be there in the afternoon. Then in evening his family and friends will go there. After that I will tell him the hang out plan. When we reach there I will text Theo to switch off the lights. Then you guys know the drill!!.......................+

"Hi baby!" I entered his cabin with a sweet smile, showing that I don't have any idea it's his birthday today.+

"Hey sweetheart. Done with all work?" He asked looking at the watch. It was almost 5:00 pm .3

"Yes all done. Come on let's go." I held his hand. 1

"My work isn't finished yet. And where do you want to go?" +

"Your house. I haven't been there in a while." I lied.+

"My house? You were there day before yesterday." He chuckled.+

"Yes but that's a while for me. And why are you asking? Don't you want me to come to your house?" I pouted.+

He smiling shook his head and came towards me. "I would love for you to come to my house or even stay there forever."2

"What? Are you serious?" I ask dumbfounded, he wants me to move in?+

"Yes I am." He kissed my cheek.+

"I will think about it." I caress his face.+

"Good."+

"Now let's leave!!! We are getting late." I said without thinking.+

"Late? For what?" He asked taking his coat and car keys.+

I turned around, oh crap!. "For nothing. I'm just hungry."2

"Okay will order something." He said unsure about my behaviour.............................+

I held his hand once we got out of his car. We had reached his house. When he was parking the car I quickly messaged Theo that we were here. I looked at him excitement filled in my eyes.+

"What?" He asked amused with my behaviour. +

"Nothing." I smiled and shrugged.+

"You are behaving way too weird Ms. Martin." He taunted.+

"Wait for it Mr. Wilson." I winked.+

We were at the door, it was closed. I pushed the door open. It was super dark. +

"Why is it so dark?" Damian said while going in.+

I stood a little behind him. I joined my hands hoping everything goes according to the plan.+

"Happy Birthday!!!!!" The light went on and everyone shouted.11

***********************Hey hello. Wassup? Hope you enjoyed the chapter. Pls vote comment and follow me.+

I'm sorry for the late update, as y'll know my schedule is crazy af. Now my draft chapters are coming to end soon.+

Love,A.+

JENIFER'S P.O.V+

"Happy Birthday Damian!!!!" Everyone shouted. I could see his parents, Emelia and Seb, Theo, Scott and Peter. I invited my friends Natasha, Mia, Carter too because they have become good friends with Damian too.2

"Oh my god!" Damian let out a laugh with surprised expression.+

"How? You all! I.... Thank you so much guys." Damian said and hugged everyone.+

"Say thanks to your girlfriend, it was her idea to surprise you." Scott said.+

I smiled, Damian turned and came towards me. He held my hand and interwine with his. He gently kissed me IN FRONT OF EVERYONE. My face was completely red with blush. Isn't this embarrassing? I mean all of them know about us but then too.2

"You knew then!" He whispered.+

"Of course. I'm your P.A. Mr. Wilson. Sorry for troubling you since morning." I pouted.+

"It's all acceptable. All this made it up for that." He tucked a strand of my hair behind my ear.+

"Oh I thought I could do something else for making up to you." I bite my lip seductively.12

He groaned, "Goodness Jen, don't do this. I might not leave you and then we can forget about this party." +

"No need. First enjoy the party then will see." I winked.4

He was about to speak when Seb came to us. "Bro I know it's your birthday today but still right now you smell gross. Go you guys freshen up and meet us at the back garden. We have arranged everything there." 2

"Dumbo so you knew about this huh? That's why you and Milsy behaved weird this morning." Damian slapped his head.2

"We were just following your girlfriend's order." He shrugged and went out.+

"You have certainly managed to win everyone's heart over here. I think they like you more than they like me."  He wrapped his hand around my shoulder and we proceeded towards his room.1

"I think so too. I mean I am definitely more likeable than you." I said in duh tone. +

"You are very much in mood to tease me. I think I should do something about it." He said.2

"What are you going to do about it?" I ask innocently. By then we were in his room.2

"I will kiss you senselessly till I want too."He whispered huskily.4

Before I could say anything, he crashed his lips on mine. He was asking for my permission to enter in my mouth but I wanted to tease him little more. But he bite my lower lip. I gasped. He took this chance to let his tongue slide into my mouth. When we were out of breath, we pulled away.2

"How was the punishment?" He asked.+

"I think I could commit crimes to get such a punishment." I smiled slyly.+

He laughed, the laugh which I adore.+

"Okay enough, get ready. I have to get ready too." I literally pushed him in his closet.....................................+


      
  
    
        
    
    
      
        
        
      
    
   
  30


      
  
    
        
    
    
      
        
        
      
    
   
  21

"You look absolutely breathtaking Jen!!" Damian nuzzled in my neck. I moaned.9

"Thank you birthday boy. You look handsomely hot too." I placed a wet kiss on his neck.+

"Is it? Don't talk like this. Otherwise we won't leave my room for hour or two." 5

"Shut up!! Let's go." I slapped his hand and took him out...........................+

"Birthday boy and his girlfriend is here!!" Scott announced as we came into the garden. +

The decorators had done an excellent job. It was almost dark now, so fairy lights were put on the plants and trees. Below a tree was drinks area. Food section was near the pool which was just beside the garden. Balloons and paper flowers were placed in between few stems in plants. It was beautiful.1

"Did you like the decor?" I asked as we were moving towards the drinks section.+

"I really loved it. How did you manage to do it all?"+

"I had so much help. Your friends, siblings and parents are a great sport. They really helped me with everything."+

"Thank you so much Jen. I am really lucky to have you in my life."+

"That you are." I flipped my hair.+

"Hey!!" +

"I'm kidding I'm kidding. It's the other way around. I'm lucky to have you in my life."+

"You my lady are in very much in mood to tease." He pulled me very close to his body.+

"No right now. Let's go. You have to cut the cake." +

"Come on!! Guys!! Let's cut the cake." I said to everyone.+

Everyone gathered around the table. The cake was placed. Damian's favourite cookie dough flavour cake was there.2

"Come on birthday boy!! Cut the cake." Peter said.+

"Is your hand moving? Do you have any trouble? I mean you are now old right?" Milsy joked.1

"Remind me to smash the whole cake on your face." Damian said to Emelia.+

"Make a wish and cut the cake son." Damian's mom said.+

Damian cut the cake and we all sang happy birthday to him.2

He fed the cake to everyone and then Emelia and I put some cake on his face. He couldn't do anything because Theo, Scott and Peter were holding him from behind............................1

Theo, Scott and Peter approached me, with a big box wrapped in a gift paper in Scott's hand.+

"Hi guys." +

"Hey Jenny." Peter said.+

"So what's up?" I asked as I was confused.+

"Well, this is a gift from three of us to you." Scott handed it to me.+

"For me? But today isn't my birthday, it's Damian."1

"We know that. However, you were the one who had this idea of this surprise birthday party. You really thought so much about our best friend. And look he is so happy right now and it's because of you. You deserve it." Theo explained.3

"Theo, I didn't do it for any reward or gift. I really care for Damian. He is my boyfriend. It's nothing unusual." I said my point.+

"I know Jen. Please don't misunderstand us. It's just that you are the first girlfriend of his who makes him so happy, calm and you matter to him so much and of course us too. It's just a token of friendship from all of us." Peter said.1

I looked at the three of them making puppy faces which didn't suit them clearly as they were wearing such nice coat and shirt.+

"Alrighty. I will take it. Thank you so much guys." I hugged each one of them.1

"What's going on here?" Damian came and wrapped his hand around my waist. I smiled at him.1

"We gave Jen a gift." Scott said.+

"A gift? Guys it's my birthday tonight." Damian chuckled.+

"Ha ha. We know that. We gave gift to Jen for different reason and don't ask us why. We aren't going to tell you." Theo explained.+

"Alrighty alrighty. Do whatever you want." Damian shook his head and smiled.2

*******************Hi peeps, hope you are doing well. I hope you like this chapter. Kindly vote comment and follow me to show your support.+

Love,A.+

DAMIAN'S P.O.V1

"Jen?" +

The party was over. Mom dad, Milsy Seb were back to my parents house. All my friends and Jen's friends and brother were back to their home. Jen was staying in my penthouse tonight. And currently I was in bed shirtless and Jen was removing her accessories.3

"Yes?" She looked at me.1

"Everyone gave me something or the other. But the gift I was waiting for the whole day, I didn't receive that gift." I said looking sad but I was just pulling her leg. Like she does always.1

"Is it? Whose gift are you expecting? Everyone gave you there gifts." Well, I learnt from her how to tease, she will be the master of it.+

"Never mind. I can myself get that gift." I shrugged and started placing soft, wet kisses on her jaw and neck. She started moaning. +

"Da-Damian." She stuttered.+

"Yes gattino?" I purposely called her kitten in Italian. I know she loves it.13

"Stop! Stop!" She said breathless and giggled. "But why?" I asked oblivious.2

"Because I have a gift for you. And I wanted to give it to you when were alone, now is the time." She smiled and got up.+

"Now we are talking. What is it?" I said excitedly.+

She went to the closet and got a pretty huge box wrapped in a gift paper. What must that be?+

"Here. Open it." She handed me the box. It's not light.+

"What is it?" I started unwrapping it. I unwrapped the gift paper. It was a brown box. I opened it and....... omg.+

"Jen!!" I was absolutely surprised.+

"Did you like it?" She bit her lower lip.+

"Like it? I fucking love it." I said and tightly hugged her.+

Jen gifted me a guitar. I know you guys are shocked.15

"I decided that day when we were at the Central Park and you said you played guitar in your college days. And now you don't because of your hectic schedule but you enjoy it very much. And now maybe you can play something for me." Jen said.1

"I will definitely play something for you mi amor." There I said it.7

"Mi amor?" She looked shocked.+

I held her hands in mine.+

"Yes Jen. I thought of setting up a nice cute date for you where I will confess my feelings for you but now I can't wait. I really can't wait. I'm in love with you my Jen. I love you. I love you so freaking much that it hurts. I can't imagine my life without you. Your smile, your eyes, your sassiness, your kindness I fucking love everything about you. Whenever I'm not with you, it's only you on my mind. I am head over heels crazy about you Jenifer. And it's perfectly okay if you don't feel the same about me. I can wait for you forever my love." I said everything I had in my heart. I let it out. I finally told my girl how I feel about her. 9

I looked at her with nothing but love for her. She was sobbing. Did I say something wrong? Is it too fast?+

"Jen I'm so sorry if you didn't like............"+

"I love you too." She smiled through her tears.+

"What?!" I dumbfound. She loves me?15

"I love you too Damian." She broke into a giggle.+

I wasted no time in crashing my lips on her. She started kissing me back in a second. I could sense  desperation, hunger in her kiss. She started moving her hands around my back. I pulled her towards me so that now there wasn't any gap between us. I started placing kisses on her collarbone. I even bit her near her earlobe. I knew that was her weak spot.7

She moaned when I bit her, "D-Damian."+

"What mi amor?" I whispered in her ear.+

"I want you now." She sounded desperate.3

"I want you to baby."  And we landed on bed. I removed each and every piece of clothing of hers and discarded it on the floor.18

Jen lied completely naked on my bed looking so fucking hot. I landed on her and cupped her face. +

"You are so fucking beautiful Jen." I placed a kiss on her forehead.+

She giggled like a teenager but I liked it.I started kissing her from her head, then slowly went towards her neck and breast. Slowly kissing every inch of her body. And the way she was responding, her moans!! My goodness, I was so turned on.6

And then, we made love again and again that night. It was such a blissful night. 119

"Jen, my love, I promise myself and you that I will love you and care for you forever."2

"I love you too Damian. You are my everything."6

*****************Hello people. Again after long time I'm updating. You guys know why. I hope you enjoyed.6

Love,A.+

JENIFER'S P.O.V+

I opened my eyes, I smiled as I looked beside me to find my boyfriend whom I love so much peacefully sleeping. His one hand was below head and other on his torso. His lips slightly apart. He looked so cute. +

Last night was beyond perfect. At first Damian was so gentle, and then when I told him I'm comfortable he was really rough but I loved every part of it. It wasn't my first time but it was after a while, Damian took extreme care of me.6

I rested my body on my elbow and bent towards his lips. I softly pecked him on lips. When about to pull away I found him kissing me back. He woke up!+

We kissed softly for a minute and then I pulled away giggling. His eyes now wide open.  He wrapped his hand around my naked body and placed me on top of him.2

"That's the best way to wake me up." He said in hoarse voice.+

"I will think about it." I said and wrapped the sheets around me. I was still little shy around Damian.+

"No need to be shy my love." Damian said and got up from the bed wearing only his boxers.5

"I am." I said looking down. He came and wrapped his arms around me, hugging me from back. He placed softy kisses on my neck.+

"Damian." I moaned in pleasure.2

"Yes sweetheart. Why are you shy around me?" +

"I don't know. Now if you will excuse me Mr. I have some urgent business to attend." I said and and ran into the washroom...............................2

When I came back from the washroom, all bathed and fresh, Damian wasn't in the room. He must be in the dining room.  I went down in the dining room he wasn't there too. +

"Damian!!"+

Still no answer. Where is he? Now I'm worried. His phone was also not there at the night stand.+

I thought maybe he must be in the lawn. I went there and.... There he was!+

He was talking on phone with someone. I decided to scare him a little. His back was facing me so I could go behind his back and scream in his ears. +

I tiptoed my way to him. When I went near to him I heard him clearly.+

"Stephanie, don't you understand? I can't talk to you right now. I'm with my girlfriend."27

Who is Stephanie? And why is Damian talking to her like this?+

"Look I don't care what you do. Just leave me alone." He yelled and kept the phone on the table.+

He turned around and of course saw me.Though I had so many questions in my mind, I decided to put them behind.+

"Hey good morning." I smiled.+

"G-good morning Jen. When did you come here?" He was nervous I could sense it.+

"Just a second before. Is there any problem? You were on your phone so early in the morning." I enquired.+

Damian rubbed my arms and pulled me into a hug. I wrapped my hands around his body in a warm embrace.+

"Nothing. Just work calls. Nothing major." He gave me a tight lipped smile.27

Why? Why is he lying to me? Last night we made love with so much passion. We confessed that we love each other then why?3

I decided not to jump on any conclusions. I thought to give him some time. So I just changed the topic.+

"Okay. Are you hungry? I'm making pancakes." +

"Of course baby I'm hungry. But first tell me did you enjoy last night? Was I too rough? Did I hurt you? Does it pain anywhere?" Damian bombarded me with these questions. I loved how worried he was.9

"Shush!! I enjoyed every moment of last night. And yes you were rough but I loved it. Trust me. And no it doesn't hurt anywhere much." I pecked him on lips.+

"That means it hurts. God! I should have been gentle. I'm sorry Jen."2

"Damian!! It doesn't hurt okay? And I loved it. Now stop with this and lets eat!! I'm super hungry." I pulled him inside with me......................+

Though I was physically present in the dining room where Damian and I were having our breakfast, my mind was still in the garden where I heard Damian talking to some girl Stephanie. There conversation didn't seem too pleasant. 1

I know I didn't heard the other side but still. And moreover why did Damian lie? It definitely wasn't any work call.+

"Jen?!!" +

I looked at Damian puzzled. God I didn't hear what he was speaking.+

"I'm sorry. I'm just.... What were you saying?" I asked+

"Are you okay? You seem drifted somewhere." +

"I'm good. Just work things. There are two big conferences coming this month." I lied.+

"Alrighty. But don't think about it much. I know you will handle it." He gave me a assuring smile.2

I smiled back at him but I knew that smile wasn't real. I was not trusting him. The man who made love to me last night. The man I love. Or am I overthinking about just a phone call?5

*****************Hey guys, sorry for the delay. I don't how this chapter has turned out because I have got time to write after so long. Tbh my ideas were all scattered. +

Just let me know what did you think though. Please comment so that I will know to whether continue this storyline.2

Love,A.+

Hey peeps. I'm deeply sorry for such a late update. You can throw eggs at me for that! Here is the update for y'll. Again I would say I don't know when I will update next. Till then keep supporting me as you have done till now. Love,A🌹2

DAMIAN'S P.O.V+

Last night with Jen was amazing would be an understatement. It was beyond amazing. It was indeed beautiful. The way she reciprocated to my touches was so +

But this morning I was waken up by none other than Stephanie. She has the audacity to call me again when I clearly told her not to bother me the last time she called. Yes, she has been calling and trying to convince me for another date with her. She wanted another chance. 8

At first I was polite with her just because she is my mother's friend's daughter but now she gets on my nerves. She has been so adamant on taking me out again so that we could sort our differences. She said she fell in love with me. I literally don't understand her.+

And the worst part, I had to lie to Jen because of Stephanie. I mean I could have told Jen about her but I didn't want Jen to worry about this unnecessary stuff.  And knowing Stephanie a bit, if she knew Jen is my girlfriend she will definitely try to hurt Jen, say something rubbish to her. I certainly don't want that. I didn't even go to office today so that I won't face her. I was still at my house.10

But now I'm feeling guilty that I lied to Jen. I do have slight idea that she may have known that I have lied to her. Because at the breakfast she was lost somewhere. She didn't speak much as she does always. 1

I think I should tell her the truth. I should not keep her in dark. I got my car keys and rushed towards the parking.2

JENIFER'S P.O.V+

I was currently in my cabin. My mind was somewhere else. It was still at the garden. I was still thinking about Damian's lie. Why did he have to lie to me? We have been so transparant in our relationship. At least I have been. Never even a smallest thing I have kept hidden from him or lied to him about anything.+

There was a knock on my door. "Come in."One of the other employee came in and said, "Ma'am some Stephanie Diago is there outside and she claims she doesn't need an appointment to meet you."3

You see Damian had instructed that people should take my appointment too. But  Stephanie Diago?+

Can she be the same Stephanie Damian was talking to in the morning? If yes, why is she here? Who is she? +

To get all these answers I instructed employee to let her in. +

Within seconds a girl probably of my age, wearing black mini dress high heels, deep red lipstick and blonde hair entered my cabin.+

"Hi Jenifer. It's nice to meet you." She said but her voice sounded super evil.+

"Hi, can I ask how do you know me?" +

"Of course darling. You are Damian's girl right? I was Damian's girl. I was his girlfriend whom he loved so deeply. But I know and he knows too very well that he still loves me." Her words were full of hatred towards me.14

Is she really Damian's ex? He never told me about her... and does he still love her like she says?7

"Look I can't trust you with any of such bullshit you are saying. So please just shut up and leave." I said. 2

I have to trust Damian right? He is my boyfriend. He loves me. +

"Jenifer I think you do need a little evidence that he is still in love with me." She smirked and took out her cell phone out of her purse. +

"See my call logs. Damian and I have been in touch even after you got in relationship with him. We still talk on call." 2

There were calls from her and from him too. They really talked. +

"This is the photo from one of our dates to prove Damian and I dated." +

There was a picture of him and Stephanie at a restaurant.2

"I even talked to him today morning. And you were with him that time. He told me himself."+

That's true too.+

"Now do you trust me with what I say? He still loves me Jenifer. He doesn't loves you even if he did tell you that he loves you. He will come back to me soon. And he will leave you. You are not what hé wants. I'm what he wants."+

My eyes brimmed with tears. First Caleb and now Damian. Dear god why? 9

"Please leave." I said in a low voice.+

"Okay darling. Bye." She winked and left the cabin.+

I sat on the couch. I burst out crying. I was so hurt by Damian's betrayal. Why did he have to do that? He is my boss. We would have kept our relationship professional if he was still in love with his ex. Instead he chose to break my heart. 9

Suddenly my cabin's door opened, it revealed Damian.8

"Jen!!" 1

************************+

JENIFER'S P.O.V+

Suddenly my cabin's door opened, it revealed Damian.+

"Jen!!"+

Why is he here now? After all the drama? He has broken my trust, my heart. I believed him when he said he would be loyal to me. I believed him when he said he won't be anything like my ex. Unfortunately he did exactly what my ex did. Damian cheated on me. 4

I wiped my eyes, trying to look out emotions in his eyes. What is he going to say? Is he still going to hide it from me? Or is he going to come clean?+

"Jen why were you crying?" He was now very close to me. He was about to touch my cheek when I pushed away his hand.+

"You tell me Damian, has anything happened for me to cry? Did you do anything that would make me cry?" My words must have felt like a knife, but he deserved it.+

"Jen listen I........" I stopped him right there.+

"First of all, it's Ms. Martin from now on. Second I don't want to hear any bullshit from you because i have had it enough from your beloved ex." I spat.8

Damian looked purely shocked. He must not have expected Stephanie to come here and talk to me. +

He massaged his temple and proceeded towards me. +

"Don't come near me Mr. Wilson. You are heart breaker, you are a cheater! You hear that, a cheater!! I regret last night!!"5

"Jenifer please don't say that. Look I'm going to tell you everything......"+

"When Damian? When? After some stupid ex of yours reveals everything?"+

"She is not my ex for heaven's sake!" Damian somewhat shouted.+

"Yes and Washington DC is not that capital of The United States." I replied with enough sarcasm. I don't know how I was coming up with this in such situation.5

"Jenifer please listen and trust me. Stephanie is not my ex. She is nothing to me, she was nothing to me."+

"Oh yes? Then why were you in touch with her for past so many days? Why did you talk to her this morning? The morning after we first had sex. Why did you not tell me? Why did you hid it from me? Why did you break my trust? Why?" I let out a loud sob. I was hurt. And I didn't fear from showing it to him. He should know how much he hurt me.3

"Oh my Jen!" Damian was fast enough to come and cup my teary face. I was still crying. I didn't know what to do. I love him so much that's why I'm hurting so much.+

"Don't cry please don't cry. You have cried enough please don't cry. I'm sorry. I'm so sorry." He kept wiping my tears.1

"You made me cry Damian even when you promised you won't. If you wanted to play games, you would have played with some other girl. You knew my past, then too you played with my feelings." My voice was a little low than before maybe because of the tiredness of all the drama.3

"Jen I didn't want to play with your feelings, heck I didn't play you. I love you. My love for you is real. The mistake I did was not to tell you about Stephanie. I should have told you." He shook his head.+

He said I love you. Does he? I am having hard time to believe him right now. Can you imagine? The person whom I trusted my life with.... I'm not able to believe him.+

"She isn't my ex girlfriend. She is not my girlfriend. She will never be my girlfriend or anything. Jen I want you sweetheart. I want no one else in my life."+

"Then why the heck did she come here and told me that you guys dated? Damian, she even showed a photo of you guys!! And that was not photoshopped, I could see." I countered.3

"Before we started dating , my mom set me with Stephanie. She is my mom's friend's daughter. Yes, we went on a date. That photo must have been of that date. But I didn't like her at all to take things forward. I liked you then. So I told her this won't work. After that even when we started dating, she kept pestering me to give her another chance as she is in love with me. I clearly told her that I love you Jen. I don't want to be with her. Today also she called me. I gave her an ultimatum today that she stop all this."1

I was just looking at him, not able to digest what he said. Must that girl be so head over heels with Damian that she dared to come to me all say all those lies so our relationship would break.2

I was back to crying, I covered my face with my palm. I think I jumped way too much. I said way too much to Damian, I was hurtful to him. 10

"Hey hey hey? Why are you still crying? Do you not believe me? Wait let me call mom, she will............." Damian got his cellphone out of his pocket while his one hand still on my cheek.+

"No!! Damian no!! I'm crying because I was so fucking hurtful towards you. I said so many mean things to you and you didn't even shout at me once for all that, even when you knew I was wrong. I'm sorry, please forgive me?" 2

"Jen, don't say sorry. You were misunderstood that's it. You were fed up with all the lies. You just let it out what you were thinking and that's perfect okay. And about the mean things you said to me, don't worry about it. I knew you were not saying all that from your heart." He gave me a sweet smile of his.4

"Why are you so good? Can't you be a little bad? It is my fault that I believe everything she said. I should have trusted you and I didn't Damian. I'm really sorry for that."3

"Shush quiet!! I love you my Jen!" He placed a delicate kiss on my forehead.2

I smiled through my tears, "I love you too my Damian!"+

"The most magical three words." He laughed.***********************Hello friends, i hope you are good and healthy. I'm good, just piled with A LOT OF STUDIES. +

Here is the next update after a month and a half or so. Please don't hit me. +

Next update I don't know when. Until then take care.+

Love,A.❤️+

JEN'S P.O.V+

I was currently seated in Damian's lap. Both of us didn't wish to work after all the drama, so we just stayed in my cabin hugging each other. 3

I felt so much at peace after all the confrontation. Also I feel stupid and mean on how I didn't trust Damian and was all hurtful to him. If I would have been at his place may be I would have stormed off in anger. But he didn't. He stood there listening all my crap about him. Afterwards he told me everything calmly and took me in his arms again as if I didn't say anything hurtful to him. I mean, how much more lucky should I get?3

"Damian?" I said in a soft tone.+

"Yes my love?" He looked down at me.+

I smiled at his endearment, "I wanna make it up to you."+

"And how are you going to do that?" He gave his mischievous smile. 1

"I'm going to take you out on a date. First we will go to a amusement park and then for dinner. What say?" I ask all excited.1

"An amusement park?" He laughed.+

"Yes. Why? Don't you like the rides?" +

"That's not the case but like I haven't been there for ages." Damian explained.+

"Oh no worries. Today we will go. I love going on the rides!!" I clapped my hands in excitement.+

"Really? So you are not scared of the rides, the height?" He placed a small kiss on my cheek. He loves being touchy, and I love it too.+

"Hell no!! What is there to get scared? If you are thinking that your girlfriend right here is afraid of adventures then tsk tsk you are highly mistaken mister!!" I pinched his nose.5

"Uhuh! Will see miss. Who is scared and of what!" ......................................+

I am really so excited to take Damian out on a date. He always takes me out. To dinners, to bowling, to paint balls session, to clubs, literally everywhere!! He is master of dates. 3

However we haven't been to amusement park. So now we are going! Yess!!+

I decided to wear super casual outfit for the day. Denim shorts, black floral top, white sneakers, black bagpack, and shades!3


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                            19

As I was taking him out today, it was decided I'm going to pick him up. So without wasting anymore time I took my car keys and drove to his penthouse......................1

"Hi there handsome!!" I said as I got out of the car. Damian was waiting for me outside his house at his garden.+

"Hi there hottie." He winked and pulled me for a long kiss. I am addicted to his kisses. 1

Damian was also dressed in a casual outfit. Olive green colour shirt, black pants, dark grey and white sneakers.+


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                            17

"Ready to go?" I asked.+

"With you always." He sweetly said.+

"Come on then!!!" I took a hold of his hand and opened his side of the door like he does to me ALWAYS.+

I wanted him to feel pampered. He always showers me with gifts, chocolates and what not. It's not that I don't do anything for him. I do, but with all the drama that happened yesterday I just want him to feel that I love him so much and without him my life would have no meaning.+

***********************Hey guys, i hope you are doing great! I'm good. Here's the next little update. +

Please show your love through VOTES and COMMENTS!+

Silent readers please participate, I would love to see you comment.5

Tell me are you liking how the story is progressing?12

Love,A.+

DAMIAN'S P.O.V+

As always Jen looked amazing. She can literally carry any look. I have seen her in formals, PJs, party gown, casual dresses, also not to forget sexy lingeries she looks fantastic in every style. 2

For today I'm really excited. This is the first time she is taking me out. To be honest this feels great. In every relationship, it is simply not the responsibility of just the guys to take their girl on a date. Guys feel amazing when their girl takes them out.6

"So madam which amusement park are we going to?" I asked Jen, she was driving today.+

"We are going to...... I'm not gonna tell you this easily. What's fun in that?"+

"Alrighty, so let me make a guess! If I win, I get a kiss right now! Done deal?" +

"Done deal!" She smiled.+

"Okay, Six Flag Darien Lake?" +

"Nooo!!! I won!!!" Jen started shouting.+

"Oh Jesus. Do I get another guess?" I asked with pleading eyes.+

"Haha. No. You do not. You have lost the chance to kiss me darling." She said wickedly.+

"I can kiss you right even like this. I don't need a chance miss. Should I?" I bend forward a little.+

She laughed, "No please I'm driving."+

"Look see we are here. See for your self where we are!" Jen pointed towards our left.+


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                            6

JEN'S P.O.V+

"LUNA PARK! Wow Jen!!"+

"Come on!" I motioned him to come out of the car.+

"This is amazing Jen! You are not even New Yorker still you managed to bring me to such an amazing amusement park." +

"Glad you liked. And Mr. Google and Natasha helped me with it. So yeah!" I smiled.8

"Let's get started!!"+

"Of course what are we waiting for!"4

With being said we ran inside tha amusement park. I quickly took tickets for both. +

"Let's go to the Coney Tower. You are not afraid of heights right?" Damian asked.+

"Hell no. Like I said before I am not afraid of anything. Let's go." I said in style.+

"Okay." He laughed and intertwined our hands.+

"2 seats please." I said to the worker over the ride.+

"This way please. He answered.+

We both said thanks and made our way to seats. This is a ride where you are seated with 12 other persons in a circular pattern. When the ride starts you are gradually taken in the upward direction and then there are sequence of bounces and freefall drops. It is really fun!+


      
  
    
        
    
    
      
        
        
      
    
   
  9

The worker signalled us to put our seat-belts. I looked at Damian, he was already looking at me.+

"Ready?" He asked.+

I held his hand, and smiled. "Yes!"+

The Tower slowly started going up. I could hear people saying oh my god it's going up, Jesus and what not. We reached at the top. There were butterflies in my stomach. Any moment the town would have a free-fall and go down suddenly and fast.+

And it went, "Wohoo!!!" All of us screamed in unison. This went for 4-5 times. Everytime the tower went up Damian and I would look at each other and bam!! It would go down!!....................................2

"That was fun!" He said as we came out of the ride.+

"Yes definitely. What next?" I asked him.+

"Luna 360, what say?" +

"I haven't tried that yet. Let's try." I shrugged.+

"Oh my god you have to try it." He said and grabbed my hand. 2

We got seated. It was little bit like the first ride. But it was more thrilling. +


      
  
    
        
    
    
      
        
        
      
    
   
  7

Now we would move like a pendulum. The rush of land and sky mesh as Luna 360 glides back and forth, sending us head over heals through g-force inducing dual swinging and fluid spinning motion. 4

It was amazing!!+

..........................+

"Now you say which ride?" Damian asked when we finally stopped laughing after a wonderful Luna 360 ride.1

"Piggy ride." I said innocently.+

"Ohhh. Someone is tired so early." He raised his eyebrows.+

"I'm not tired I'm hungry. Please let's eat something and then continue with other rides.............................+

We had our snacks. We didn't eat much because then we would feel like vomiting at the rides. At last Damian bought me cotton candy even though I said today it will be on me.+

"Let's go to THE CONEY ISLAND CYCLONE!!" I jumped.+

"You sure you won't be afraid? It's way more thrilling than our previous rides Jen."+

"I'm not afraid okay?!! Now let's not waste time." I said a little irritated.+


      
  
    
        
    
    
      
        
        
      
    
   
  4

The Cyclone reaches a maximum speed of 60 miles per hour, carries 24 passengers, and boasts a total track length of 2,640 feet. As the second-steepest wooden roller coaster in the world, the Cyclone features an adrenaline-charged plunge measuring 85 feet at an uncompromising descent angle of almost 60 degrees. Exhilarating drops, curves, 27 elevation variations and a sinuous layout have made this iconic wooden coaster a timeless classic and after more than 90 years of operation the Cyclone is still delivering thrills.23

"Honestly Damian I loved this the most!! What a thrilling and exciting ride it was." +

"Wait till the final ride Jenny. Let's take you to The THUNDERBOLT!!" He said and put me on his shoulder and ran literally. +

 Thunderbolt features a nine-seat car with a state-of-the-art restraint system, an audacious 90 degree drop, with inversions, turns, and enough G-force to captivate us. The impressive orange colored steel behemoth's twisted layout erupts into the cityscapes. Experience the 2,233 feet of pure exhilaration, twists, bends, and plunges.+


      
  
    
        
    
    
      
        
        
      
    
   
  12

"I have to admit, this was the final ride!! The 90 degree fall is something else. Isn't it?" I said.+

"Yes Scott, Theo, Peter and I have enjoyed this ride the most. Even though Scott is a bit scared of this ride he uses to come to show off that he isn't a coward."+

"Uh huh. I will remember to tease Scott with this."+

"Now what?" I asked it was almost the closing time. +

"Let's get home, now I feel tired with spending all day enjoying rides." Damian said to which I was glad because I was also tired. 8

As we were walking towards my car, Damian suddenly pulled me towards him and took me for a delightful kiss. Soft and slow. I already said, I'm addictive to his kisses.+

"Thank you for the best date, Jen. I love you." He said and kissed my forehead.+

"Glad you enjoyed. And I love you too." I pulled him for another kiss.+

**************************Hello, hi! Hope you are doing good. +

Phew!! Long chapter guys. And it is just because of you. The love I have received in past few days motivated me to write this long chapter amidst my tight study schedule.+

Pls pls pls vote and comment your views. +

I'm not from New York, I have never been there so every information about New York and the park is from Google. Do not bash me if it's wrong. Try and understand.+

Love,A.💕+

DAMIAN'S P.O.V+

"Jen! Jenifer Martin coffee please." I said through the intercom. +

"Right on it." She answered.+

Within few minutes, she knocked on my cabin.+

"Come in!" +

"Here is your coffee." She smiled and handed it to me.+

"Thank you. How many times do I have to tell you that you don't need to knock on the door?" +

"Damian! I don't want people to call me ill mannered or something. And just because you are my boyfriend I don't want to behave unprofessional." She reasoned.+

This is one of the thing I like about her. She doesn't just go with what people are asking her to do. She has her opinions. She believes in them and lives like she wants to live.+

"Okay okay madam. Now back to work. But not without a kiss." I said and went towards her.+

"Someone is needy. Is that you Mr. Wilson?"+

"Yes i am very needy. Now give me a kiss." Saying i kissed her on her lips. She parted her lips to let me enter. We made out for sometime before someone knocked on the door.7

We parted, "Come in!" I said and went back to my chair.+

"Good morning Mr. Wilson, morning Jenifer." Said Henry Fannings, my new Finance head. He was hired after i fired ..He is proving to be an efficient employee.10

"Morning, what do we have Henry?"+

"Sir this is the file with each and every financial aspects of the deal with Mr. Smith. Pros and cons if we invest in his company with the percentage you have quoted in the meeting." He handed the file to me.+

"Alrighty. I will have it checked. I would like to do that myself but right now i am busy. Jen please go through this file with minute attention. Read it very carefully. Revert back to me by 4:00 pm." +

"On it Mr. Wilson." Jen and Henry both left the cabin.................................+

"Damian, I have read everything that is in this file, I think it's alright. But please you also give this a quick read. If you ask me, it's a green signal."+

"Alrighty, i will give this a read and will send the copy by today late evening to Mr. Smith's P.A. But first let's go out for a coffee." Saying we left the cabin.+

.....................+

It was now 7:00 pm already, i was so tired. Jen had already left. Tessa, Sam's girlfriend was coming for few hours in New York and then heading to Rome. So Jen and her were going out to dinner. She told me to tag along but I wanted them to enjoy there time alone. Without me or Sam!+

Just then someone knocked, " Come in!" +

"Good evening Mr. Wilson. I came on to check that have you signed the deal paperwork."+

"Ahh. Actually not. But its okay. I will do it right away. Jenifer has already checked it. And whatever talk I had with Mr. Smith was beneficial so let's go ahead with it."5

"Okay. There is the file."+

"Yes!"+

I signed the deal for Mr. Smith's company. I hope this deal will give us a competitive advantage in the market. 1

"Thank you Mr. Wilson." Henry left my cabin.+

There was nothing else I had in my today's agenda so I left the company for the day.+

********************Hello! First of all sorry for late update. You may think this chapter was a waste or not needed chapter. But wait and watch through the next few chapters. See how the story unfolds.+

Vote, comment and follow!+

Comment what did you do these past two months? Let's catch up!+

Love,A.🥰+

DAMIAN'S P.O.V+

As I woke up I see the most beautiful woman sleeping peacefully beside me, with my arms covering her body. Everyday I feel like I'm the luckiest man alive as I get to spend my day with Jen. +

Jen is amazing, beautiful, talented, kind, caring. She is a darling. And I haven't told anybody yet but I'm thinking about proposing her for marriage. We have dated for quite a time, we love each other, our families like each other and us.3

To disturb my planning, my phone goes off. It's Theo.+

"Hi, good........." He didn't even let me finish.+

"See the news!! Have you seen it? Where are you? I have been calling you since one hour, Scott and Petere were also calling you!! Where the fuck are you??" He literally yelled non stop.3

"Okay so what has happened to yell at me in 7:00 in the morning?" I removed the blanket and went to the balcony so that Jen wouldn't get disturbed.+

"The deal you signed with Mr. Smith.. what were you thinking? Did you even check what was written in the clauses? Or you just signed it in the sleep?"+

"Of course I read..... wait a second. I didn't myself read it but Jenifer went through it very carefully. She said the deal was good to go. And to top of that, when I had meetings with Mr. Smith he agreed to my terms."+

"Oh god Damian!! What have you done?! I get that Jen is your girlfriend but professionally you should have checked the deal by yourself."+

"Why what happened? Can you just tell me already?"+

"The deal you have signed states that the new business venture you are gonna start with Mr. Smith in Chicago- 75% profit after tax goes to him, you will be serving just as a del  credre agent. Plus, all the expenses of construction of the office in Chicago is to be borned completely by Wilson Clothing."10

My mind just blew up in pieces. What did he just told me? Is this real? Or this is a nightmare? Oh god!+

"Please tell me you are pulling some pranks." I said .+

"I wish Damian but right now just reach the office, we have to find a legal solution to it soon. Because our investors, shareholders are already agitated about this decision."+

"Yes yes I'm coming."+

"And please bring Jen we will have to talk to her because she was the one who read the deal papers. Do you think she is involved in this?" Theo asked and for a moment I was numb.2

How can I not trust on Jen? The love of my life. How can she do this to me? To the company. She knows how much my work, my company means to me. She cannot do this. But then how did this happen? She was the only one who read the clauses.+

"I don't know Theo. Will reach in 30."+

As soon as I got off the phone, I went inside the bedroom to see Jen still peacefully sleeping. She is a heavy sleeper i must say.+

"Jen! Wake up! Come on! Jen!!" +

"5 more minutes please." She mumbled in sleep.+

"Jen there's an emergency! We have to leave for office." I said and started getting ready.+

"What? What happened?!!" She immediately got up.+

"The deal with Mr. Smith... it's all haywire. The clauses which we put are absent and all the clauses present are absolutely not beneficial to us. That is why our investors and shareholders are demanding us to cancel the deal."+

What the actual fuck? I thought. How can this happen? +

"How did this happen Damian? I read the file you gave me so minutely. I mean........."+

"Not right now. First we need to reach the company." Damian just ignored my explanation.5

I nodded weakly. To be honest I don't know what's going to happen. I hope Damian trusts me with this.+

********************Hello my lovelies. Here is the update after more than two months, extremely sorry for that. I have been travelling for the last two months. Now I'm back home to start with studies as I have exams in November.+

Hope you like this chapter. Do tell in the comments section.+

Vote, comment, follow and share if you like it.+

Love,A.🌻+

DAMIAN P.O.V+

I really don't want to be suspicious about Jen. I know she can't do such thing. She has a heart of gold. She can never even scold to her juniors at the company. How can she do this?+

First thing I am going to do is check the cctv footage of my cabin. Nobody knows there's a cctv camera inside my cabin. Each and every corner of my company's building is covered by cctv but my cabin as everyone thinks.+

We reached Wilson Clothing. Jen was looking at me with tense face I knew that. But I ignored her deliberately. I didn't want to shout or yell at her for someone else's bad doing. +

As soon as we reached cabin Theo, Scott and Peter were already there.+

Peter was about to talk to Jen but I stopped him.+

"Before anything else, we are going to check my cabin's cctv footage."+

"Wait what? You have a cctv camera in here?" Scott said shocked.+

"Yes I do. Now come on. Jen sit please."+

"Hmm." Jen said, she was nervous I could tell. I wish I could hug her tight right now.+

"How don't we know about this Damian?!" Peter asked.+

"Now is not the time for this." I said as I started the cctv footage of the day when I gave that file to Jen.+

We all were looking at the footage very carefully, we didn't want to miss one detail of that day.+

We saw Jen coming inside the cabin at 3:55 pm, she kept that file inside my first drawer. After that she went out of the cabin. +

At 4:13 pm we saw Henry Fanning coming inside my cabin. Why is he here? I didn't call him, even I wasn't there. Wait...+

He opened the drawer with a duplicate key. How does he has this?He takes out the file of Mr. Smith's deal. He exchanges the file. And then he takes the real file with him.7

Bloody bastrd! How dare he do this? How dare he betray me and my company? +

Wait, wait a second that means Jen has actually done nothing as I thought.+

As I look at Jen she is lost in her own thoughts. I shake her a bit, "What are you thinking love?"+

"Damian I.... I mean do you now believe right that I had nothing to do with this? Please understand I would never do this to you or anybody for that matter." 4

I could feel the desperateness in ber voice. Poor Jen! Idiot me! I had completely ignored her since morning making her feel like the way she is feeling now.+

"Jen please get this that I never doubted you. Never. I was not talking to you because first I was tensed myself thinking who and why would someone do this. And second I didn't want to unnecessary shout at you unknowingly because of someone else. So please don't get this idea of me not trusting you. I love you Jen and I completely trust you my love."I said whilst cupping her face.+

Jen let out a sob, "oh thank god Damian, I love you too. And thank you for trusting me." She hugged me tightly. The moment I was waiting for since morning.10

"No need to say thank you." I mumbled as I patted her back.+

"Okay we have no more tissues left guys. So if you can just stop your lovey dovey stuff for sometime we have got some ass kicking to be done." Scott said.3

Jen laughed at that. Oops I completely forgot that we had an audience.+

"Yes yes. Let me see if Mr. Henry Fanning is present today or already left the city." I dialled the finance department reception.+

"Hello Wilson clothing, Finance department. How can I help you?"+

"I am Damian Wilson speaking send Henry Fannings in my cabin." +

"Oh hello Mr. Wilson. I'm afraid Mr. Fannings is on leave for a week." +

"Okay send his every material which he has kept in his work place, even his laptop."+

"Will be on it sir."+

I kept the phone, "As suspected he is on leave." I said to all.+

"But why need to talk to him, we can directly sue Smith. Of course he is involved in this."+

"Yes we are going to do that. But I also need to find this Fannings. He was my employee. I use to pay him. And he betrayed me. So he has to pay for his deeds." I slammed the table.+

******************Hello everyone, hope you like this update. Vote comment and follow for more updates.+

This book is nearing to an end. We have still 3-4 chapters left.1

so stay tuned for next project!+

Any idea anyone what kind will be the next book? Hint: Its a romance book too. Comment down below. I would like to know your guesses.+

Love,A.+

DAMIAN'S P.O.V+

Today was the day. I was going to propose Jen today. Yes can you believe it? Well, I can because this is what I wanted to do for so long. I love Jen so much. I want her by my side forever. 11

I hope she says yes. I mean I know she loves me. But she may think that marriage is a pretty important decision and she might think it's fast. But no matter what I am going to keep loving her till eternity. I can wait for her forever. The only thing is she should be happy.+

Anyways, I have already sent a dress for Jen. I have told Natasha to make sure she wears that dress. It is according to her liking, I'm sure she will look gorgeous in that dress. +

I will be wearing suit which will be looking like this 3


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                            7

I have already made the arrangements for the proposal. It is going to be at the top floor of the Empire State Building. Yes!! Jen and I use to go there for dates, it is one of our favourite spots for the dates. 3

There are going to be a lot of people after the proposal considering and hoping she will say yes. +

Mom, dad, Emelia, Seb, Theo, Scott, Peter, Sam, Tessa, Natasha, Carter and Mia. These all from our family and friends. Others will be paparazzi and few reporters from various magazines. They want to have the interview right after the proposal.5

I hope everything goes smoothly.+

..........................+

JEN'S P.O.V+

Natasha was pestering me to wear this dress she bought from somewhere. Not that the dress was bad but it was too much. I was just going on a date with Damian. Not to some award show. +

I guess I didn't have any other choice to her constant and I should say successful pestering, "Okay fine I will wear the dress." +


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                            15

It was a beautiful dress indeed. I was really excited about the date. It was a Normal date. But being with Damian never feels like normal. It feels exciting.+

As I got all dressed up, Damian's driver came to pick me as told by Damian.+

"Can you please tell me where are we going?" I asked because Natasha had blindfolded me.+

Yes can you guys believe this!!+

"No ma'am. It is sir's order to be absolutely discreet about everything."+

"Oh gosh! I'm gonna kill Damian." I huffed.+

"Wake me up when we reach." What should I do? I am actually having my eyes closed. Let's sleep!2

"Sure thing madam."+

................+

Hey guys!! Please don't hit me. I know I'm super late. Super super late. I'm sorryyyyy.This is a short chapter. Sorry for that too!!!+

Please vote, comment and shareee!!+

Love you guys!🥺🥰❤️+

Next chapter I'm gonna make it up to you.😉+

DAMIAN'S P.O.V+

Jen could be here any minute. I know she will be frustrated because I told Natasha to blind fold her. Knowing Jen, she must have asked 100 questions to Natasha asking why does she need to be blind folded.+

Oh I see the car coming. Huh! Come on Damian! You can do this.+

As the car stopped, I opened the door. Jen was blind folded according to the plan.+

"Jen, come on." I took her hand in mine.+

"Damian!! What is this? Why the heck have you blind folded me. It is so frustrating." She got down. I know this was coming.+

"It's matter of few more minutes Jen. Please come with me." I said as I led her through the entrance.+

"Alrighty!!!"+

.............................+

"How much more time?" Jen asked. I know she is getting frustrated but can't help.+

"1 more minute sweetheart. We have almost reached."+

"Where are you taking me? To space or what?"+

I smiled at her response. Typical Jen.+

"Alrighty open your blind folds." +

I stood behind her, in front of her was the decoration.+


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                            14

JENIFER'S P.O.V+

I opened my blind folds and oh my god! This is such a beautiful decoration. Wait a second, where is Damian? He has done all this?+

I turned around to see Damian already looking and smiling at me.+

"Damian!! All this....." I grabbed his arms. I was going all emotional.+

"Wait for the actual surprise Jen."+

"There's more?"3

"Of course. Jen I.... I love you. I love you so so so much. Words will always fall short to express my love for you but will try. You are literally the best things ever ever happened to me. I'm grateful that somehow in this crazy universe with infinite possibilities, destiny paved the way for us to meet. I don't know where would have I been without you? I want to wake up at 2am, roll over, see your face and know that I'm right where I'm supposed to be. To be with you forever. And believe me, this is just one reason why I want to marry you. Yes I want to marry you. I can't live without you. Please marry me, heart?"12

Oh my goodness! Damian, love of my life just proposed me. This is way too overwhelming. But I know the answer to his question.+

"Yes! Yes I will marry you Damian." I squealed.+

Damian wasted no time to put the ring on my finger and placing his lips on mine. The only thing about the kiss- it was the most magical we ever had. +

"I love you Jen!! Thank you so much. You have made me the luckiest happiest man. I promise to love and cherish you forever." Damian said breaking from the kiss.2

"I love you too baby. Can't wait for the new start with you by my side. You are my forever and always."+

Our forehead were touched to each others. Tears flowing through our eyes. Happy tears... Both of us were feeling overwhelmed. We just stood there holding each other.+

"CONGRATULATIONS GUYS!!"3

We hear a huge sound. And boom there are lots of people coming in the room. Sam Tessa, Theo, Scott, Peter, Damian's mom dad, Emelia Seb, Natasha Carter Mia.+

Our people. Everyone was congratulating us. Everyone was so happy and emotional at the same time. Especially my brother and Damian's mom. +

"We are so happy and so lucky to have you as our daughter in law Jen. You make our son really happy. Thank you for being there for him."She said.+

"There's no matter to say thank you. I love Damian. Being the lucky one it's the other way around I'm sure.+

"So Future Mrs. Wilson, shall we go for a drive?" Damian pulled me by my waist.+

"Sure future husband. Anywhere with you."114

**********************SO SUPRISE UPDATE! Also the LAST UPDATE OF CEO's GIRL.+

Yes i know. It's sudden. I'm surprised myself. When I started this book, i had a vision. But as the story progressed I wasn't much happy with story I was coming up. Hence, I decided to stop and put a happy and good ending to the story.+

If I had a good idea, it would be 2-3 chapters more nothing more. There may or may not be an epilogue for this book. But anyways, here is the last part. Hope you guys enjoyed.+

Thank you so much for showing love, support and patience throughout this book. Forever grateful!!🧿❤️+

I hope you show same or even more love and support to my new book "MATCH MADE IN HEAVEN"+

Signing off from this book!🤗+

See you all soon at MATCH MADE IN HEAVEN.+

Love,A.+

🧿♥️☺️+

Anurag Kanitkar, a 27 year old guy, recruited in Indian Army. He is brave, kind hearted for family and ruthless for every person who tries to hurt his country, India.+

Shruti Ranade, a 26 year old girl recruited as a Intelligence officer for Indian Defence. She strong, ambitious, confident.+

Both the families are after them to get married. Both of them are hesitant because of their professions. +

Let us see how their story unfolds. How will these two meet? Will they feel love at first sight or it will be opposite? +

Stay tune to find out about Anurag and Shruti!!+

Love,A.🥰+

**************************NOTE:+

This is my newest book!! Please add this book to your reading list. Vote, comment and share this book.+

Hope you will enjoy! Let me know how you like this book.+

🧿❤️+

DAMIAN'S P.O.V+

Today was the day. I was going to propose Jen today. Yes can you believe it? Well, I can because this is what I wanted to do for so long. I love Jen so much. I want her by my side forever. 11

I hope she says yes. I mean I know she loves me. But she may think that marriage is a pretty important decision and she might think it's fast. But no matter what I am going to keep loving her till eternity. I can wait for her forever. The only thing is she should be happy.+

Anyways, I have already sent a dress for Jen. I have told Natasha to make sure she wears that dress. It is according to her liking, I'm sure she will look gorgeous in that dress. +

I will be wearing suit which will be looking like this 3


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                            7

I have already made the arrangements for the proposal. It is going to be at the top floor of the Empire State Building. Yes!! Jen and I use to go there for dates, it is one of our favourite spots for the dates. 3

There are going to be a lot of people after the proposal considering and hoping she will say yes. +

Mom, dad, Emelia, Seb, Theo, Scott, Peter, Sam, Tessa, Natasha, Carter and Mia. These all from our family and friends. Others will be paparazzi and few reporters from various magazines. They want to have the interview right after the proposal.5

I hope everything goes smoothly.+

..........................+

JEN'S P.O.V+

Natasha was pestering me to wear this dress she bought from somewhere. Not that the dress was bad but it was too much. I was just going on a date with Damian. Not to some award show. +

I guess I didn't have any other choice to her constant and I should say successful pestering, "Okay fine I will wear the dress." +


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                            15

It was a beautiful dress indeed. I was really excited about the date. It was a Normal date. But being with Damian never feels like normal. It feels exciting.+

As I got all dressed up, Damian's driver came to pick me as told by Damian.+

"Can you please tell me where are we going?" I asked because Natasha had blindfolded me.+

Yes can you guys believe this!!+

"No ma'am. It is sir's order to be absolutely discreet about everything."+

"Oh gosh! I'm gonna kill Damian." I huffed.+

"Wake me up when we reach." What should I do? I am actually having my eyes closed. Let's sleep!2

"Sure thing madam."+

................+

Hey guys!! Please don't hit me. I know I'm super late. Super super late. I'm sorryyyyy.This is a short chapter. Sorry for that too!!!+

Please vote, comment and shareee!!+

Love you guys!🥺🥰❤️+

Next chapter I'm gonna make it up to you.😉+

DAMIAN'S P.O.V+

Jen could be here any minute. I know she will be frustrated because I told Natasha to blind fold her. Knowing Jen, she must have asked 100 questions to Natasha asking why does she need to be blind folded.+

Oh I see the car coming. Huh! Come on Damian! You can do this.+

As the car stopped, I opened the door. Jen was blind folded according to the plan.+

"Jen, come on." I took her hand in mine.+

"Damian!! What is this? Why the heck have you blind folded me. It is so frustrating." She got down. I know this was coming.+

"It's matter of few more minutes Jen. Please come with me." I said as I led her through the entrance.+

"Alrighty!!!"+

.............................+

"How much more time?" Jen asked. I know she is getting frustrated but can't help.+

"1 more minute sweetheart. We have almost reached."+

"Where are you taking me? To space or what?"+

I smiled at her response. Typical Jen.+

"Alrighty open your blind folds." +

I stood behind her, in front of her was the decoration.+


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                            14

JENIFER'S P.O.V+

I opened my blind folds and oh my god! This is such a beautiful decoration. Wait a second, where is Damian? He has done all this?+

I turned around to see Damian already looking and smiling at me.+

"Damian!! All this....." I grabbed his arms. I was going all emotional.+

"Wait for the actual surprise Jen."+

"There's more?"3

"Of course. Jen I.... I love you. I love you so so so much. Words will always fall short to express my love for you but will try. You are literally the best things ever ever happened to me. I'm grateful that somehow in this crazy universe with infinite possibilities, destiny paved the way for us to meet. I don't know where would have I been without you? I want to wake up at 2am, roll over, see your face and know that I'm right where I'm supposed to be. To be with you forever. And believe me, this is just one reason why I want to marry you. Yes I want to marry you. I can't live without you. Please marry me, heart?"12

Oh my goodness! Damian, love of my life just proposed me. This is way too overwhelming. But I know the answer to his question.+

"Yes! Yes I will marry you Damian." I squealed.+

Damian wasted no time to put the ring on my finger and placing his lips on mine. The only thing about the kiss- it was the most magical we ever had. +

"I love you Jen!! Thank you so much. You have made me the luckiest happiest man. I promise to love and cherish you forever." Damian said breaking from the kiss.2

"I love you too baby. Can't wait for the new start with you by my side. You are my forever and always."+

Our forehead were touched to each others. Tears flowing through our eyes. Happy tears... Both of us were feeling overwhelmed. We just stood there holding each other.+

"CONGRATULATIONS GUYS!!"3

We hear a huge sound. And boom there are lots of people coming in the room. Sam Tessa, Theo, Scott, Peter, Damian's mom dad, Emelia Seb, Natasha Carter Mia.+

Our people. Everyone was congratulating us. Everyone was so happy and emotional at the same time. Especially my brother and Damian's mom. +

"We are so happy and so lucky to have you as our daughter in law Jen. You make our son really happy. Thank you for being there for him."She said.+

"There's no matter to say thank you. I love Damian. Being the lucky one it's the other way around I'm sure.+

"So Future Mrs. Wilson, shall we go for a drive?" Damian pulled me by my waist.+

"Sure future husband. Anywhere with you."114

**********************SO SUPRISE UPDATE! Also the LAST UPDATE OF CEO's GIRL.+

Yes i know. It's sudden. I'm surprised myself. When I started this book, i had a vision. But as the story progressed I wasn't much happy with story I was coming up. Hence, I decided to stop and put a happy and good ending to the story.+

If I had a good idea, it would be 2-3 chapters more nothing more. There may or may not be an epilogue for this book. But anyways, here is the last part. Hope you guys enjoyed.+

Thank you so much for showing love, support and patience throughout this book. Forever grateful!!🧿❤️+

I hope you show same or even more love and support to my new book "MATCH MADE IN HEAVEN"+

Signing off from this book!🤗+

See you all soon at MATCH MADE IN HEAVEN.+

Love,A.+

🧿♥️☺️+

Anurag Kanitkar, a 27 year old guy, recruited in Indian Army. He is brave, kind hearted for family and ruthless for every person who tries to hurt his country, India.+

Shruti Ranade, a 26 year old girl recruited as a Intelligence officer for Indian Defence. She strong, ambitious, confident.+

Both the families are after them to get married. Both of them are hesitant because of their professions. +

Let us see how their story unfolds. How will these two meet? Will they feel love at first sight or it will be opposite? +

Stay tune to find out about Anurag and Shruti!!+

Love,A.🥰+

**************************NOTE:+

This is my newest book!! Please add this book to your reading list. Vote, comment and share this book.+

Hope you will enjoy! Let me know how you like this book.+

🧿❤️+





