WARNINGYou have been warned 8.9K

Aloha minions. Welcome to hating the player. I want to apologize now for the absolutely horrible language, I don't see the mistakes or obviously I would have corrected them so be patient and when I'm done with the book I will edit it. Sorry if you don't know what the books saying because of a word change because to be honest, autocorrect is a bitch.952

Speaking of bitches, there is a lot of swearing in this book so sorry to the little innocent angels reading this book but you guys need to turn around. 4.3K

Everything written in this book is from my imagination so please don't steal it and try think of your own ideas. All the characters, events etc. Are from my head and not from anywhere else. Now that all that is out the way, enjoy! Love you all ;) xxx 273

*-*-*        6

Description 28

Melody Carson has been in the same class as Tyson McCannon since primary school. 1.2K

She's watched him play with girls, set the school on fire, skip classes, prank teachers, smoke behind the school, break the law, get into fights with other guys for fun and even watched him get suspended for three weeks. 1.1K

He always ruins everything and never does what he is told.180

Melody has hated him since the day he set foot in her school and luckily he has never noticed her.166

That is, until now. Tyson has set his eyes on Melody and won't stop until he gets what he wants. 157

And he wants her.718

*-*-*31

Cast20

MELODY CARSON533


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                            291

TYSON MCCANNON 288


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                            513

*-*-*   27

Chose a new cast and aww they're super cute man23

Also, I should say now that I wrote this book a while ago and haven't gotten the chance to edit it so there are quite a few grammar mistakes and some cringe-worthy stuff so I apologize (yes, I was going through the book and actually cringed at myself lol) 65

Lots of love and jelly tots- TPG326

Melody's POV688

This is a story of a girl that hated the player.7.2K

I sit at the back of the class and sketch smiley faces on my notepad as my teacher explains the exponential and trig graphs to us again. 1.3K

My eyes focus on Tyson as he sticks his hand up. The teacher glares at Tyson, "What do you want, Tyson?" She asks. Yup, he is her favorite. 1K

Tyson McCannon is, no doubt, the hottest guy at the school. He has the looks, the talents and the body. He flirts with everyone and is known as 'the player' of Killeville High and yet most girls still sleep with him and get their hearts broken when they find out he was just using them. Surprise, you just slept with a player... What did you expect? Thank god Tyson has never spoken to me or even looked at me since seventh grade. 3.3K

He is reckless and I absolutely hate him for it. I mean seriously, one time I was partnered with him for a biology project in grade seven and he let poisonous frogs loose in the lab so we got zero for the project and we got detention. 2K

"Ma'am, what is the point of maths? I mean, my mom is an accountant and even she doesn't use the quadratic formula." 4.7K

I roll my eyes and put my head on my desk. Can this Lesson just be over already? As if God heard my prayer, the bell rings. Lunch time bitches! *mini internal dance party* What? I like my food. 4.5K

I get up and pack my bags then head straight for the cafeteria. Unlike in those movies where the cafeteria food is disgusting, our school serves awesome things like pizzas and chocolate mousse. 5.2K

Once I've gotten my food I take a seat at the table I've been sitting at for the last three years. "Hey Mel." My best friend, Jessica Melroy, greets. "Hey Jess." I say and smile as I sit down and start stuffing my face. 1.2K

Jessica turns to the right to watch with everyone else as Tyson and his two best friends- Jackson Griffits and Tyler Holver sit down at a table with the rest of the populars aka. the sluts and jocks. 4K

Sadly Jessica likes Jackson and so she made me come and sit at one of the tables closest to the populars. Yay. Not.897

The populars are loud and disgusting, take now for instance; One of the cheerleaders are sitting on Tyson's lap and sucking his face like her life depends on it. Ew. 2.8K

"Dude, I've fucked most of the girls in this school. There isn't anyone I can't get." I overhear Tyson saying to Jackson. Jackson raises his eyebrows then turns to scan the cafeteria. His eyes keep scanning and I watch him, until his eyes land on someone unexpected and he smirks. Me. 5.1K

Jackson turns back to Tyson, "Bet you can't get Melody Carson." Jackson says and nods his head towards me. I quickly look away at Jessica who is staring at me with wide eyes, "Did you hear them?" She screeches. "He is betting that Tyson can't get you. Do you know how competitive Tyson is? Run." She whispers loudly. 4.2K

I listen to Jess and stand up, quickly glancing over at the populars takes to see Tyson and Jackson staring at me. 872

I quickly make me way towards the exit of the cafeteria and out the doors. There is still five minutes till lunch ends, I guess I'll just walk to class. 525

As I walk I hear someone shout my name. I turn around and my eyes widen when I see Tyson running towards me. 2.3K

I start backing away slowly but Tyson catches up to me faster than expected and he crashes me into the wall. I groan and shut my eyes, "Ouch." 1K

I open my eyes when I hear Tyson whispers, "Step one." Or at least I think that's what he said. "Do you know who I am?" Tyson asks. I frown and nod my head. "Good." 1.8K

He leans his head down towards me and puts his forehead against mine. I feel his minty breath fan my face as his green eyes stare into my blue ones. 2K

His body is still pressed against mine, "Step two." He says, a smirk forming on his lips. My mind is screaming at him to get away from me but my mouth is shut. 743

I stay frozen in my spot and even when Tyson moves his lips closer towards mine, I don't move. 843

Before I know what's happening, Tyson kisses me with so much force that I would have fallen over if the lockers were not behind me. 2.9K

Tyson McCannon is kissing me!6.5K

*-*-*32

Welcome to the dark side my minions ;) I ate all the cookies but we have some milk left over if you want...781

New update: Just letting you guys know that I post writing tips on my Instagram reels (how to get reads, writing dialogue, getting rid of writers block etc) & I'll be making lots more in the future. If that's something you'd like to check out, my Instagram is @laylaawrites 2

So what did you think of this chapter? 280

Lots of love and jelly tots- TPG46

Melody's POV 151

Tyson wraps his arms around my waist and pulls me closer to his body. He bites my lip and kisses me again, pressing his lips aggressively against mine.2.1K

But the thing is, my body doesn't seem to want to do what my mind is telling it. Inside I'm screaming and shouting and trying to push him away but on the outside I'm pressing my hand lightly on his cheek and I'm kissing him back.3.9K

What the hell are you doing? Stupid child it's Tyson fricking McCannon!570

I push against his chest, sucking in a breath of air. I just made out with Tyson McCannon. Ew. 705

I bring my knee up and kick him where it hurts the most. 3.1K

"Mierda! [shit!]" Tyson swears in Spanish. Damn, he's Spanish. That's kind of hot. 8.1K

*-*-*-*54

Tyson's POV246

I lean over with my hands on my knees, swearing out profanities. "Holy mother of fucks, that hurt!" I shout. 943

She kicked me! Nobody has ever kicked me and gotten away with it. 794

Melody's eyes widen as she realizes what she has done. Before I can stop her, she is sprinting down the hall and out the school. Wow, she runs pretty fast for a girl. 8.5K

I bite my lip, trying to ignore the wearing pain. She kicks hard! Holy shit. 427

Feisty, I like it.4.5K

I stand up and grunt. If that girl things she can get away so easily she is very wrong. I know she will try to hide from me but I am not going to make that easy for her at all.747

Jackson thinks I can't get her. I am going to get her. I'll make sure that she falls for me and when she does, I'll break her heart like I do with every other girl and forget about get. Melody won't make it easy for me either, I know that but I like a challenge every once in a while. 4.3K

Challenge accepted Melody.684

You see, I have a five step plan to get any girl I want. 814

Step one: Introduce myself. Obviously most people know who I am so the first one is easy and simple. Just go to the girl and tell them who I am and they're already all over me. 691

Step two: Kiss her. Its pretty simple, really. Most girls dream of kissing me but I don't notice them unless I'm bored and need some entertainment in bed. I kiss the girl and they always kiss me back. Not one has not kissed me back. Even Melody kissed me back. But nobody except Melody has slapped me or kicked me. Most of them fall for me then if they havent already fallen for my looks because let's just be honest, I'm gorgeous. 4.8K

Step three: Ask them out. Normally the girls in this town get into bed with me after I introduce myself so I have never really needed to ask any girl out. Although my goal since the beginning of high school was to sleep with every girl in the school so I had to take a few girls out to sleep with them. There is still one girl I need to sleep with and then my list is complete; Melody. I will get her. 5.3K

Step four: Fuck them. Sorry for the bluntness but that's what I do. I sleep with the girl and she always begs for more but most girls get boring after one round so I ditch them and move to the next. No girl has not fallen for me after I've slept with them so that is always the cherry on the cake to wrap the girl around my finger. 1.6K

Step five: Ditch them. Yup, this is my favorite step. I leave them begging me to stay. Oh well, sorry I broke your heart but you should've seen it coming. Nobody this good looking stays with one girl. 5.7K

And that ladies and gentleman, is my fool proof method to get any girl I want. It works every time. And I am going to use it to get Melody. 1K

I take my phone out the pocket of my black jeans and switch it on, 57

Me, 12:44pm: Hey babe, meet me in the janitors closet in five minutes ;) 746

I send the message to one of the sluts in the school. 1.7K

My phone vibrates, 29

Slut #2, 12:44pm: Okay baby ;* see you soon xxx5.8K

I walk upstairs to the janitors office and lean against the green door as I wait for the chick, I don't remember her name. 319

Don't blame me, I can't remember every girl I fuck, okay?1.5K

I look to my left and watch the slut walk down the corridor in high heels and a miniskirt. Her hips sway as she walks. 550

Damn she's sexy but she needs to tone down on the make up. 2.2K

Time to have some fun.683

*-*-*21

Adios minions. See you soon xxx45

Lots of love and jelly tots- TPG55

Melody's POV1K

The next day I get up the way I do every morning and get ready, putting on a black high waisted shorts and a plain white shirt that says 'NOPE' in capital letters on the front. This shirt explains my mood every day, honestly.4.1K

My mom drives me to school even though my school is in walking distance of my house. She just drops me because she has to take by brother to school and my school is on the way. Its pretty convenient because that means no exercise early in the morning and it also means that no other students that go to my school have to see me walking like a zombie to school on a Monday morning. 310

"Enjoy school sweetheart." My mom says as I get out the car. Ha, enjoy school. As if that is even remotely possible. "Bye mom, see you later." I say, slamming the door shut.728

I walk up the steps to my school. Ah, my favorite place to be every day at seven in the morning. Not. I really hate school. I just need a six month holiday twice a year, that's all I ask. Oh and they need to get rid of maths as a subject because it sucks. 4.2K

I walk into the school and look around for Tyson. Why? Because he kissed me and I KICKED HIM WHERE THE SUN DON'T SHINE! Oh my gosh, what have I done? What was I thinking? Why am I such an idiot? Stupid. Stupid. Stupid. 1.3K

I spot Tyson leaning against his locker, his hands are stuffed in the pockets of his black jeans and his white shirt is hugging his body in all the right places. It's sad to admit that he is absolutely gorgeous. His eyes are scanning the hallways, looking for someone as his two best friends; Jackson and Tyler talk beside him and laugh about something stupid. Jackson has his arm around one of the 'easy' girls at our school named Kyla. Kyla is best friends with Brittany and you don't even want to know who Brittany is, trust me.2.5K

I look back at Tyson and realize his eyes are on me. Oh my gosh! I quickly hide my face behind my long, light brown hair and try to walk past Tyson to my locker. Tyson calls my name several times but I don't answer, instead I start walking faster. 821

Strong, muscled arms wrap around my waist and pull me backwards against someone's chest. "Why are you avoiding me?" Tyson whispers in my ear, making a shiver go down my spine. "Why are you talking to me?" I ask. "No lo se [I don't know]." He says. "Don't speak Spanish to me." I command. "¿Por qué? ¿Te molesta? [Why? Does it bother you?]" Tyson asks. No, I just find it really sexy. "Yes, me molesta [It bothers me]." I say, honestly. "Bueno." He whispers, "¿Tu hablas español? [You speak Spanish?]" He asks, looking surprised. I roll my eyes, "If you didn't know I spoke Spanish then why did you speak to me in Spanish?" I ask. He shrugs. Idiot. "I need to talk to you, alone." He says and pulls me by my wrist towards the janitors closet. "What? But there is two minutes until school starts." I complain. In different circumstances I would be more than happy to skip literature but because its Tyson I want to get away as fast as I can.2.3K

He pulls me into the janitors closet and shuts the door. I lean against the wall and sigh, "What do you want?" I ask, exasperated. Tyson walks towards me and puts his hand under my chin and lifts it, making me look directly into his green eyes. The closet is dimly lit but I can still see the smirk on his face, "I want you." He whispers.1.6K

"W-what?" I stutter. Get yourself together! This is Tyson McCannon! He chuckles, "You're cute, my cariño [darling]." He states. 2.2K

He leans his face towards mine and I hold my breath. Don't kiss me. Please, don't kiss me. My mind begs. I let out a breath when his face stops, his lips a centimeter away from mine. His hot breath fans against my face. He smells so good, like cinnamon and something hot. It smells delicious. 633

Tyson moves his lips a bit closer to mine and bites my lips causing a soft moan to escape my lips. No! Stupid mouth. He chuckles at my reaction, "Le di! [Bullseye!]" Tyson says. Damn it, biting is my weakness. Tyson is the one person I didn't want to know that. 3.2K

Tyson moves his lips down to the bottom of my neck and bites me again causing me to moan louder and I put my hand in his shoulder because he's making my knees feel weak. He smiles against my skin. Damn it. He traces kisses lightly up my neck and on my jaw then lightly bites my ear and pulls. I bite my lip, knowing that my mouth doesn't stay shut. I'm breathing hard, he knows my weakness. The one thing that can bring me to my knees. 1.7K

Well not literally, ya lil' nasties!2.2K

Tyson brings his lips in front of mine once again and before I can say anything, his lips crash against mine. No! He is kissing me again! 3.1K

*-*-*37

Mwahaha I love being able to control what hot guys do with my mind. (Even if they're fictional.) Perks of being a writer ;)419

Lots of love and jelly tots- TPG39

Melody's POV118

I push my hands against Tyson's chest, moving him away from me. He raises his eyebrows in surprise. Yes, pretty boy. You finally found someone that doesn't want to kiss you. You want an award? "Will you go out with me?" Tyson asks, scrunching his eyebrows and rubbing the back of his neck. God, does he not understand the meaning of the word rejection? "No." I say. 1.5K

"No?" Tyson repeats. I sigh and push the door of the closet open. I'm ten minutes late for literature now. Thanks a lot Tyson. Hopefully Mrs. V doesn't kill me. I walk down the corridor and Tyson runs  after me and when he catches up to me puts his arm around my shoulders. Dear lord help me try not to kill a bitch today. 2.5K

"What?" I snap. "I have Lit with you, remember? So, why won't you go out with me?" Tyson asks. "Because I don't like you Tyson. This may be new to you but there is no way in hell I would ever like you. So stop kissing me." I command and walk into the Literature classroom. 750

The classroom goes silent as Tyson and I walk in. "Why are you two so late to class?" Mrs. V asks. "Sorry ma'am." I say and sit down at the one of the only available seats next to Tyson. "Well, we are doing Shakespeare's Romeo and Juliet and you have a project due on Monday to act out a scene that is given to you. As punishment for you two being late you two will be acting out the kissing scene in Act 1 Scene 5 that nobody else wanted." What! I have to kiss Tyson? In front of the whole class! "What? Ma'am I'm sorry I was late I was just stuck in traffic, please can I swap with one of the other girls in this class?" I lie. M desperate, okay? All the girls erupt in shouts, begging the teacher to swap me with them. Tyson leans back in his chair and smirks. "Settle down class. No Melody, I'm sorry but you can not swap partners." Says in a tone that is final.3.7K

I sigh and put my head on my desk. "So, I'll come to your house tomorrow and we can have a make out session." Tyson says. I groan, "Callate [Shut up]." 1.5K

"Ooh, hablame asucio [talk dirty to me]." He whispers and winks. "Okay students, for the rest of the lesson you need to discuss how and when you are going to do your scenes from the play." Mrs. V says. Tyson moves his chair to my table and I groan and proceed to hit my head again at the table several times. "What? You don't want me alone in your bedroom tomorrow when we have to practice kissing. Just tell you're parents, I'm sure they will be fine with it." My eyes widened and I shake my head, "'Nope, I can't do it at my house. I'll come to you're house." I say. "Just come tonight and we can get it over with." He says. 1.8K

*-*-*23

Tyson's POV65

"Okay, just send me your address." Melody says. Great. Now she will be in my room alone with me. My dad isn't home so I'll be alone with Melody. Perfect. Then I can get her into bed with me. I don't know why she doesn't want to kiss me. It just doesn't make sense. I'm a good kisser, I'm sexy as fuck. I don't get it.5.4K

Now she has to kiss me and she still doesn't want to. I should ask her why. I mean, what's the big deal? I'm just going to kiss her, fuck her, leave her. That's it, so what's the problem?5.2K

Today was the first time ever than a girl did not kiss me back. Instead she pushed me away. What? Why? Ugh, I'm over thinking about kissing Melody. Why am I even thinking about it? 571

I just need to get her into bed to win the bet and then I never have to kiss her soft lips again. I don't know what she does but she tastes really good, like candyfloss.1.8K

Ugh, I'm still thinking about kissing her. What are you doing Tyson?880

I stand up and walk out the class when the bell rings, leaving Melody alone. She's the first girl that rejected me and the only kiss I remember. It was warm and sexy and when she moaned when I bit her it just- Shit, I'm doing it again. 2.6K

*-*-*31

Lots of love and jelly tots- TPG106

Melody's POV160

The next day I walk to Tyson's house. He texted me his address and I found out he actually lives around the corner from me. By around the corner I don't mean when your mom says "Hi sweetie, I'm around the corner, I'll be there now." kind of around the corner. I mean if you walk three houses down and turn right then his house is right there.962

I ring the doorbell and wait. Five minutes later Tyson opens the door and is wearing a towel that is draped loosely around his waist, there is water dripping down his body. he has a tattoo of three roses going down the left side his stomach. Oh my fuck. Talk about sexy. What? 1.4K

Tyson frowns, "You're early." He says. "Tyson, it's half past five." I say. We decided to meet at half past five. Tyson insisted we meet at half past ten and I could just sleep in his room if it gets too late to walk back. Stupid child. "Oh, okay, well come in then. I'm just going to go put on cloths. Just come up with me, I'll change in my bathroom." Tyson says. 1.2K

I nod and walk upstairs with Tyson, his house is really nice, there is a lot of glass and wood and it looks really modern. He opens a door that has a poster saying keep out, typical, and walks in. Tyson's room is big and has light blue walls with a single bed on the right, a white wooden desk and the rest if the room is pretty empty except for the cupboards and a mirror that goes along the entire wall. Ha, cocky much?717

"I know what yes urge thinking and no, I don't use the mirror to just stare at myself all day, I use it to dance in front of. Well that's also why this room is so empty, I use to to dance most of the time." Tyson explains. "You dance? What dancing do you do? Can you dance for me?" I ask. Tyson chuckles, "I just do hip hop and no, we need to practice. If you do it properly maybe I'll dance for you, that means no complaining about kissing me, okay cupcake?" I frown and nod, "Okay, but don't call me cupcake." I say. 3K

"Why, you don't like it?" Tyson asks and I shake my head. "Well that's too bad, cupcake." Tyson says and winks then walks into the bathroom. Idiot.708

He walks out again and is wearing nothing but grey sweet pants that hang low on his waist. I look down at his shirtless torso and back up at his face and he smirks at me, "Like what you see?" He asks.985

"Yes." I whisper. Tyson raises his eyebrows and smiles. He walks towards me and pulls me against his chest, leaning his forehead against mine. He takes my legs and pulls me up and I wrap my legs around his shirtless waist. I press my lips against his and he slowly walks towards his bed, carrying me with him.8K

He places me down on the bed and puts his body in between my legs, not moving his lips from mine. I rub my hand down Tyson's body, feeling his muscles, he let's out a moan against my lips and smiles.1K

Just kidding, that never happened. Although it was really hot in my imagination. I roll my eyes, "Yeah right." I say. 9.6K

Tyson takes out his Samsung and googles the scene we have to act out. Nah, IPhone is so much better than Samsung, right? 13.7K

*-*-*87

After acting it out a few times without kissing Tyson tries to get me to kiss him but fails horribly, he sighs and sits down on the bed, "Why won't you kiss me?" Tyson asks. My eyes wonder down to his bare stomach that looks fine as fuck right now. Is it hot in here? Or is it just him? I quickly look up at his face before he catches me checking him out.305

"Because you kissed me twice. Without my permission, might I add." I explain. Tyson faces me and stares intensely into my eyes, he puts his hand on my thigh, "Come on, give me a better reason than that." Tyson says. I look down at Tyson's hand and bite my lip.542

Should I tell him?  93

No!19

Just do it? 162

I sigh, "Because... You stole my first kiss." I say and look back up at Tyson's eyes.6.8K

*-*-*18

What did you think of this chapter? 265

Lots of love and jelly tots- TPG18

Melody's POV129

"I was your first kiss?" Tyson asks, repeating my statement as a question. I look down and awkwardly play with my fingers, "Yeah, I know its weird but my first boyfriend never kissed me. I mean, I dated him for a year but he just never did it. I found out why. But yeah, you're my first kiss." I explain. 1.9K

Tyson lifts my chin, making me look directly into his eyes, "What happened, with your first boyfriend?"  Tyson asks. I shake my head. I don't want to talk about that... Ever.2.3K

*-*-*66

After we practiced the act one more time, without kissing of course, I walk back home alone. Tyson tried to walk me home but I refused. 139

I guess Tyson isn't too bad when you see past his whole bad boy façade. He's definitely still puts the ass in badass but he apologized for taking my first kiss. I guess my first kiss could have been worse, or I would have ended up alone, kissing my dogs instead of my husband. Ugh, I'm going to die alone. At least I won't die with cats, I don't like cats, they're the bitchiest animals ever and they don't listen ever. Stupid cats, but kittens are adorable so its fine. 6.6K

What was I talking about again?732

I get to my room and change into my pajamas. I feel exhausted and I've hardly done anything today. My life is becoming so sad. I need to watch Netflix, that always makes me feel better. 708

I walk downstairs and put a bag of popcorn in the microwave, once it's done connect my computer to the T.V. Wrapping a blanket around my body, I sit down. 42

Hahaha, what would I do without Netflix?358

No Teen Wolf?4.4K

No Vampire Diaries? 3.9K

No Originals?2.5K

And no Gossip Girl?2.1K

Oh my god, that means no Chuck Bass or Dylan O'Brien or Colton Haynes. No, my life would be horrible. 4.1K

What is wrong with me? I'm obsessed with people I will probably never meet. Ahh, the perks of being a fangirl. You know? 3.8K

*-*-*29

Sorry about this chapter, it was shorts and boring but I promise the next will make up for it ;) love you all xxx thanks for reading :* 60

Lots of love and jelly tots- TPG32

Melody's POV    38

I walk out of my Literature class. I haven't talked to Tyson since we acted out our scene in front of the class. I never kissed him, we just pretended to kiss and i haven't kissed him since we were in the janitors closet. 288

I walk down the hall and into the cafeteria. Food... My boyfriend. Sorry ladies but he's taken, and he is the best boyfriend ever.3.4K

Ha, taking single to the next level. 880

I walk into the cafeteria and look around, I see Jessica sitting at the same table as always, she smiles at me and I smile back. I go get my food and sit down next to her. "Hey hun." Jess says.  I just nod, my mouth already full of food. 147

Jess looks around the cafeteria and I watch her, she is beautiful with long blond hair and natural highlights, blue eyes and an awesome body. I don't why she isn't dating Jackson yet, they would be perfect together.534

I watch as Jessica's eyes widen and she elbows me, "Ouch, what was that-" Jessica cuts me off, "Look!" she whispers loudly. 31

I turn to see what she is staring at with her mouth agape and then I see him. Dicklan. My ex. Let's just say his parents chose the right name for him because dick is definitely one way to explain him. When I see him its like a punch to the stomach and I forget how to breath. Inhale, exhale, inhale, exhale. But all I do is inhale, inhale, inhale. 5K

Let me introduce you to Dicklan Somerhalt. I dated him, I fell in love with him, I thought he would stop  being a player, I was wrong, he cheated on me, the end. Typical cliché. But it was absolutely horrible. But I never thought I would see him again and yet here he was, in my school, flirting with a cheerleader. Just great. Could it get any worse?1.4K

Here's a little personal tip: Never ask that question. It will always get worse. 412

Jackson cones and sits at our table. Tyson is looking at me with a frown. "Thanks Melody." Jackson says and grins. Jessica is watching him with love stuck eyes. My poor best friend is in love with a player. 275

"For what?" I ask, confused. "For not sleeping with Tyson. I know you heard us make the bet and so thanks for not sleeping with him because It means I am winning. But we've taken it to the next level, if I win, I get one of Tyson's cars and if he wins then I have to get the top 5 to sleep with him all on the same day."  Jackson explains. 966

"What if you don't get him the top 5?" I ask. The top five are the five most popular girls at our school; Brittany, Katy, Angelica, Lauren and Samantha. They're rich, they're pretty, they're sluts and they're fashionable. By fashionable I mean they buy very expensive butt shorts and crop tops from Prada. Fashionably slutty. Every guy in the school wants them. Although Brittany is the top of the top, luckily she's away in Paris for this week. 1.3K

"Then I have to give Tyson my car." Jackson says, frowning. "How many cars does Tyson have?" I ask. "Six." He answers. Six? He has six fricking cars! I roll my eyes, of course he has six cars. "Whatever. Its definitely a pleasure not sleeping with him." I say, referring to Tyson.493

*-*-*62

I walk down the corridors towards the exit of the school. Most students have already left, school finished twenty minutes ago. Someone grabs me and pulls me into their chest. My face hits a hard, muscular chest. 192

I look up and see Dicklan. Great. "What do you want?" I snap. My day has been officially ruined, having to talk to him. "You." He whispers in my ear. I fake a laugh, "Oh, well you should have thought about that before you cheated on me." I state, rolling my eyes. 702

"Come on, its not like anyone else wants you." He states. Ouch, that hurt. I look around the corridor, there are a few students walking past. At the end of the corridor I see Tyson leaning against his locker looking bored as Angelica, one of the girls in the top 5, flirts with him. 878

Without thinking I say, "Actually, I have a boyfriend." I state. "Oh really, who? Probably some ugly loser." he says with a smirk. "Ha no, he isn't a loser he isn't you." I retort. "Then who?" He asks. I walk down the corridor, towards Tyson. 1.9K

I move Angelica out the way and Tyson raises his eyebrows, "Hey Melody, what are-" Before he can finish his sentence I press my lips against his without thinking. 4.7K

*-*-*       14

*does evil laugh* see you soon minions xxx160

Lots of love and jelly tots- TPG14

Melody's POV519

What am I doing? Oh my god. I'm kissing Tyson McCannon! I don't know if I should be happy or terrified.358

Tyson is shocked at first but he quickly recovers and pulls me closer into him. He keeps his arms wrapped around my waist and I wrap my arms loosely around his neck. He tastes like cinnamon. Delicious.731

I actually missed kissing Tyson. His lips are so addictive. I don't like it. Well I do, but I don't. I can't be addicted to his lips. Its wrong. It won't end well. He quickly bites my bottom lip and presses his lips back against mine before I can react to the bite. 325

I moan against his lips and he smiles then pulls away, "What was that?" Tyson asks. "What?" I ask, innocently. I look down the hall to see a really angry Dicklan storming towards us. "You never liked kissing me and now you suddenly just kiss me?" Tyson explains. "Um, well-" I get cut off by Dicklan. "Tyson McCannon! You're dating my girlfriend?" Dicklan voice booms through the now empty halls. "Dicklan, I'm not you're girlfriend!" I say. "Shut up, you whore." Dicklan says. 2.9K

"Excuse me, what are you talking about?" Tyson asks in confusion. Oh my gosh, what if Tyson doesn't go alone with my lie? What if Dicklan finds out I was lying? He would never leave me alone until he got me. I look at Tyson and widen my eyes, trying to send him a silent message. He nods at me then looks back at Dicklan, "Yeah, she's my girlfriend." He says and drapes an arm around my shoulder. I look up at him and smile and he looks down at me and smiles back.679

So cliché.412

"Why would you want to date Tyson? I have a way bigger dick. My dick is so long it goes from a all the way to z." Dicklan says, rolling his eyes. Tyson laughs, "Look at a keyboard." He comments and them walks with me outside the school. "I'll get you back, Melody!" Dicklan shouts.6.2K

I laugh and hug Tyson once we're outside, "Thank you so much, Tyson." I say. "Oh, I wasn't doing it for you." He says. 284

"What do you mean?" I ask.76

"I want to play a game." Tyson says. "You have to date me for three months, if you fall in love with me, I get your virginity, if I fall in love with you then I will leave you alone and I'll lose the bet and lose one of my cars to Jackson." 3.6K

"And if I don't play the game?" I ask. "Then Dicklan will find out you lied and will come after you." He says, nonchalantly.316

"Okay."      125

"Okay?"72

"Okay." I say.378

"Maybe okay will be our always." Tyson whispers and winks.3.4K

I laugh, "Did you really just quote The Fault In Our Stars?" He nods and grins and I shake my head. "What? I love watching movies. I can quote from any movie." Tyson states and shrugs. "Can I test you?" I ask and he nods. 297

"The Notebook." 157

"So it's not gonna be easy. It's going to be really hard; we're gonna have to work at this everyday, but I want to do that because I want you. I want all of you, forever, everyday." 669

"Wreck-it Ralph." 91

"What's was that? I can't hear you. Your breath is so bad it made my ears numb.." He quotes and chuckles. 342

"Batman." 91

"Madness, as you know, is a lot like gravity, all it takes is a little push." 432

"You're awesome, you know that?" I state. Tyson pretends to flick his hair, "I know. Plus, I love the joker so I just had to quote him. Also, it makes you one step closer to falling in love with me." He says and winks. Yeah, villain's are so awesome, like Deadpool for example, he is fricking hilarious and he was a villain at first, or as he says, "I'm a bad guy that beats up other bad guys." but there is no way I will fall for Tyson, I just need him to get rid of Dicklan and then I'll never have to see him again.889

"Come on you're sleeping over at my house tonight." Tyson says. 2.8K

*-*-*9

Ready or not here I come. Blah blah blah...329

Lots of love and jelly tots- TPG27

Melody's POV      22

I lie on Tyson's bed and stare up at the ceiling. The sound of raindrops hitting against the roof fill my ears. 886

I love rain.2.8K

So many people don't like rain, but I love it. I mean, once I went to Sorbet to get my legs waxed and the lady doing it at the time was one of those ladies that just keeps talking, you know what I mean right? Well anyway, she told me she hated rain because she couldn't sleep but she loved falling asleep to thunder. That was strange. 918

There are so many reasons as to why I love rain; I love the sound, there are less bugs everywhere, you can cuddle with someone and watch movies, great weather for hot cocoa, lots of warm and soft blankets piled on top of you and OVERSIZED HOODIES! 1.7K

I just love oversized things. Especially wearing guys cloths because most of the time it smelt really nice too.1K

"Can I wear your cloths?" I ask Tyson who is currently lying beside me on his bed. Tyson told me I had to sleep over at his house because we needed to plan our story to make us dating seem more believable. It would be believable if I was dating anyone else but since it is Tyson McCannon; the guy who has never had a real relationship before, we are going to need a story because rumors are going to spread faster than the legs of sluts in my school. 2.2K

"Sure." Tyson says. I get up and open his closet. Ugh, so many awesome choices. Huh, I guess I'll go for the comfy choice since I'm not moving from his bed. I take out one of his black tracksuit bottoms and an oversized hoodie. 348

The sleeves are longer than my arms and everything is so big. Its soo comfy! I jump back into Tyson's bed after I finish changing in his bathroom. "Its official, I'm stealing all of your hoodies." I confess to Tyson. He chuckles, "You can use them whenever you want cupcake." He tells me. 1.4K

Yes! Now I'm keeping them forever. This hoodie smells so good, like axe and vanilla. I bury myself deeper into the cloths. This is heaven.953

I look outside the window and it looks like its already 6pm but its only 3pm. "Do you want to build a snow man?" I ask. 1.1K

"Its raining, not snowing, cupcake." Tyson says. I laugh, "I know, I'm quoting Frozen." I explain. "Frozen? Who is Frozen?" Tyson asks, scrunching his eyebrows. "What? You don't know Frozen!" I shout. He shakes his head, "No, who is Frozen?" Tyson asks. I laugh, "Its a movie! Come on have you never heard someone sing 'Let it go'?"1.7K

Tyson shakes his head. I stand up, "Come on, were going to the DVD store and I am going to make you watch Frozen." I say. Tyson stands up, "Okay, if we are watching a movie we have to stop at the super market and buy all the popcorn they have in stock first." I laugh, I'm starting to like him already. 645

As a friend, obviously.3.2K

*-*-*20

The next chapter will be long :P I promise xxx LET IT GOOO LET IT GOOOOO CAN'T HOLD IT BACK ANYMOREEEE!349

Lots of love and jelly tots- TPG12

Melody's POV 68

We walk into the warmth of the DVD store. I blow my hands to warm them up then hide my hands in the sleeves of Tyson's hoodie. The DVD store is quite big with a sofa in one corner and and a section for children with a table filled with Lego.     100

I hate Lego. Its like toys made by the devil, especially when you stand on those tiny blocks and you feel like you are going to die. 1.5K

There's a little boy in a blue onzie sitting at the table and making a tall tower. I walk to the cartoon and animated section and take out Frozen. "Let's have a cartoon movie night." I say, smiling at Tyson who is standing next to me. He groans, "Fine, but then next week Friday we're having a horror movie night." Tyson says with a grin. I sigh, "Okay." That seemed fair. 684

Thank goodness there is no school tomorrow. I'm so done with school. Grade eleven is just too much, honestly. School just sucks in general, especially maths. Maths needs to leave, especially Quadratic equations and trig graphs. Ew.1.9K

"Have you seen Aladdin?" I ask.401

Tyson shakes his head and so I take it out from the shelf.505

"Tinkerbell?" I ask, he shakes his head again and so I take the movie off the shelf.581

"Ariel?" He shakes his head. I sigh and take the movie out, "You must have had a horrible childhood." I state and Tyson just shrugs and grins, "Riding those black plastic motorbikes was way better." He states and winks. "Wow, you were a little rebel since the start, huh?" I ask. Tyson brushes a hand through his hair and smirks, "Mhmm, I've been pulling chicks since birth." Tyson says and winks again. 1K

Cocky much? "Inside Out?" I ask, changing the subject. Tyson shakes his head and I take out the movie. "I thought you said you watched a lot of movies." I say.591

"I meant good movies, not movies about mermaids." Tyson says, chuckling. "These are good movies! These are the  movies I grew up with. They're amazing." 557

"Disney is the reason girls have such high expectations of guys being total romantics. I mean seriously,  these movies show that guys go from a beast to a prince just because the girl loves him. Its not realistic." Tyson says, shaking his head.3.8K

We pay for the movies and get into Tyson's car. "Come on, it shows what true love is. Sacrifice. I mean, Cinderella walked on broken glass, Jasmine married a common theif, Ariel walked on land for love, Mulan disguised herself as a man. That's true love." I say, defending Disney. 2.6K

Tyson chuckles and gets out the car. We're at the supermarket for food. I love food. "You must be really passionate about Disney. Its cute, cupcake." Tyson says. I blush, "Whatever. Don't call me cupcake." I say. "Why, does it bother you?" Tyson asks, smirking. Ugh, I still hate you! Even though I need you. Stupid child. "Yes!" I say. "Duly noted, cupcake." Tyson winks. 553

I groan and walk off to the isle with the popcorn. Yummy. I take out the butter salt flavor, this is definitely the best flavor ever although normal butter is okay as well. I drop it into the basket that Tyson is holding. "You like butter salt too?" Tyson asks, surprised. I nod, "Obviously, its amazing." I say. "Not as amazing as you." Tyson says with a wink. 1.1K

I roll my eyes, wow he must be really desperate, trying to flirt with me to get into my pants. Idiot. 331

We pay for the food, and by we I mean Tyson, and then take the five full packets of food back to the car. 242

*-*-*51

I slip Aladdin into Tyson's DVD player and get on the couch next to him after pressing play. I'm still in Tyson's cloths, the smell is heavenly, I could just live in his clothes forever. 398

Tyson puts a blanket over our laps and passes me the popcorn. I turn up the volume to make it louder than the sound of the rain outside. I smile at Tyson and he smiles back at me then wraps his arm around my waist, I move closer to him and put my head against his shoulder. 1.1K

Everything about him is just so comfortable and soft and safe. "Thanks." I say. "For what?" Tyson asks. "For being my movie buddy." I say and Tyson chuckles. "No problem cupcake, just means I'm one step closer to making you fall in love with me and one step closer to me getting in your pants." Tyson says and shrugs. 1.8K

I scoff, "Yeah, not going to happens. You know that you'll fall faster than me." I state. 397

I turn back to the movie, its currently Aladdin's wedding to Jasmine. An earthquake starts and the Genie frowns, "I though the earth wasn't supposed to move until the honeymoon..." Jeanie says. 2.8K

Tyson and I chuckle, "These movies are dirtier than I expected for a children's movie." Tyson comments and I nod.542

Disney if fricking hilarious. 269

*-*-*20

Who else loves Disney movies? And do you guys agree with Tyson on how Disney creates higher expectations for girls or do you agree with Melody's point that love is sacrifice? 1.2K

Lots of love and jelly tots- TPG11

Melody's POV      60

I wake up, lying on someone's chest. Its a guy, no girl has a chest this hard. I run my hand up the persons chest to their face, trying to figure out who it is. I'm straddling them on a sofa with my head on their chest with one foot of theirs on the ground. 392

I can hear their heart beat pounding in my ear. I run my hands through their hair, without looking at them. Who the hell am I lying on? 292

"Having fun, cupcake?" A deep voice says. 198

My body shoots up so fast I end up falling on the floor, "What the fuck! Why was I straddling you? We didn't do anything, right? How did I even end up here?" I look around. I'm in his house. What am I doing in his house? 766

He sits up and smirks at me, "You don't remember?" he asks, his voice deep and scratchy. I think hard and then it hits me, I remember kissing Tyson in front of Dicklan, I remember coming home with him and watching Aladdin and Frozen and all the other movies and then we started talking and decided that we are going to fake date for three months and our story is that we met at the mall and just started dating, pretty basic. I remember Tyson making me laugh and then all over sudden we were making out.1.1K

I chuckle, Tyson's actually pretty hilarious and nice when he's not being an arrogant ass. "Without my voice how can I-" I say in a high pitched voice, imitating Ariel. I get cut off by Tyson shouting, "Boobs!" in a deep voice, failing horribly at imitating Ursula. 600

I chuckle and shake my head, looking down at my hands. There is a moment of silence and I look up at Tyson. He's staring intensely at me. He leans foward and before I can do anything, he smashes his lips against mine. 311

I sit on top of him, straddling him,  as he leans back into the couch. He flips us over so that he is on top of me, his body placed in between my legs. Our lips never leaving each others. He pulls his lIps away from mine and kisses me below my ear, trailing kissing down my neck. He bites me in the spot between my neck and my shoulder and I man, wrapping my legs around him and putting my hands in his hair. 968

I shake my head frowning, "Did that actually happen? I was hoping it didn't." I say. Tyson chuckles, "That's not what it seemed like when you were moaning against my lips." he states and my face heats up. I block my face with my hands, still sitting on the floor. This is so embarrassing. "Don't worry cupcake, I liked it too." he says, winking.  391

"I'm going into the shower, you can use the shower in the guest room and then we can go get lunch because its already half past one in the afternoon." Tyson says, walking up the stairs. 315

I sigh and follow him other stairs. I can't believe I made out with Tyson McCannon. He hands me a towel and takes me to the guest room and then leaves me alone to get ready. 256

I sigh stepping into the shower, letting the hot water was over me. I love hot showers so much. Sometimes I put it really hot but then I feel like a chicken that's being boiled and ready to eat which isn't an awesome feeling so I don't put it too high.696

What if I fall for Tyson? Even if I do I can never admit it to him. All I have to do is put up with him for three months, even if I fall for him and then I can get rid of him and never have to talk to him again. Maybe it won't end up too bad after all. 243

I put my index finger against my bottom lip, rubbing it softly. It still feels like its tingling, maybe its just my imagination.174

I kissed Tyson McCannon.1K

*-*-*20

My first kiss went a little like this mwah and twist mwah mwah and twist ;) if you don't know that song then you have been living under a rock. Anyway, what did you think of this chapter? Xxx hope to see you soon. Remember to vote and comment ;) oh and if you don't understand what happened, the italic writing of the paragraphs above is of what happened in the past, just to clear that up :P bye minions :*1.3K

Lots of love and jelly tots- TPG11

Melody's POV35

Its Thursday today. Its been more than a month now since Tyson and I started 'dating'. I've survived. Barely, but I'm still here so I guess I'm okay.      594

I havent fallen in love with Tyson so I guess that's a good thing. We havent kissed since the Disney movie night. We didn't really need to. 92

Its kind of disappointing because he is a really good kisser but he's not my real boyfriend so I guess I can't really do anything about it. 128

Only two months left. Then I can graduate in peace, move to London to study and never think about any of the delinquents that go to my school ever again. 827

It's a foolproof plan. 157

"Tomorrow is prom!" Jessica, my best friend, squeals as she rummages through my closet for a pair of shoes. She was trying to hit the mailman with her shoe to get his attention because apparently he is 'really cute'. The mailman kind of kept her shoes and now she's stealing mine. 727

Clever Jess, throwing her shoes at a cute guy. She's something else, honestly. 176

"What are you wearing tomorrow." Jessica asks. 53

Okay, so I know I'm supposed to dress up all fancy and stuff for prom but everyone is going to look all perfect tomorrow so why should I dress up too? I mean, yeah I'll get a few compliments but that's it. I'd rather dress super fancy on a normal day so people will actually notice me. 260

"Ummm, my black dress." I say. 92

"What," Jess shouts, throwing her hands in the air, "This is blasphemy!" she states.842

I chuckle. You can always count on my best friend to overreact. I lie back on my bed, sighing. I have to go with Tyson tomorrow since apparently he is my boyfriend. 22

"You're going with Tyson fricking McCannon! You have to wear something super hot." she states. 175

I shrug, "Why? He's already my boyfriend." I say. Yeah, I haven't told anybody that our relationship is fake. Not even my best friend. 268

"Get up, we're going shopping." she says and walks out the door. I groan and get up. Stupid prom. 496

*-*-*18

Jess finishes curling my hair and takes a step back. "Très belle." she says with a grin, "You look stunning." I smile and stand up, looking in the mirror. I bought a cream dress with sequins covering the chest area. 394


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                            2.6K

My phone beeps and I open it. Its a message from Tyson, 16

Tyson McCannon, 7:30: Hey Mel, is it okay if I go to prom with someone else? :) 3.9K

I sigh, of course, he ditches me half an hour before prom starts. 53

Me, 7:31: Yeah, sure.183

Whatever, its not like we're actually dating. 25

"Who was that?" Jessica asks. "Tyson, he's going with a friend." I explain. "What? He's ditching you? He's your boyfriend!" Jess groans, "Fine, I'm your date then." I not with a grin and we walk downstairs.279

My mom squeals when she sees us, "You guys look gorgeous!" she says, snapping at least a million pictures of us.147

I chuckle, "Bye mom, see you later." 19

"Enjoy sweetie!" she shouts as I walk out the door. I'll try. 35

*-*-*27

I walk into the gym where our prom is being held. The place looks so different with white covering the floors and a elegant winter wonderland theme that looks amazing. Credits to the decorating committee.167

I smile and take in the atmosphere. 2

"So, where's your boyfriend?" A voice asks, beside me. I turn to come face to face with Dicklan. Great. 348

"None of your business." I state and walk away before he can make any snide comments. 40

I sigh and sit down with a cup of punch. I don't care if this has alcohol in it because of some stupid senior boys. Actually it would be great considering my date ditched me, my ex boyfriends is onto me and I'm sitting alone at prom drinking punch on one of the most important days of my life. 219

This is why people shouldn't dress up for prom. Especially not for hot guys that are probably going to ditch you at the last minute anyway. 57

"Hey Cupcake." Someone says next to me. I look up at see Tyson. Damn, he looks fine. 319

"Hi." I say, taking a sip of my drink. Yup, I definitely hope there is alcohol in this. 77

"Who you here with?" he asks. Jeez, I'm not you Tyson! I can't just get whoever I want in less than a minute. 104

I sigh, if only I was one of those people that could just say what I was really feeling. "Jessica." I say. Tyson nods and then looks around the gym. 36

I wonder what he is thinking. 8

"Who you here with?" I ask. I probably don't even want to know but I guess I have nothing to loose, right? 38

"Tyson." A girl sings, wrapping his arm around her shoulder. 120

Brittany. 986

Of course. Brittany Doiley, the biggest, stupidest, bitchiest slut in our school. Also, the top of the top 5. 467

Great, she's back from Paris already. 85

If I didn't see her 'till the day I died it would still be too soon. 182

Brittany is the most popular girl in our high school and she has made it her personal mission to make my life a living hell. She did a pretty good job as well.59

"Oh, Melody! Look, your boyfriend went to prom with me." Brittany gloats. 897

I stand up, "Bye Tyson." I say and walk away. 160

I walk outside, into the rain. Why is it always raining? I think the clouds are crying. They doing what I want to do. 542

I sigh and sitting down on a bench. I haven't even been outside for a minute and I'm already soaked. At least no one else is stupid enough to come out here so I'll be alone. 149

Tears fall down my cheeks but they're hidden by the rain. It's not that I'm in love with Tyson or anything but it hurts that the guy who is supposed to be my boyfriend ditched me on prom night to go with Brittany. 754

The only girl that I hate more than peanut butter. 2.5K

It would've been fine if it was any other girl. He could've gone with Miley Cyrus and I would have been fine but Brittany? 374

That hurt. Even Tyson knows how much I hate Brittany but he went with her anyway. How could you Tyson? 208

"Melody?" Someone says beside me.975

*-*-*16

How dare you walk into my heart? Oh how rude of you, to ruin my miserable and tell me I'm beautiful. 212

I'm watching love Rosie. I love this movie! Ive watched it like seven times. It will never get old. Sam Claflin is bae. 387

Lots of love and jelly tots- TPG14

Melody's POV21

I don't have a heart.  403

Well I do, of course I have a heart. I'm not a vampire, although that would be pretty awesome. 785

I don't run unless there's a serial killer chasing me but this isn't Texas Chainsaw so that hasn't happened yet but I don't feel my heart much because I'm pretty sure after you run your heart rate picks up and I haven't run from anyone yet... I have run from my responsibilities though. 138

I'm not Albert Einstein so I can't really prove the theory but I'm pretty sure it makes your heart beat faster. Anyway that's not the point, the point is that I don't feel like I have a heart. Except when I see Stiles with his Jeep and my heart starts racing because damn, Stiles is life. 2.1K

Ugh, I'm going off track again, but can you blame me, it's Stiles Stillinski we're talking about? 870

So yes, technically I have a heart but the thing is, when something bad happens I tend to block everyone out and act like I don't care and it works every time but inside it hurts but at the same time it doesn't. 415

I'm probably talking gibberish. 231

It's like I block out my heart whenever any possible emotions start attacking me. Definitely not a good thing, but sometimes it is. 183

Take now for example; I've just been ditched by the guy who has been acting as my boyfriend for the last month on prom night so he could go with the sluttiest bitch in the school who has also been my bully since kindergarten and then I stupidly run out of the building and straight into the pouring rain which has ruined my make up and my dress that costed more than my school fees for the past four years. 260

How do people in books and movies do this shit? 571

It's harder than it looks.34

Now listen; I'm telling my story. This is how it happened. You guys can judge me and call me a slut or say I'm stupid for the decisions I made or shake you head at me and stop reading my story but this is what life is. 678

Its real.174

You make mistakes, you do things without thinking, sometimes it gets a little boring because half of the time you're sitting in your room watching Netflix or reading but that's life. Its not like what they make it out to be in the movies. Its not perfect and I definitely am not perfect.  230

So if you want the perfect guy with the perfect girl and the perfect love who live happily ever after then go watch Cinderella or something because this is real. 206

I look up, rain splashing against my face, to the person who called my name. 38

My eyes meet Tyson's green ones. I've always had a thing for guys with green eyes and dark hair. 1.3K

"What?" I snap. Yup, I'm upset and I shall take it out on Tyson because he is the main reason I even came to this stupid thing and then he left me.110

Who is going to believe I'm dating him if he can just ditch me for Brittany for a night and then be back with me the next day. 39

"Lo siento [I'm sorry]." he whispers.2.6K

He looks really cute with his hair falling on his face and his cloths sticking to his body because of the rain. He didn't dress up for prom, He's just wearing dark jeans and a black top with a leather jacket over it.397

I roll my eyes, "Yeah, whatever." 78

Tyson walks up to the bench and puts out a hand. I frown and look at his hand, "What are you doing?" I ask. 19

"Today's Friday, our movie night, I'm taking you to the movies." Tyson explains. 864

Tyson and I have been meeting up every Friday after school to watch movies and eat junk food in comfortable cloths. It's actually really fun hanging out with Tyson when he is not being a perverted ass. 168

I take Tyson's hand and he pulls me up causing me to slip on the wet grass, I almost faceplant but Tyson wraps his arms around my waist and holds me up. 579

I breathe out a sigh of relief and look up to thank him but he is staring down at my lips.91

"Tyson!" A high pitched voice screams from the building. We both turn to look at Brittany who is standing under the shade of the veranda outside our gym, probably too scared to come out here because her Christian Louboutin shoes will get wet. 559

"You know what I've always wanted to do?" Tyson whispers, turning back to face me. "What?" I ask. 90

"Kiss a pretty girl in the rain." Tyson whispers and leans his forehead against mine, smiling. 2.5K

I hear Brittany screaming at Tyson but I block it out. 240

Before I can reply to his statement, Tyson moves foward and crashes his lips against mine.1.7K

*-*-*22

Please remember to vote and comment what you think, it means a lot <3 thanks for reading my minions xxx I live you all *blows lots of kisses* 80

Lots of love and jelly tots- TPG29

Melody's POV55

I hold my breath and shut my eyes as Tyson's lips move in sync with mine. He groans and pulls me closer to him. I've kissed Tyson before but this time was different, before it would be kissing, just lips against lips and skin against skin but this time there was more.505

It was like my whole body was on fire and I didn't want Tyson to move away. I can tell Tyson likes it too because of the way he is moaning against my lips. 442

My heart starts to beat faster which is strange, why is this happening to me, it never happened when I kissed him before? 214

My breathing slows as Tyson bites my bottom lip, making my lips part. He kisses me forcefully and aggressively. 93

I let out a wimper as Tyson pushes my back against a wall and lifts me up causing my legs to wrap around his waist. 1.8K

He moves his lips away from mine and leans down to leave trails of kisses down my neck until he reaches just before my shoulder where lhe bites me causing me to moan and dig my fingers into his back. 258

He puts me down, rain still pouring down on our clothes. I automatically crave his lips against mine again. This is an unhealthy addiction.178

Tyson presses his forehead against mine and I shut my eyes. "Cupcake, I think I might be addicted to you..." he whispers.3.1K

I smile, I think I might be addicted to him too. 713

*-*-*28

Sorry for this extremely short chapter, I just wanted to stop it here because the next chapter will be in a different scene xxx Adios :*82

Lots of love and jelly tots- TPG14

Melody's POV 105

I lie on my bed and stare up at the roof. I have been watching Teen Wolf and Gossip Girl series for a few hours now with Tyson after we both ditched prom and came back to my place.452

I changed out of my wet dress and now I'm in a really soft pair of sweatpants and a tank top. 50

Tyson had to borrow my brothers clothes which I stole from his cupboard while he was in the kitchen pigging out. 404

I'm really close with my mom and brother and we normally eat dinner together every night, my mom tries to get us together as much as she can which I actually appreciate even though I groan and moan about it all the time. My brothers room is right next door to mine, he is the same age as me but he goes to a more expensive school further away from home. 872

I secretly love both of them and would die for them if I had to even though I would never admit it. I definitely wouldn't admit to my stupid brother - Jonathan - who farts on me but he is actually quite fun, especially when I play call of duty with him. I'm a legend at that game, and by legend I mean I can kill about two bots on the easiest level. 1.6K

After two hours of watching series I got tired of the constant complaining of Tyson about the fact that Chuck Bass "is not that great" and I almost castrated then defenestrated him, so I turned the laptop off and just lay on my bed. 810

We have been talking about random things for about an hour now. If my mom came on me and Tyson alone in my room she would slowly dismember me in the most gruesome way possible. 124

"What is one thing you have always wanted to do?" Tyson asks me. We have been talking about the most random things like what we are going to name our cats if we ever bought one. 240

I'm naming mine Mittens.502

"Carry glitter around in my pockets and when ever someone said something rude or dumb I would just throw glitter above their heads like a baptism for stupidity." I say, I have honestly wanted to do that since I was ten. 1.4K

Tyson laughs, "Only you." 252

"Can you cook." I ask. Tyson just laughs in reply, "Can you?" he asks back, I'll take that as a no.63

"Well, let's just say I tried making two minutes noodles once and the microwave set on fire." I say with a sigh. 1.2K

Tyson bursts into a fit of laughter, falling off the bed with a thump in the process. 205

Jonathan barges into my room, "Ody, have you seen my Beetles shirt, it's missing and-" he stops in the middle of his sentence when he sees Tyson on the floor. 365

"Oh, okay, well you better wash it." he says when he sees Tyson wearing his shirt, "Melody is busy on Mondays and Wednesdays, she works on the street, but you can book an appointment with me for her for Thursday next week. A pink, sparkly pole is an extra fifty bucks." he tells Tyson. 1.2K

Tyson laughs and Jonathan adds, "Her stripper name is Melody, by the way." 296

I roll my eyes at my idiot brother, "Is there any pizza left, Than?" 473

My brother and I call each other by the last part of our names because our nicknames are Mel and Jona and so we called each other the opposite. 510

We're not that weird, although we did make a pact that if we needed to kill someone the other sibling would help hide the body. Okay, we're pretty weird. 672

"No, I finished it, don't burn the house down trying to make something else. I think the safest thing for you to do is to have a peach or something." Jonathan says, I throw a pillow but he ducks out the room and shuts the door just before it hits him. 106

Damn it, I just remembered there is school on Monday. Nooooooooooo. 141

"So, you free next Thursday?" Tyson asks with a smirk, "I'll pay the extra fifty for the sparkly pole." he adds.487

Before he can react, a pillow slams straight into his face.337

*-*-*        8

Sorry if this update was horrible, I'll try make the next one a bit better ;) xxx tell me what you thought anyway, even if you hated it.91

Lots of love and jelly tots- TPG8

Melody's POV175

Monday came around too fast for my liking. I really just wanted to sleep for a few years straight and wake up one day in my mansion being a famous billionaire. 645

Why can't that be a thing? 177

I sigh and hop out my moms car after giving my brother a huge sloppy kiss on his cheek, "Fuckface!" Jonathan shouts, rubbing his cheek and my mom scolds him for his language. 604

"Have fun at school!" my mom shouts, I groan. I swear its like she has never been to school, she doesn't know its not possible to "have fun at school". 411

*-*-*52

I sigh and walk into cafeteria. School has been the same boring routine as every other day for the last few years. It lunch time and I made it through economics and maths but now I'm exhausted and I just want food. 80

I get my food and pay for it then walk to the table where Jessica is sitting at, "What are you doing, cupcake? Come sit here." Tyson shouts from his table that is right beside ours.270

I frown, what is he doing? I have been pretending to date him for a while but we have hardly even looked at each other during school. I'm pretty sure everyone knows we are dating but nobody believes it. 17

Tyson doesn't date. 215

It just doesn't happen, well he goes on dates, but he never stays with a girl for longer than a week and according to what people have heard, we have been together for more than a month.78

Huh, I guess we must be really good actors. Even if we don't talk to each other at school. 77

He is really different when he was not at school, he is himself, but at school he is a stuck up, egocentric jerk. 70

This is strange, I have been sitting at my table forever, even when I was 'dating' Tyson and he never invited me to the populars table. He hasn't made out with anyone or had sex with anyone for a month to make the 'dating' thing more realistic. 257

"What?" I ask with a frown. Everyone is watching us, trying to find out if Tyson and I were really a thing.   31

"Come sit with me, I want you here, by me." Tyson says and makes a motion of moving his hand towards himself and then pats his lap which is apparently now my new designated spot. A few of the girls give me death glares and others swoon as if they wish they were me. 245

I roll my eyes, I'm supposed to be his girlfriend, not his bitch. "I'm sitting with Jess." I state and slide down into my chair, there are a few gasps from the crowd, obviously not believing that I basically said no to Tyson. 435

"Come on, just sit here." Tyson says. I roll my eyes again, "Yeah right, the day I ditch my best friend is the day she stops being a hoe. Never." I say and chuckle and look at Jessica. She throws a chip and me and I catch it then put it in my mouth.677

"Aww, you rejected Tyson McCannon for me in front of the whole school." she says touching her heart, sarcastically, but I can see she was glad I did. 121

I wave my hand dismissively, "Yeah right Jess, I've known you forever. Chicks before dicks, right?" I say, making Jessica laugh. 1.5K

Three chairs at our table screech as they are pulled out. I look up to see Jackson, Tyson and Tyler sitting themselves at our table. Now even the lunch lady's are watching us with their mouths open. 1K

Tyson and his two best friends never leave tables for anyone. Not even if they were threatened to be expelled and yet here they were, moving for no real reason at all. Everyone is basically gawking at us.113

"What are you doing?" I hiss at Tyson. He smirks, "I'm sitting with my girlfriend." he explains. 135

"Why?" I ask, utterly and completely confused.41

"Because," he wraps his arm around my waist and drags my body towards him then keeps his arm around me, "I am going to make you fall in love with me, even if it is the last thing I do, sweetheart." Tyson says with a wicked grin. 424

Every girl in the room swooned except me, even Jess. Yeah, I know the true meaning behind his little saying. He wants to get me in bed, not swoon-worthy at all. 90

"You guys are so cute together." Jess admits. Jackson smiles at her and nods in agreement and she goes a deep red colour. I chuckle at my silly best friend, falling in love with a playboy. 301

Poor girl.625

"So, let's do the couples test. Question one, when is Tyson's birthday?" Jessica asks me. 356

I freeze, my eyes wide. Shit, I don't know anything about Tyson. "Uh, it's the..." I look at Tyson with wide eyes, I don't know anything about him except that he wants to name his cat pussy so he can say he sees pussy every day. 2.2K

I know nothing real about him except his age, although I'm not even sure about that. 16

"I still don't believe you guys are together. I haven't seen you kiss since last month." Tyler states. 102

"Yeah, I haven't seen you guys kiss either." Jess says in realization. 91

Shit. 9

"Kiss! Kiss! Kiss!" Jackson, Tyler and Jess start chanting. I glare at my best friend. Traitor. 475

Tyson looks at me and shrugs then leans towards me. I start panicking, I don't want him to kiss me in front of everyone. I lock eyes with Dicklan who is staring daggers at Tyson and I. 152

Tyson is about to kiss me when suddenly he pushes his tongue out and licks me all the way up my cheek. I scream as Tyson pulls back and laughs at my reaction.971

Before he can run or jump out the way, I lunge at him, tackling him to the glossy white floor. He laughs harder as I bang my fists against his chest, "Cupcake, you can lick me back if you want, as long as I choose where." he says with a wink. 1K

I scrunch my nose in disgust at his remark, I lean down towards his ear and whisper, "I hate you." 106

Well, I don't hate him as much as I used to, that kiss in the rain changed something, I don't know what but it was definitely something. But that doesn't mean I don't hate him anymore. I like him when we hangout out of school but at school he is an ass. 317

I hate that ass, no matter how fine it is. 842

*-*-*17

Bu Dum Tssss. I hope you enjoyed that rendition ;) Please comment and let me know what you think and don't forget to vote xxx thanks for reading minions <349

Lots of love and jelly tots- TPG16

Melody's POV101

"Hey, Tyson?" I say as I walk out the school doors. 10

"Yep?" Tyson answers, popping the 'p'. 673

Tyson unlocks his car and then looks at me with a smile. "Will you go on a date with me?" I ask, frowning. 373

Tyson laughs, "Aww, is my girlfriend asking me on a date? How sweet. Where's the flowers and the chocolates and the sweet gestures." he asks. 182

My heart skips a beat when he calls me his girlfriend. What was that? 177

I roll my eyes and Tyson adds, "Well, if you're breaking the stereotypes, you might as well go all out here cupcake." 47

I groan, "Tyson, come on, I just realized that I know nothing about you. If you're going to be my boyfriend I need to know you." I explain.55

Tyson wraps his arms around my waist and pulls me into his chest, "Yeah, okay. I'll go out with you." he winks, "As long as you admit you totally in love with me and you dream about me every night and you can't get me off of your mind because I'm so gorgeous and nice and sexy." 395

I roll my eyes, "Whatever Tyson." I say.46

He laughs, "I'll pick you up at eight." 34

I'm about to reply when Tyson cuts me off, "Ummm, your ex-boyfriend is watching us." he states, his arms still wrapped around my waist.84

I wrap my arms around Tyson's neck, "What do we do?" I ask, suddenly panicking. 31

Dicklan is the main reason I am even doing this. He needs to believe we are dating. Otherwise its all for nothing. 68

"Kiss me." he whispers, looking like he is also panicking. 178

I laugh, "I'm not kissing you again." I state.18

"Why not?" Tyson asks, scrunching his nose. I laugh and tap my finger on his nose, he looks so sweet when he does that. 135

"Because, when I was little my dad told me that kisses are special and that we shouldn't give them to everyone. Only people that deserve them." I smile, remembering my dads words. 355

"Is that why you were upset that I stole your first kiss." he whispers.87

I look down at the gravel floor of the schools parking and nod lightly. "Do you think I deserve your kisses?" he asks, smiling. 419

Instead of answering him, I press my lips softly against his and he pulls me further into him. 402

He did deserve it. He is the only guy I have ever kissed and every time I kissed him he made me feel like I was on drugs. 1K

He makes me feel happier somehow. Spending time with him was fun and entertaining and wearing his clothes makes me feel so comfortable and I could just live in them forever. 193

He pulls back and lightly traces his fingers across my lips, looking at me with a smile. 24

I smile back, "It worked, he is mad." Tyson whispers in my ear.69

I laugh but I don't turn around to check how mad Dicklan looks. It seems as if I hardly even care about that anymore. 142

Tyson starts talking about how I have to choose where we are going because I asked him out but I wasn't really listening to what he was saying. I was just staring at him, a small smile tugging at my lips. 39

I don't like anyone. 62

I don't like Tyson. 409

I'm not addicted to his lips and I don't want to kiss him again. 202

... Right?2.2K

*-*-*28

Lots of love and jelly tots- TPG40

Melody's POV501

I walk into the little cafe, the smell of chocolate croissants and hot coffee fill my nose. I take an extra long deep breath and smile at Tyson who walked in beside me. 151

He smiles back down at me and leads me to a booth in the corner that has black leather seats and a brown table. 14

I am currently on a date with Tyson because I apparently have nothing better to do than fake date a really hot guy to make my ex jealous. I don't even know what Tyson and I are anymore, we're not really eating but we're not strangers. Are we friends? Yeah, I guess so. 839

"So what do you want to know about me, cupcake?" Tyson says with a grin. I frown and purse my lips, "Well, I already know the random things about you like that you have broken a lightbulb with your teeth once but I guess if we're fake dating I should know the important stuff like your birthday and stuff, right?" I ask. 207

Tyson nods, "Right," he agrees, "Well, my birthday is on April the sixteenth. When is yours?" 5.8K

"Eleventh of July." 3.6K

A waitress comes up to our table, she twirls her finger around a few strands of her wavy hair that is cut into a bob and pops the peice of gum in her mouth, "Can I take your order?" she asks, chewing loudly. 399

"I'll have two cheese and tomato sandwiches with a side of fries and a chocolate milkshake." Tyson orders then looks at me with a smile, obviously waiting for me to order. 271

"I will have the halloumi and avo wrap with a aloe water please." I say with a smile. "Would you like chips, salad or veg as your side?" the waitress asks. "Um, salad please." I say and close the menu. 1K

"Your order will be ready in twelve minutes." she says and walks away, taking the black covered menus with her. 219

"Favorite food?" Tyson says, carrying on from where we left off in the conversation. 67

"Do Oreo's count?" I ask and chuckle. 754

The conversation goes on like that, us asking basic questions about each other. Tyson is actually not what I expected, he's actually the complete opposite. By complete opposite I mean I thought his favorite movie would be The Expendable or something but it's actually The Proposal. 918

"What about your parents, when I came to your house they weren't there." I ask Tyson. Tyson goes silent and looks down at the glossy wooden table that has a few grains of salt on it. 181

Did I say something wrong? Shit, I said something wrong. 34

I'm about to apologize when suddenly the theme song to Perry the Platypus from Phinas and Ferb starts Playing, "Doo be doo be doo bah. Doo be doo be doo bah, A-gent-P." I frown and Tyson's cheeks go pink as he pulls out his phone and presses the answer button. 2.7K

I chuckle slightly and shake my head, he just keeps getting stranger. 23

"Ola Bobo [Hi Bobo]." Tyson greets the person on the other side of the line. "Sí [Yes]." he says slowly, a frown growing on his face. "No lo se [I don't know]." he says, uncertainly. "¡Está bien! [Alight!]" he says with s sigh, running a hand over his face. "Sí." there is a pause and I can faintly here a voice on the other side, "Sí." he repeats. 660

"¿En las vacaciones? [In the holidays?]" he questions. I silently thank Jess's mom for teaching me a bit of Spanish. "Bueno [Good]." he nods, "Sí, lo hard [Yes, I'll do it]." He sighs deeply, "Adios, yo también te amo [Bye, I love you too]." he ends the call and leans his hard back against the leather seat. 518

"What was that about?" I ask. "My... Adoptive parents want to meet you." he explains and puts his head in his hands. "They found out I have a 'girlfriend' and they want to meet you this coming holiday." he says, shaking his head. 623

"You're adopted?" I ask, my eyebrows raised. He nods, "Yeah, my adoptive parents are quite old, they live in a town that's about an hour away." 269

"I'll go." I say, Tyson looks up at me with wide eyes, "Really?" he whispers loudly, sounding unbelieving. I nod with a smile, "Sure, why not? When is the holidays?" I ask. 91

"In two weeks." he says, "It will actually be our two month anniversary." he says and grins. 320

"Only have to survive with me for a month and two weeks and then you never have to talk to me again." he says with a smirk, "That is, if you don't fall in love with me." he says with a wink. I scoff and roll my eyes. 94

Not talking to Tyson ever again? I don't know if I want that anymore... 179

I'm so confused. 231

*-*-*16

Who has watched the movie home? Isn't it just so cute? That little purple thing is fricking hilarious tbh :P hope you guys enjoyed this update ;) sorry if there are spelling errors, I didn't proofread it. 425

Lots of love and jelly tots- TPG    9

Melody's POV158

I sigh and blow out a huff of air, pulling the jacket closer to my body. I look up at the starry sky as I walk along the pavement. I love the cold but this is just freezing.66

My mom is craving pína coladas and so she asked me to go to bar to get her one. I'll make sure its a virgin one because she doesn't take alcohol very well. 491

I push the door open and breathe in the strong smell of tobacco. I cough and try to wave away the smell. 44

Walking up to the bar, I pull out the stool and sit down. "Can I have a virgin pína colada to go please?" I say to the guy on the other side of the bar that has tattoos on every place on his skin as well piercings and dark hair. 124

He nods and starts making the drink, I put the money on the table and he takes it, slipping it into his pocket.       15

I get up to go to the bathroom, "Where's the bathroom?" I ask. The guy points to the end of the long bar that has a little door with a ladies bathroom sign on it. 171

I walk along the bar when I pass the only other guy in the bar except the barista, he is wearing a black wife beater and has dark hair. He's actually quite good looking and has awesome biceps. I can't see his face because he is staring down at his hands that are wrapped around a bottle of vodka. 385

I push the door open and scrunch my nose in disgust. Whoever said that girls bathrooms are cleaner than guys must also believe that dinosaurs still exist because they are very wrong. 310

Once I'm finished I walk out and my eyes widened in shock as I realize I know the person sitting at the bar all alone. 18

"Tyson?" I frown, "What are you doing here?" I ask. 83

Tyson looks up and realizes it's me, he quickly wipes away a few tears that stain his cheeks, "Melody." he says, acknowledging me. 748

I sit down on the stool next to Tyson's. "Are you... Okay?" I ask slowly, looking down at the now empty bottle of vodka. "I'm splendid, how are you love?" he says sardonically. 583

I roll my eyes and take one of Tyson's hands, intertwining it in mine, "What's wrong?" I ask. 27

He sighs and looks down, "Nothing." he says bluntly.29

I purse my lips. People have always assumed Tyson was a "bad boy" because he is a player and popular and he has been very ignorant to others but I realize that he has never been rude or egocentric to me at all this year. He has always been really nice, maybe a bit cocky, but nice none the less. 106

Maybe, just maybe, I don't hate him as much as I thought I did... Maybe I don't hate him at all anymore...56

"Tyson, you c-" I start but Tyson cuts me off, "It's none of your fucking business, I hardly know you Melody! You wouldn't understand. You're just another fucking girl I'm talking to because I need to win a bet!" he shouts. 2.2K

I let go of Tyson's hand and face foward, staring down at the plain black slab of concrete that's covering the entire counter. 21

The barista places the pina colada down in front of me, "Enjoy." he grunts before walking off, to the other end of the bar. 45

I stand up, "I get that you're upset, I know how it feels, I was a mess when my dad died. I stayed locked in my room for weeks without talking to anyone, but one thing I didn't do is take it out on others. You shouldn't either." I state and walk out the bar and into the cold night. 1.2K

*-*-*       16

I'm sitting in a hotel and the song let her go is playing... How depressing. I guess that's why I made this chapter so grumpy. Ugh, I don't know just leave me alone xD Thanks for reading <3 hope you enjoyed xxx235

Lots of love and jelly tots- TPG19

Melody's POV 37

I walk in through the door, still feeling a little hurt from Tyson's words. Suck it up, you'll get over it. You're a bad bitch, you can do it! 1.7K

I sigh and slightly chuckle, self motivation is the key to success. 96

I hand my mom her pína coloada and starts walking up the stairs to my room, "Sweetie, I'm watching Pretty Little Liars, you can join if you want." she shouts to me as I reach the top of the stairs. 1.6K

"I'm good, thanks mom, I think I'm just going to go to bed." I say. 98

"Okay, sweet dreams cupcake." she says. 717

I start thinking about Tyson when my mom says the word cupcake. He is the only person that has ever called me that. 55

What happens now? Do I keep fake dating and act like tonight never happened? 18

I pick up my phone and dial Jess's number. As soon as she picks up I groan into the phone, she chuckles and then starts groaning with me until I finally stop, "Jess." I whine. 51

"Mel." she says in the same voice I did. "What's up?" she asks a few seconds later. 21

"Tyson." I say as if it explains everything and then I flop down onto my bed. "The sexy bastard you call you're boyfriend?" Jess asks. I nod and then remember she can't see me, "The one and only."61

"What about him?" she asks. I sigh, I guess I am going to have to tell her the truth sometime. 2

"He's not really my boyfriend." I confess. 24

"Ha, I called it! Jackson owes me fifty bucks!" she says victoriously. I groan, "Jess." I whine again. 379

"Okay, Okay. Tell me everything." she commands.         4

I tell Jess everything, from when he kissed me in the in the hallway at school to making out in front of Dicklan to the bar. 33

"Wait, he said that?" Jess asks, incredulously. "Yup, he said, and I quote, 'You're just another fucking girl I'm talking to because I need to win a bet!'" I say in a deep voice, trying to imitate Tyson. 133

"Well that's a very dickish thing to do. You should've cut his balls off and fed it to Barney." Jess exclaims, Barney is Jess's pit bull, to say he is not a very friendly dog is a huge understatement.1.8K

I chuckle, "What should I do? Should I ignore him? I don't know anymore." I ask.31

 "Well, you obviously like him, maybe wait till Monday and see what happens. It's the holidays in a week and then you won't have to see him for that month of holiday because you won't have to go to school so you won't have to see him except for when you see his adoptive parents then the bet will be over when school starts again." 102

"I don't like him!" I deny immediately. "Mhmm." Jess muses, probably smirking, "That's why you guys made out four times, because you 'don't like him'" 204

I groan. "Just talk to him." Jess advises. "About what?" I sigh. "I don't know, talk about cheese. Just talk to him!" she scolds. 1.2K

I start groaning for a while and Jess joins in with me, after a few minutes of groaning I smile, "See you on Monday." I state. "Bye." she chirps then we hang up. 50

My brother walks into my room and drops down into my bed, face down. He groans, "Hey Ody." he mumbles with his face against my pillow. 106

I put my legs across his body, using him as a foot rest. "What's up?" I ask. 65

Every week Jonathan comes to my room and we just lie and talk about random stuff like dumb girls and T.V shows. He is actually a really cool brother, I wouldn't replace him for the world even if he irritates the shit out of me sometimes. 249

"I asked this stupid bimbo out and I totally regret it because she's one of the sluts at my school and she kept trying to get into my pants." he complains. 406

"And that's bad because..." At Jonathan's school he is really popular and he has girls lining up for him, obviously he uses them and then gets rid of them. The amount of girls that leave this house crying is scary. 366

"She probably has an STD!" he whines, "and she won't leave me alone because of the rumors she heard about how good-" I block my ears, "La la la la." I sing, not wanting to hear the rest of his sentence. 507

"Okay! I'm sorry!" he shouts over my singing and I remove my fingers. "What do I do?" he whines sounding like I did on the phone with Jess a few minutes ago.      6

"Tell her you have an STD?" I suggest. "No way! Then no girl would come close to me, not gonna happen." he shakes his head. 81

"Umm, then just... Use a condom? I don't know. Or tell her you're not interested." I suggest. Jonathan nods, "Hmm, yeah, I think I'm just going to reject her." he says with a shrug. 137

He gets up from my bed, "Thanks Ody, see you next week." he says with a chuckle. "See you tomorrow... At dinner..." I say and roll my eyes.292

He shuts my door and I fall back on my bed with a sigh. 11

Should I call Tyson? 413

He was such an ass though. 42

But what if he needs someone to talk to? 78

UGHHHH.48

I pick up my phone and dial Tyson's number, it rings a couple of times before he answers, "Hello?" he says. 399

I sigh, what if he doesn't talk to me? What if he ends the call? I don't know what to say! What do I talk about? He obviously doesn't want to talk about his feelings. Should I ask anyway? I decide to say the first thing that comes to mind. I frown, but what if I shouldn't say it? Ughh, screw it.22

 "Do you like... Cheese?" 5.1K

*-*-*22

I LIKE CHEESE! I hope you enjoyed this chapter ;) see you soon xxx 322

Lots of love and jelly tots- TPG9

Melody's POV13

"Cheese?" Tyson questions.108

"Yes, cheese." I confirm. I can't believe I asked him about cheese! I was panicking, okay?47

"Melody..." he says slowly, "are you okay? Did you fall and hit your head or maybe you had a few pot brownies?" 607

I chuckle, "No, no brownies or falling on heads." I say.25

"Have you consumed alcohol recently?" he asks, sounding concerned.   56

I roll my eyes, "No Tyson, I am completely okay. But, are you okay?" I ask. I know I shouldn't push it but I need to know if he is okay, he is obviously upset and I know when I am upset I have to tell someone because if I keep it bottled up I will explode. 63

He stays silent on the other side of the phone for a while, "Tyson?" I say to make sure he is still there. 13

"I'm fine." he says monotonously. Everybody knows when you say you are fine you most definitely are not fine. 300

"Tyson, you can talk to me. Please talk to me, it will help you, I swear you will feel better. Just-" I begin but Tyson cuts me off.158

"Shut up Melody! Just shut up! No, I don't want to fucking talk about it and definitely not to you." he spits. "Me, what's wrong with talking about it with me?" I ask, hurt. 731

He feigns a laugh, "What's wrong? Oh I don't know, maybe the fact that I don't know you. You're just another one of the stupid girls I am trying to get into bed with me! You mean nothing to me Melody, you're just a nobody." 2.8K

My heart tightens in my chest. He thinks I'm just another girl he can use? I close my eyes tight, trying not to take what he said to heart. 256

"Thanks Tyson." I whisper, my voice shakey. 632

"Wait, Mel-" I end the call, I've heard enough. 1.2K

I lie on my bed and stare at the roof, my eyes starting to sting with tears. I pick up my phone and call Jessica but it goes straight to voicemail. 85

I sigh and purse my lips, hopefully she will call me back soon. 11

Why did what Tyson say hurt so much? Maybe Jessica is right, maybe I do like Tyson. Why would I like Tyson?91

A few minutes later my phone rings, without looking at the caller ID, I answer, "Hey Jess." I say.121

"Melody." Tyson whispers and I let out a little sob, hearing his voice. 689

I'm about to end the call when Tyson shouts, "Wait, Melody! Please just listen to-" I cut him off, "No Tyson, you listen," I spit, "I have tried to listen to you, I have tried talking to you, I have tried making you feel better, I have tried to help you but all you have done is put me down and tell me I am stupid and I am done. I don't want to listen to you anymore. Real relationship or not, we are over. I'd rather deal with Dicklan that have you tell me how meaningless I am to you. Please don't talk to me at school and delete my number off your phone." I say and end the call. 3.4K

I stare at nothing in particular, my numb heart pounding hard in my chest. I wipe the tears off my cheeks. What did I do wrong? 315

I let out a frustrated scream and throw my phone to the other side of my bed. I twist around and shove my face into a pillow, screaming again. How did things escalate so quickly? I was just asking about cheese. Freaking cheese! 945

Someone knocks on my door and opens it, making it creek, "Ody, you okay, I heard you screaming?" Jonathan asks. I sigh and shake my head into the pillow, letting out a sob. I know I wasn't in a real relationship but it still felt like a real break up. It definitely hurt like one. 106

Did I overreact? I mean, he told me off and hurt me in the bar but I let it go but then he started screaming at me at telling me he is using me like I am a toy. I was trying to help him and make him feel better but he is so fucking selfish and conceited that he had to put me down to make himself feel better.228

Jerk.315

I feel Jonathan lie down on the bed beside me. He wraps an arm around me and I turn to face him, resting my head comfortably on his arm. "You want to talk about it?" he whispers and I shake my head, my eyes closed. "Do you want me to sleep with you tonight?" he asks and I nod.3.6K

He pulls me closer to him in a hug, "Remember what dad always used to tell us," he says, "It gets better, all you have to do is just keep swimming, just keep swimming, just keep swimming, swimming, swimming." he sings in sync with me, the song from Nemo that our dad used to sing to us when we were sad. 2K

I laugh and shake my head, "He was such a mad hatter." I say and Jonathan nods, smiling at the memory. 420

I hope you're right dad.202

*-*-*16

Hope you enjoyed ;) thank you so much for reading all the way to here, it means so much to know people actually like reading this book *dances happily* you guys are all amazing <3 47

Lots of love and jelly tots- TPG12

Melody's POV51

I open my eyes to my alarm clock going off. I bang the off button and frown, turning to face the other way. Jonathan is lying on my bed, facing away from me. He is lightly snoring, not disturbed by the alarm. 118

I gently shake Jonathan awake, "It's Monday, school time Than." I say, Jonathan groans and presses his hand down on the top of my head, "Where's the snooze button?" he asks in a sleepy voice. 423

I chuckle, "I need to shower, if you don't get out I'll jump on you." I threaten. "You weigh as much as a toothpick Ody." he says. "Fine, I'll get the ice from the freezer and pour it down your shirt. 349

Jonathan shoots out of the bed and glares at me, "I love you but you're evil." he says with a sigh, leaving my room and shutting the door. 382

I grin and skip into the shower quickly, when I get out I still have fourty minutes and so I lie in my towel on my bed and check my phone. 98

Holy kebab sticks, 172 message? 1.2K

I open my phone to see that most of them are from Jess and the rest are from Tyson. I open Jess's first and scroll through them. All the messages are just apologies and threats and sighs and rambling, the usual. 118

Me, 6:45am: Hey Jess, sorry I didn't see the messages 'till now, talk to you at school xxx <3 50

I send the message to Jess and then open Tyson's messages with a sigh,    4

Tyson, 1:04am: Melody I'm so sorry. 240

Tyson, 2:016am: I can't stop thinking about you. 1.2K

Ha, yeah right, as if. I thought I meant nothing to him? 64

Tyson, 2:33am: I'm sorry.71

Tyson, 2:34am: Please forgive me?137

Tyson, 3:00am: I'll do anything.125

Tyson, 3:07am: I want you. No, I need you. 2.4K

My stomach explodes with butterflies but I shake the fuzzy feeling away, I just have to remember what he said and then all the feelings go away. You're just another one of the stupid girls I am trying to get into bed with me.108

Tyson, 3:07am: Cupcake? 400

Tyson, 3:19am: I couldn't delete your number even though you told me to. I'm sorry, please forgive me. I know I said you don't mean anything to me but it was a lie, you mean a lot to me. 410

Tyson, 3:30am: I can't fall asleep. All I can think about is that I hurt you. 254

Tyson, 3:31am: I'm so sorry. 54

Tyson, 3:49am: I just want to see your smile, you're beautiful smile and I want to kiss you again. I miss kissing you already. 1.3K

I bite my lip. How do I know if what he is saying is true? I have been acting or faking or lying, whatever you want to call it, with him for almost two months now, I know how good he is at lying. He was probably drunk when he sent these texts. 216

Tyson, 3:55am: Just thinking about kissing you is driving me insane. Please, let me kiss you again?975

I close my eyes and shake my head. Why is he making it so hard for me to stay mad at him? He doesn't deserve my forgiveness, not yet. But just these stupid little phone messages have me feeling like mush, I hope I can handle him at school today. 88

I scroll down to see the last message and my entire body freezes. 30

Tyson, 4:30am: I love you. 10.8K

I shut my phone off and stuff it into my bag, I don't want to see that message again. It is obviously a lie, this is a joke to him. My feelings are just one big joke. What's wrong with me? Why does he make me so happy? 189

I start humming a song as I get ready, to get Tyson off my mind. I jump down the stairs and grabs an apple, hopping into my moms car that is waiting for me. 88

I drive to school, still trying to distract myself from Tyson's words but nothing works18

I love you.270

*-*-*16

I slam my locker closed after getting my books to see Jess standing next to me with a stern look on her face, "Did you guys have a fight or something?" she asks. 28

"What? How did you know?" I ask, frowning. Jess looks over her shoulder at something, "Just a wild guess." she comments. I look over to see what she is looking at too see Tyson leaning against his locker. 43

He looks like shit. His hair is messy and there are dark rings under his eyes but somehow he still looks hot. Ugh, what am I thinking? 745

"Sorry for not picking up yesterday, my mom was having my ass cause I forgot to pick George up from school yesterday." she explains. George is Jessica's little brother and he is the cutest little red head I have ever seen.509

"It's fine. I'll talk to you about it later." I say. 7

"Yeah, let's go to Ben and Jerry's after school?" she says and wiggles her eyebrows. I clap my hands and grin, "Yes!" 289

The bell rings signaling the beginning of class. Damn, were doing calculus today. 163

*-*-*11

Yeah, I guess that's it for now ;) xxx see you soon <313

Lots of love and jelly tots- TPG4

Melody's POV48

"Please smile, I'll give you my pancakes?" I hear Tyler offering Tyson. Its lunch now and I have avoided Tyson at all costs. He tried talking to me in maths but I pretended not to hear him. 952

"I'm not hungry." he mumbles putting his face in his hands. I look over at their table and Tyler glances at me, giving me a small smile. 256

Jackson walks into the cafeteria, still turning heads and getting swoons from girls. He sits down at the table, "Why so glum chum?" he asks. 136

Tyson looks up at Jackson with no emotion and pulls a car key out of his pocket, "You won." he states, dropping the key on the metal table in front of Jackson. 3.1K

Tyson gets up and walks out the cafeteria looking like someone died. My heart starts to ache. I want to follow him, I don't want him looking so sad. 163

Why do I feel bad? I shouldn't feel bad. 104

I take in a deep breath and stand up, "I'm going to the bathroom." I tell Jess, she nods. I need to wash my face, I think I feel sick.217

*-*-*25

Tyson's POV552

I lean my forehead against my locker with my hands on either side of my head. A wave of emotions take over, sadness, confusion, hurt. I clench my jaw and shut my eyes tightly. What have I done? I lost Melody. 916

I move back and slam my fist forcefully into the locker, making a dent. It feels weird having her upset with me. She wasn't even mine and somehow I ended up loosing her. I shake my hand to get rid of the pain. 279

I had to phone my foster parents yesterday to tell them Melody won't be coming and that we were over. It was harder telling them that than I thought it would be, maybe I don't want it to be over...103

I feel so stupid. Why the hell did I tell her that she meant nothing to me? I'm such an idiot. 527

I don't blame Melody for being mad at me, I would be mad too. But I guess its not as bad since she doesn't like me. I wish she liked me. I push my body back against the lockers and slide down to the floor. 393

I wasn't thinking straight yesterday and it fucked everything up. I lost Melody and she is one of the only people I really care about other than my foster parents.146

Yesterday was the anniversary of my real parents death. I just wanted to get drunk and forget them but then Melody walked in and I just took out my pain and anger and all my horrible feeling on her. 1.1K

I said I love her. I didn't get any sleep last night. I just kept thinking about her and the way she tastes like sugar and the way she wore my cloths and fell asleep on me. I couldn't get her out of my mind no matter how hard I tried. 467

That's when I realized I love her. I know I am a player but when I was younger I had a crush on Melody. She was the only girl I ever had a crush on, we were in year seven and I got put with her for a biology project and she was so stubborn but for some reason I felt attracted in a way and I had a crush on her for two years but she never talked to me so I never talked to her and I guess the crush faded. 3.1K

But it was still there the whole time, hiding. When I kissed her in the hallway it suddenly all came back and I knew that I liked her but for the sake of the bet I knew I couldn't love her. But I do, I love Melody.350

I know I told her that she means nothing to me but it was a lie. She has meant something to me since the day I set poisonous frogs loose in the biology lab.658

I have to stay away from her now. I'm not good for her, she deserves so much more than me.284

I hear someone clear their throat and I left my head to see Brittany standing and smiling at me. 349

She sticks her hand out to help me up and I take it. "You don't look too happy. I can change that for you." she whispers and slides her hand down my chest. 414

Well, it would definitely be a good distraction... Its not like anyone else would know...951

Without getting an answer from me, she leans forward and kisses me. I kiss her back but there's no emotions. It feels cold and wrong, definitely not how a kiss should feel. Not how it feels with Melody.345

She pulls away from me with a grin and then I look around the hall to make sure nobody saw me but the last person I wanted to see that was standing there, staring at me with hurt showing clearly in her eyes. 1K

Melody.3.2K

*-*-*23

Bu dum TSSSS! What did you guys think? :D please remember to vote, it means SO FREAKING MUCH to me when you do, I see every one of your comments and votes and they make my day so please ;)138

Lots of love and jelly tots- TPG25

Melody's POV 30

My entire body feels hollow. The only feeling I have is in my heart, it feels like it's being dragged down by gigantic weights. My breathing slows and becomes harder and more ragged. 73

I stare, stunned as I watch Tyson kiss Brittany. Brittany grabs onto Tyson's shirt and pulls him closer to her and he wraps his arms around her, kissing her back. 98

He's kissing her back. 116

I take a step back, feeling like I just got punched in the gut. Now I definitely feel sick. 53

My heart starts pounding my my chest and I just shake my head, this can't be happening. It can't. This is just a dream. 42

Tyson looks up and his eyes widen when he sees me. I suck in a deep breath, a weird feeling taking over my body and making me shiver. 34

I turn around and walk away. What the fuck was I thinking? I was going to come out here and apologize because I felt bad for not forgiving him when he said sorry. 216

What if I didn't come out? Nobody would have known. Some things are better off not known. 89

I hear a deep voice shouting my name. Tyson. I keep walking. I stop and lean my hand against a random locker. I don't think I can go further. My entire body feels numb and my heart is aching. I suck in a deep breath but it feels like I can't breathe. 217

A tear rolls down my cheek and I quickly wipe it away. I slide down to the floor and shut my eyes tightly. I don't want to move, my legs feel to weak to even stay standing. 147

Why am I so upset? 64

"Melody." a voice whispers in front of me. "I'm sorry, you weren't supposed to see that." he says. "Whatever." I say. I just need to stay away from him and maybe then I won't like him anymore.552

Like him? 28

Do I really like Tyson? I would love to deny it but yes, sadly I like Tyson way more than I should. 45

"What are you even doing out here?" he asks. I clench my jaw and open my eyes, eyes that are full of anger. Tyson obviously sees it because he takes step back. 89

"I came out here to say I'm fucking sorry but I'm not! I was, but I'm not fucking sorry anymore! I hate you." I say and put my head in my arms. 112

I hate you because I love you. 2.3K

What? 77

"Why are you so fucking upset? You the one that said it was over! We are nothing, Melody. You can't be mad at me because you don't fucking own me!" Tyson screams at me. 2.4K

I close my eyes, trying to make sure he doesn't see the tears in my eyes. I slowly stand up after a while and open my eyes, glaring at him through teary eyes.He sees my eyes and his eyes widen,"Melody I'm sorry, I never meant to-" 956

"No Tyson, you're right. We are nothing," Tyson shakes his head looking remorseful, "and you, you're a nobody." I say emotionlessly as I walk away. 2.2K

*-*-*36

OH MY GOD! I am so sorry I have just been listening to troye sivan AND I DON'T KNOW WHY IT MADE MR SAD BUT I DID AND IM SORRY! I GIVE YOU PERMISSION TO SCREAM FOR THE SAD CHAPTERS BUT KEEP IT TO A MINIMUM ;) AS THE AUTHOR I SWEAR IT WILL GET HAPPIER, be patient my little minions xxx. I hope you enjoyed though <3632

Lots of love and jelly tots- TPG20

Melody's POV77

I get out the school doors and start walking home. I would call my mom and ask her to pick me up but there is no way she would do that if I am skipping school. I'm sure she will be fine if I walk home but she would tell me to stay at school if I asked her to pick me up. 24

There is no way I am going back into that hell hole. I pick up my phone and dial Jessica's number, "Hey Mel, everything okay?" she greets as she answers the phone. 10

"Hey Jess, I'm going home. Not feeling well." I say. "Okay, what actually happened though?" she asks and I sigh. "What?" I ask. "I'm pretty sure Tyson looks even worse than before if that is possible, what happened when you left the cafeteria?"145

"Well, I saw Tyson kissing Brittany. Long story short, we fought and then I left." I say, not wanting to remember the details. 10

"Aww honey, you want me to ditch school and bring you ice cream?" she asks. I smile, "No thanks Jess, stay in school. Collect any homework or assignments for me please, I don't think I am going to go to school tomorrow either." I say. 266

Jessica chuckles, "No problem but there probably won't be any homework since school is closing in five days." she says. 217

I unlock the door of my house and push it open, "Thanks, love you babe." I say. 192

She blows a kiss into the phone, "Love you too, see you on Wednesday?" she asks.73

"Yup." I say popping the 'p' and then we end the call.459

I'm not moping really, I'm just not going to school tomorrow because it's school and I don't want to. But its also a little because I don't want to see Tyson but I won't let one stupid guy bring me down. 88

One stupid guy that I accidentally fell in love with. 189

Little tip kids: never pretend to date a guy because those romance novels are right, you will probably fall for him and he will probably hurt you. But he might not come after you when he breaks your heart and you might not live happily ever after so don't risk it. 953

I hate love. It sucks mokeys balls. Don't do it. Trust me. 502

"Melody? Is that you, sweetheart?" my mom calls from the kitchen.  23

"Yes mom, its me." I shout. I walk into the kitchen to see my mom making cupcakes. Cupcake. I sigh and sit down. "Everything okay?" she asks, pouring sugar into the mix. 242

No. "Yeah, just not feeling well. I don't think I am going to go to school tomorrow." I say and stand up, walking out the door of the kitchen. "Okay, you should start packing tomorrow then." she says.107

I spin around, "For what?" I ask quickly. My mom turns around to face me, wiping her hands on her apron that says "Money can't buy happiness but it can buy food and its pretty much the same thing." 394

"We are leaving this weekend to go stay at a lake house with a sweet couple that I work with."2.8K

"Can you explain further?" I ask slowly. Going away to stay at some random couples lake house?376

"Okay, well there is a married couple that work in the same building I do and I have become good friends with them. They have invited us to come stay at their lake house for a week with them and I accepted. We are leaving on Friday and we will come back home the following Saturday. They have a son the same age as you and Jonathan so maybe you can make new friends. Oh, and no, this is not negotiable, we are going." she says and then turns back to her baking. 4.8K

I sigh and walk out the kitchen, going upstairs. "Oh and honey?" my mom shouts to me. "Yes mom?" I shout back. "Follow me back on Instagram or I am taking your phone away." my mom threatens and I chuckle, "Okay!" 5.1K

I shut my room door and pull out a small suitcase. I might as well pack now so I can sleep in tomorrow. I hope this week and next week just go by fast so I can come back home and do nothing the entire holiday except eat and watch series on Netflix until the WiFi gets finished.234

I stuff my underwear in one section and then put my toiletries in a pink toiletry bag, I take out skirts and shorts and bikinis as well. My mom said the couple has a son my age, what if he is cute? I need to make sure I look cute so he thinks I am cute and then maybe I can forget about Tyson as fast as possible. 4.7K

Once I am done packing I zip my bag and put it in the corner of the room. Packing wasn't too hard because I basically just pack my entire cupboard even though I am going away for one week. I just dont know of I might need something and so I have to pack everything.263

I really can't wait to do nothing for days in a row. 51

My life sucks. 475

*-*-*37

Haha, this is so me. I literally pack everything I own when I stay somewhere. Even if I am going away for just two days. 221

Thanks for reading and I hope you enjoyed xxx see you soon and please remember to vote <3 love you guys *blows kisses*7

Lots of love and jelly tots- TPG19

Melody's POV1.4K

I get out of the car and look at the house in front of me, its big but it gives off a kind of 'ancient castle' vibe. Is this an old couple? This is a lot of space for just three people. 174

"Ody, let's go." Jonathan says, walking towards the house with my mom. I jog to catch up with them. We walk up the stairs of the entrance and ring the bell. It feels so wrong to ring a bell in this place, there needs to be one of those huge metal circle knocking devices that hang on the door.131

The door swings open revealing an lady with short curly, graying hair and a soft blue kimono that is decorated with pink flowers stands in the doorway with a welcoming smile. "Hello! Welcome, welcome, come in." She moves to the side and let's us pass then she closes the door behind us. 21

"So glad you could come, Maria." she says to my mom and then looks at my brother and I, "and who are these lovely children?" she asks. 156

"I'm Melody and this is my brother Jonathan." I say with a smile. She brings us into a hug and then steps back. 2

"My name is Tia." She glances back, towards the staircase. "Bobo! Our guests are here!" she screams and then smiles. 394

An old white man with light hair walks into the room with a frown, "What did you say, I didn't hear you?" he asks and when he sees us, he smiles, "Ah, Maria! You came!" he says and pulls my mom into a hug. 15

She chuckles, "Bobo, nice to see you again, these are me children; Melody and Jonathan." my mom says, turning to look at us. He pulls is both into a hug. They seem so warm and welcoming. I like it here. 29

"My son is just gone to the store, he is around your guys age, he'll be back soon. Would you like anything to drink or eat?" Tia asks with a smile.98

I feel bad if I eat something at someone else's house unless they eating with me. "No thanks." I say. 55

"Come on, I made you cupcakes, my son hasn't stopped eating them after he and his girlfriend broke up."965

Bobo leaves to go watch horse racing on the T.V in the lounge. I follow Tia to the kitchen with Jonathan behind me. My mom has already gone upstairs to put her bags down.4

We walk into the kitchen that looks so nice and warm, this place would be so great in winter because it is so homey. 74

Tia bends over, leaning a hand on her back, and pulls a cupcake tray out of the oven. She picks up two cupcakes and hands it to us, my one is a vanilla cupcake with white icing and Jonathan's is vanilla as well except his is chocolate icing. 28

"So, what school do you go to?" Tia asks. I bite into the cupcake and let Jonathan answer first. Oh my god, this cupcake is delicious! Its sponge cake and it almost feels like its melting in my mouth. This would be a good definition as to what heaven tastes like. 9

"I go to Nullever high, in the north." Jonathan says and bites into his cupcake. I finish chewing, "I go to Killeville high." I state. 279

"Oh, my son goes to that school!" she explains and smiles. "Really, what's his name?" I ask with a frown. 744

"Mom, I'm back!" A deep voice shouts from somewhere in the house. "Ah, why dont you go see if you know him, he's probably going up to his room now. 552

I nod and throw the cupcake wrapper in the bin then start walking upstairs. Please be cute. Please be cute. Please be cute. I cross my fingers as I get up the stairs and look around. 995

There are five door's that are all identical, I go to the first room but its empty. I knock on the next door, "Come in!" Tia's son shouts and I push the door open. 8

This voice sounds oddly familiar...423

When I walk in, he is facing the other way and he is shirtless but he turns around as the door opens.31

Well, he is definitely cute. 240

"Melody?" he says with a frown, slipping his shirt on over his head. 110

"Tyson." I whisper, suddenly out of breath. 3.3K

*-*-*  7

Well, im sure you guys all saw that one coming ;) thanks for reading xxx see you soon <3254

Lots of love and jelly tots- TPG10

Melody's POV      1

"Melody? What are you doing here?" Tyson asks, his eyes wide.77

Oh my gosh, this is horrible. I was trying to stay away from Tyson for as long as I could and now I have to freaking live with him for an entire week. How could I have not seen this I mean I remember something about Tyson talking to Bobo but I thought maybe it was just a coincidence. 272

But seriously, what am I doing here? Can I just leave? I dont want to spend any time with Tyson. 8

"Melody...?" Tyson says slowly.      3

I start walking backwards and look up. Why do I feel like I forgot how to speak English? 17

Do you even English?652

"I... Uh... Je ne parle Anglais." I state. What? What the heck? Now I speak French? Okay. 2.5K

"What?" Tyson asks, frowning. I keep walking backwards, maybe if I subtly walk away he will stop talking to me. "Ich spreche kein Englisch." I say slowly. Oh, and I speak German too? Well isn't this just brilliant? And yet I can't speak one word of my home language? How embarrassing.2K

I walk back into another persons hard chest. I turn around to see Jonathan smiling at Tyson, "Oh hey man, you're the guy that was alone with my sister in her room!" Jonathan says to Tyson. I physically want to face palm but I restrain myself. 264

"Yeah..." Tyson says awkwardly. "Are you guys still together? I heard you guys we're dating. Are you guys in love and all that shit? Or were you, if you guys aren't together anymore?" Jonathan asks.324

Okay now I just want to face palm his face really hard... 108

"No we are not together anymore and-" I start but Tyson finished, "and I was in always love with her. I still am." he states and I look at him in shock. 1.1K

He's not drunk and he is saying he loves me. 60

Tyson is staring so intensely at me that I feel like I am going to melt. "Well, this is awkward..." Jonathan says, breaking the silence. 1.2K

I turn around and walk out the door, I walk into the empty room to the right of Tyson's room and shut the door, falling onto the bed with a sigh. 92

Did he really mean that he loves me? It's just hard to believe after he kissed another girl and told me I meant nothing to him. He said he was sorry but why should I believe him? 186

Love can't be something you throw around. Maybe he doesn't think that word means as much as it really does. But I just dont know if I should trust him anymore. I want to. 104

Ugh, I'm just tired. I want to hibernate. I bet even at the end of the holiday I am still going to be tired. Even if I sleep for three years I will still wake up tired. 355

Can I just hibernate and pretend everything is okay and I am not living with the guy that I may or may not be in love with. I don't even know what love is, how am I supposed to know if I am in love  or not. 71

When did my life get so complicated? Why can't I just not have any feelings so that way I can't fall in love and I can't get hurt. 134

"Kids! Come down for lunch!" I hear Tia shout. 14

I sigh and get up, walking out of my room. I see Jonathan running down the stairs and I chuckle. Never come in between Jonathan and food. 305

Someone pushes me against the wall and I turn to glare at the person. "We meet again, cupcake." he whispers, pinning me against the wall. 959

"What are you doing?" I whisper.64

Tyson's POV70

I stare down at Melody. I don't know what she is doing but I don't like it. It's like I'm only happy when I am with her and its fucking stupid because I am used to just not being happy at all.105

Shit just got real. 748

No, I'm not trying to be all depressing and shit. It is just a fact. My parents are dead, I don't really have any reason to be happy unless I am with Melody and that is petty as fuck to be honest because how horrible does your life have to be for that to happen?190

The more I try not to kiss her, the more I want to. That's what I am going to do to her. I'm going to drive her so crazy that she can't do anything but let me kiss her. When she let's me kiss her, I won't kiss her. Simple. It definitely won't be easy. I know exactly what she likes, I know what can drive her insane. 490

That's what love is, right? 556

Insanity.507

"Please give me a chance to explain why I did what I did, Melody?" I say softly.70

She looks down and nods and I let out a breath I didn't even know I was holding. "The day I was drinking, it was because it was the day my parents died. I didn't think I would see you. I'm sorry, I know I am wrong. When I kissed Brittany it was because I felt so hollow from my mistakes that I needed a distraction. It was stupid that I kissed her but I wasn't thinking straight. I'm so sorry. Please give me a second chance?" 389

I am absolutely horrible with apologies. Exhibit A is located above.277

Melody sighs, "Give me a good reason why I should?" She asks. 157

"I can't." I state, looking down at her lips. She pushes me away from her and walks down the stairs. 118

Time for plan B. 47

Become the player she hated. 5.5K

*-*-*    5

AHHH I LITERALLY SUCK AT APOLOGIES TOO! Like if I hurt someone's feelings I'm just like 'oh shit, hahahahahah sorry?' 574

Ps. For re-readers some of you might notice I changed the name from Ting Tong to Tia. I took the name Ting Tong from a strange British tv show I watched when I was younger and didn't realise that it was offensive so I changed it now. I haven't read through some of my books in years so if anything offends you in my books please dm me and I'll change it <3 54

Please tell me what you think of this update? :D 19

Lots of love and jelly tots- TPG12

Melody's POV17

I stand in front of the mirror of the bathroom, brushing my hair. I think I should cut my hair, Its starting to feel heavy and its such a hassle to brush. 267

Someone's hands grab onto my waist, pulling me back into their chest. I gasp as they place their lips on my neck, sending sparks shooting through my body.541

I look at who it is in the reflection of the mirror and I try to pull away, "Tyson, what are you doing?" I whisper. 230

I suck in a breath and he lightly grazes his teeth over my skin. I push away from his body as fast and hard as I can and I turn to face him, my body shivers and my heart starts racing. We stand in silence, just staring intensely at each other.82

"What the hell do you think you're doing?" I ask. He smirks at me and doesn't answer. 35

"Tyson! What did she say?" Ting Tong shouts from downstairs. "Oh, right. Do you want to come swimming in the lake, we're going there now and meeting a few people. You coming? Your brother is." Tyson asks me. 409

"Uh, okay I'll come but I might not swim." I say. "She's coming!" Tyson shouts. "Okay!" Ting Tong shouts back and I shake my head. This is exactly what my brother and I do; we scream across the house because we are too lazy to move to where the other person is.675

Tyson leaves the bathroom and I walk into the guest room I'm sleeping in for the next week. I pull a jade coloured bikini I brought out of my bag along with shorts and a plain white crop top. 140


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                            1.2K

I slip all of my clothes on and tie my hair into a loose plait. I wonder who the people we are meeting at the lake are. 355

I walk out of the room, putting my phone and my earphones into the pockets of my shorts.24

It's already dark outside. I've been here for one day and I already want to go home. Maybe I should just forgive Tyson. I don't know if he likes me still but I do know that he is sorry. 197

Yeah, I said I don't know if he likes me. Don't go all 'ya hoe of course he likes you, he was trying to kiss you just now' because he is a player, he was a player, he might always be a player and he likes to kiss girls. It doesn't matter if its me or not. 410

Don't argue with me.513

Just stop. 469

No.787

"Tyson, who are the people we are meeting at the-" I walk into Tyson's room, forgetting to knock. Oops.105

Tyson turns to me, shirtless, and smiles, shaking his head, "I know you want to see me shirtless, cupcake but couldn't you wait until we went swimming?" he asks and slowly lowers his eyes to my body, checking me out. 173

My whole body starts to feel really hot and flustered as his gaze stays on my body. 80

"Stop staring at me." I say.   16

Surprisingly, Tyson looks away, shutting his eyes tightly. "I'm sorry, I just..." Tyson goes silent and shakes his head. "Just...?" I repeat slowly. 125

Tyson turns around and falls face first onto his bed. He starts groaning and mumbling something incoherent. 1K

Whatever, I'm just going to he downstairs. I turn around and walk down the stairs where Ting Tong, Bobo, my mom and my brother are waiting. They smile and go back to talking as we wait for Tyson. 372

*-*-*14

Tyson's POV11

I groan into my bed. This is so annoying! I can't even pretend I'm not in love with Melody. Why am I in love with her? I just can't get her out of my head. 277

I couldn't stop staring at her body. It's like I was completely attracted to her. My hands wanted to touch her, my lips wanted to kiss her, my heart wanted to love her. I'm completely attracted to her and it feels like I am going insane. 460

I have a plan. Since Melody won't forgive me I am going to have to make her realize that she likes me. I know she likes me even if she tries to deny it. 360

There is no way I am just going to stop liking Melody so instead I am just going to make her jealous. 2.5K

We are going to meet my foster parents friend and he has a daughter and a son our age, all I have to do is get this friends daughter to flirt with me and hopefully that will work. 1.7K

If it doesn't I guess I will somehow have to move on or at least distract myself until I forget about her.216

I stand up and slip a shirt over my body, using my swimming trunks as pants. I walk down the stairs and see everyone waiting. They all stand up when they see me and we walk out the door.18

This better work. 525

*-*-*       10

Do you guys listen to fall out boy? Which song is your favorite if you do ;) xxx 1.4K

Lots of love and jelly tots- TPG12

Melody's POV 433

I climb out of the water and wrap a towel around my waist. We have been swimming for around two hours now. Well, Tyson has been constantly flirting with another girl that showed up and if he is trying to make me jealous, it's working. 494

My brother and another boy named Alec are here too. He is really cute and he has been swimming with me since Tyson hasn't taken his eyes off Alec's sister, Caitlyn. 1.5K

Apparently Alec and Caitlyn live next door and Tyson has known them for a while. My mom, Tyson's parents and Alec and Caitlin's parents have left us alone here while they go out for tea. 116

Caitlyn and Tyson are sitting on one of the beach chairs together and Caitlyn keeps giggling and touching Tyson. Hoe. 1.3K

Alec nudges me and I turn to face him with a frown, "You like Tyson? You want to make him jealous?" 962

I frown, "What? If you're thinking of kissing me then no." I say shaking my head. I would never do that to Tyson.208

Alec looks towards Tyson, "You sure...?" he says and nods his head towards Tyson's direction. 47

I turn towards Tyson and my heart drops. "Oh my god." I whisper. I turn away and Alec puts his hand on my shoulder, "Hey, it's okay." he whispers. 213

Stupidly, I look back at them. I don't move, my eyes stay focused on Tyson as he places his hand on Caitlin's thigh and deepens the kiss. "I'm so stupid." I whisper to myself, walking past the couple that is making out and past my brother who has his earphones blasting loud music, oblivious to the fact that the guy I am in love with is making out with another girl. 461

He is such a player. Why did I not see it coming? Why did I believe him when he said he loves me? 124

I walk past a few trees and stop, leaning against a big oak tree and looking up. Tears slip down my cheeks and I quickly wipe them away. 92

He's not mine.170

He's not mine. 109

He's not mine. 253

Then why does it hurt so much? I bite my tongue so I can stop feeling the pain in my heart. Stupid heart. 108

Why couldn't I have gone to a lake house with absolutely anyone else, I would have even gone with that forgotten Jonas brother - Kevin Jonas. 1.2K

I sigh and let myself slip to the ground. "Melody?" someone says beside me. I look up to see Alec looking down at me with a frown. 83

He gives out a hand to help me up and I take it. "Listen, I'm just going to kiss your neck. Just moan really loud or shout and make Tyson jealous." he says and smiles. 1.7K

I shake my head, "No, I don't want to hurt him. No matter how much he hurt me." I say. Alec smiles, "Just trust me, it won't mean anything... Let's just say I am as gay as crocs. Okay, well actually I am bi but just trust me." he says. 2.6K

"Okay." I whisper. He leans foward and pushes me against a tree, placing soft kisses down my neck. "Mmm, yes! Alec!" I shout. He chuckles and pulls my waist towards him, biting down on the spot under my ear. 3.8K

I hear Tyson walking towards us and so I brush my hand through Alec's hair and tug, causing him to let out a low groan. "Mhmm, yeah." I say. 919

"Melody? Alec? What the fuck?" Tyson says, walking up to us. I look at Alec as he pulls away from me, "Just go." I whisper and he frowns but nods and walks back towards the lake.371

"Why the hell were you with him?" he spits and I walk up to Tyson and slap him across the face. He turns and glares at me, "You know what, I am so stupid." he says. 511

I roll my eyes, "Yeah, you are." 69

"I'm stupid because I fell in love with you! I wish I never did it! I regret every single bit of it!" he screams. 829

I feel a pang in my chest at his words, "E-even the k-kisses?" I stutter, my hands starting to shake. "All. Of. It." he says slowly, glaring at me. 453

"Even the kisses." I whisper. "All of it, Melody, you're a bitch!" he screams3.5K

My heart tightens in my chest entire body starts shaking, my jaw, my hands, everything. Even my stomach feels hollow and empty, like he kicked me and now I am breathless. 78

A wave of emotions make my body shiver; Anger, disappointment, pain. I bite the inside of my cheek, trying to hold back more of my tears. 107

Tyson's POV  9

She stares at me and I stare straight back. She looks hurt but she tries to cover it. It's true, I regret falling in love with Melody. She ruined everything, this wasn't supposed to happen. She is a bitch, she used me to make her ex-boyfriend jealous. I wish I never fell for her. 1K

"You think I-I'm a bitch?" she whispers and I nod, glaring at her still. "You are." I state. 328

I see tears making her eyes glossy and she looks away from me. After a moment of silence, she nods in understanding, "You're right, I'm sorry." she says and starts walking away from me.229

"Ha! I win! You're walking away! I have won, I beat you!" I shout and Melody turns around, tears pouring down her face, "Yes Tyson, congratulations, you won. I hope you're happy, because you sure as hell lost me." she says and turns back, away from me and keeps walking. 2.1K

I punch the large tree, making my knuckles bleed, "Shit." I swear. 907

What have I done?4K

*-*-*       22

MWAHAHA IM SO EVIL! anyway, I hope you got the feels in this chapter :P Thanks for reading xxx <3 424

Lots of love and jelly tots- TPG23

Hahaha, sorry, that was evil of me to not update for so long *evil Dexter laugh* anyway, here is the update ;) enjoy <3 109

Hahaha, im warning you now, its about to get from zero to one hundred. 415

*-*-*         11

Chapter 30- Egg554

Tyson pulls me foward and kisses me. His body is presses up against mine and his hands move to my waist, holding me close to him. 1.3K

As soon as reality hits me, I push him back, forcefully. He takes a few steps back, frowning. "What the hell Tyson?" I scream, whipping my hand straight across his cheek. 193

He slowly lifts his hand to his cheek, looking at me with sadness. "I-I'm sorry." he whispers. 306

You're probably really confused. Well maybe not that confused but still slightly confused so let me explain everything to you. 162

I'm at school. It's been almost three months and I haven't talked to Tyson at all. It has been torture, not just to him. 832

I've been trying so hard to move on but it's almost impossible. Every time I see him, I want him more. 63

School has been horrible. Not just the fact that I have to listen to boring teachers, also the fact that I had to see Tyson every day. Dicklan has hit on me so many times since he found out Tyson and I 'broke up' and I've tried to ignore it. I honestly don't care anymore. 97

At least I have my best friend with me, that's the only good thing about any of this. 78

I have considered the fact that I should just let what happened go and talk to Tyson but I don't want to. 49

He hurt me and I don't think I want to forgive him, and yet at the same time I want to forgive him. I'm as confused and hurt as a chicken that has to watch someone fry an egg. 395

I roll my eyes and turn around, walking away. I need to get to home economics or Mr. V is going to kill me. 794

---26

"Okay, I am putting you into pairs for this project, this will count for fifty percent of your grade so you better work hard." Mr. V says, handing out the worksheets that have the requirements for our term project. 888

Once he has handed them out, he starts listing the people that are going to work together.  17

"Wait, the class is not even, Melody, you don't have a partner. Maybe you could go in a group of three or-" Mr.V gets cut off by the door swinging open and Tyson walking in. "Oh, perfect. Melody, you can go with Tyson." he says, clapping his hands in finality. 841

I sigh, putting my head in my hands. I swear it's like I am cursed. Whenever life is going okay, something just has to pop up and be like 'Ha, bitch you thought.' 1.5K

"You can start working on your projects now." Mr.V says and then leaves the room, probably to get more coffee from the teachers lounge. 32

Tyson takes a chair and drags it to my desk, sitting down beside me. "What are we going to do?" he asks. "I'll do it and I'll put your name on it." I state, starting to write notes.166

"Melody." He says, placing his hand over mine. I pull my hand away and glare at him, "What?" 87

"Please, I'm not saying you have to forgive me but just talk to me. Let me do this project with you. It's not just your mark, its mine too and I want to earn it so if you have a problem working with me then go tell Mr. V because I get that you're mad at me, you can hate me as much as you want but you cant ignore me forever. I don't even understand why you're still mad at me, it's been three months." he states.782

"You don't understand why I am mad at you? Tyson, you kissed another girl, you called me a bitch and said you regret falling in love with me. You hurt me, I don't care how long it's been, I have been thinking about it for months. I couldn't get you off my mind because I kept wondering if I did something wrong. We weren't even dating and you still broke my heart. So yes, I can be mad at you for as long as I want because you see this," I take a peice of paper and scrunch it up, "That's what you did to my heart. Now try and make it how it was before." I state, throwing it at him. 1.4K

We stay silent, staring at each other. I don't know why but my heart is racing. 47

I stand up as the bell rings, walking out the class and down the hall. Suddenly, Tyson grabs my hand, spinning me around to face him, "Listen Melody, I don't care if you're mad at me anymore. Yes, I hate it that you're mad at me but I've accepted it. It's done. I've tried giving you flowers and notes and chocolates and I don't know how many times I have said sorry but you just ignored it all. You know, it really hurt," Tyson voice breaks like he is holding back tears, "w-when I saw the cupcakes I made for you and the card I took hours writing, lying in the bin. You didn't even open the card, Melody. I stayed up for hours, doing the card over and over again, not sure how to explain how much you mean to me and yet when I finally found the words to say, they were thrown into the trash. 4.8K

"You can throw my heart into the trash but you are going to do this project with me weather you like it or not so come to my house tonight at six." Tyson commands and then lets me go, walking away. 526

I stand in the hallways, speechless, staring at Tyson's back as he walks away. 206

*-*-*       23

Yeah, so that's done. Thanks for reading xxx do you guys still ship Melson (or whatever the ship name is idk) or is it over? 552

Lots of love and jelly tots- TPG13

Melody's POV44

I chuckle, "Okay, yeah." I say, shaking my head and rolling my eyes. I have spent the last few hours at Tyson's house and we actually managed to get our project done. 159

We had to make a dessert and so we made brownies although the first time we tried it somehow ended up with tomato sauce in it so we had to do it again.562

"So do you forgive me?" Tyson asks, jumping up onto his counter and dangling his legs off the edge. 240

"First I want to know something... Why did you kiss Caitlyn?" I ask. 117

Tyson frowns, "I was trying to make you jealous." he explains and I shake my head, "Yeah but she is a hoe, her brother told me." I state. 338

Tyson chuckles, "So are you." he states and I stop smiling. 2K

What? I stare at Tyson with my mouth dropped slightly open. "Oh, come on..." Tyson says, chuckling a bit more nervously. 236

He hops off the counter and walks towards me. As he reaches me he lifts his arm to touch me but I move away from him, "Don't touch me." I spit.459

"Melody..." Tyson says. He still hasn't even said he was joking. He hasn't said sorry. Wow. I shake my head, "Whatever, the brownies are done, now will you leave me alone?" I state as I walk to the front door of Tyson's house. 217

"Melody, come on. I thought you said you would forgive me." he says and as I walk out the door. "Well I thought you would see me as more than just a slut." I state and get into my mom's car that she let me borrow, slamming the car and driving off. 788

I guess we were both wrong. 136

I look in the rear view mirror and see Tyson getting into has car as well and so I speed up. Stupid. Stupid. Stupid.584

I wasn't the one that threw Tyson's cupcakes in the trash with his card. It was Jessica. I was going to read the card and I started smiling and everything but Jess took it and threw it away with all the other things he gave me and she kept telling me that I should stop falling for him because he is a player and he will hurt me. 1.2K

I walk up to my dark blue locker and pull it open. School just ended and honestly, all I want to do is go home. It's only been a few days since Tyson hurt me and I just hate seeing him because I want to forgive him so badly.52

I scan my locker and I see a little container as well as a card in a little pink envelope. I pull it out as Jessica walks up to me and I smile when I see my name in his untidy handwriting scribbled on the front. 12

"Nope," Jessica pulls it out of my hand and takes the adorable frosted cupcakes with it and then shoves them both in the bin. "Jess," I groan, "I wanted to eat those." 390

Jess leans against the locker and stares at me, "Mel..." she says and sighs, "Please trust me, I am your best friend, I have seen the movies and read the books and dated the idiots. I know what Tyson is like, no, I haven't been with him but I have been with someone like him and no matter how many times you forgive him you will end up hurt and you don't deserve that. Save the all painful moments and just try to forget about him. Now I am not saying you have to forget him but maybe just try distance yourself and don't read the stupid and adorable letters." she says, frowning. 581

Jess was right. 155

He is a player and I am supposed to hate him and yet every time I talk to him I fall for him and I can't help but forgive him and it's stupid because I feel like one of those really dumb girls that just fall at their boyfriends feet. 88

I turn into my driveway and I get out, turning around when I hear sirens going off. It's probably the police again, they always do those security checks. 465

I walk into the house and shut the door. My phone starts ringing and I pull it out of my pocket. The caller ID is Tyler, "Hello?" I greet. "Melody, you need to come quickly." Tyler says, sounding panicked. 173

"What? Why?" I ask.          2

"Tyson is in hospital, he was in a car accident and he crashed into a truck. H-he is not waking up." 5.6K

*-*-*11

mwaha mwahaha mwahahahaha. Hope you enjoyed ;) 517

Lots of love and jelly tots- TPG22

******PLEASE PLAY THE SONG ATTACHED TO THE CHAPTER WHILE YOU READ!!!!!!******770

P.s to play a song without earphones you just have to put the ringer on your phone off vibrate ;) I hope that makes sense :P98

*-*-*17

Melody's POV6

I run past the front desk and straight to the room that Tyler messaged me. This cant be happening. How could this happen so fast? I know I was mad at him but I still love him and I can't lose him.233

Not like this. Not after leaving him sad and alone. Not after telling him he lost me. He would never lose me. I love him. 200

I slam my finger repeatedly against the elevator button until it opens. I wait for it to go up. 32

Everything feels like it's in slow motion. 21

I run out the elevator and turn to see Tyler and Brandon sitting in the silver chairs outside the hospital door, they both look worried. 270

Tyson's foster parents are there too. Bobo is rubbing Ting Tong's back as she has her face in her hands, sobbing. 696

They all turn to me when they hear my footsteps running towards them, "Is he okay? Tell me he is okay." I say, tears starting to fall down my cheeks. 20

"Tell me he is okay." I whisper. He has to be okay. 16

Jackson shakes his head, "Melody, he is not waking up." he explains. 579

I lean against the white wall of the hospital and slide down to the floor, suddenly feeling like I can't breath. I try to blink away the tears that are blurring my vision but they refuse to go away.165

This isn't real. It can't be. It's not. I don't want it to be. It won't be the same without him. I can't lose him. I've tried not talking to him and it was hell, there is no way I could survive him not waking up. 112

A doctor in a white coat walks out the room, looking down at his board. "Please tell us he is okay." Ting Tong begs the doctor. 253

The doctor looks at us sadly, "I'm sorry. There is nothing left for us to do. He lost too much blood from the accident. He didn't make it." the doctor explains. 6.6K

A stare at the doctor, shaking my head. No. No. No. No. Please, no. It can't be real. Tyson is supposed to be my happily ever after. He can't be gone. 340

I get up from the door and walk to the hospital room door. I have to see him. "I'm sorry ma'am, you can't go in there." the doctor states.33

"No!" I scream, "He is not dead. Tyson is not dead! He's fine! You're lying! He's not dead! He is in there and he is fine and he is alive and his heart is still beating and..." my heart falls to peices, "He's not gone. He can't leave me." 617

Tyson was never mine. I was crazy about him and I loved him and we fought but I never stopped loving him. He can't be gone. 92

I turn to face Tyson's foster parents and both of them are crying. Ting Tong is bawling her eyes out and Bobo as silently shaking, tears dripping down his cheeks. 218

No. 23

"Please, just let me see him. Just once." I beg. The doctor purses his lips and nods, stepping out the way and letting me through the door.142

I see Tyson lying on the hospital bed. The top of his head is covered in a bandage. I look at the heart rate monitor and it's a completely straight line across the screen. The long, monotoned 'beep' of the monitor is ringing through my ears. 305

I run to Tyson and take his hand in mine, squeezing it. "Please... Wake up." I beg. 170

I'll give anything to see his smirk or hear his laugh and his voice or even to sit and watch Disney movies with him.110

My lip quivers as my heart sinks. It's real. I was hoping to see Tyson in here smiling and okay but he is not. 53

Tyson is dead. 651

He's gone. 146

Forever.3.2K

*-*-*126

Zayyum. I'm sorry *hides behind wall* please refrain from throwing metal or sharp objects. 2.7K

Lots of love and jelly tots- TPG92

Melody's POV68

I run my thumb along Tyson's lip. I would do anything to have him kiss me one last time. 177

His eyes flutter when I touch his face and I frown. Wait, aren't dead people supposed to be pale and cold? I've never seen a dead person but I think that's how it's supposed to be. 1.7K

"Tyson if you are alive, you won't be for long because I will stab you with this plastic fork." I state, pointing to the plastic forks on the table next to the hospital bed.420

Tyson opens his eyes and smiles at me, "Hey cupcake." he says. 3.6K

He's alive. 453

What the heck just happened? "B-but you were dead and it showed your heart wasn't beating and the doctor said you didn't make it. How are you alive?" I ask. 189

"Um, well, I may have paid the doctors to pretend and my family knows I'm faking. I just... I didn't know what to do. I just wanted you to care about me. I'm sorry." he explains. 11.9K

I groan, "I would kill you if I wasn't so happy." I state and lie down on the floor, staring up at the plain white roof. 360

Tyson's head comes into my view and he smiles down at me, "What are you doing, weirdo?" he asks. 116

"I'm lying on the floor." I state. I'm just so confused and I don't know how to feel or what to do and I think this is the only logical thing to do. 274

Maybe I should just start rolling around on the floor because there is only three words to explain how I feel. 107

What is life? 431

"Melody, get off the floor." Tyson says. 42

"Make me." 146

Tyson leans down and pulls me up and I just flop against him. He keeps his arms around my waist, holding me up as he laughs and shakes his head.  68

I can't even.300

I feel so happy that Tyson is not dead because he is here and he is alive and he is breathing and I can't leave him again because I just love him so much and I'm also really mad at him because he made me freaking die inside because I thought he was dead and he's not. 331

I don't care anymore. Tyson is alive and that's all I care about. He could have really been gone and then I don't know what I would have done.    47

"Tyson," I whine, "put me back on the floor, I just want to flop around like a dying fish because I don't even know what to do." 847

I think this will be the solution to my problems from now on.120

He's alive.54

Tears start pouring down my face, "You're alive." I whisper, my body shaking as Tyson holds me close to him. I lean my head on his chest, sobbing like a child that didn't get candy. 207

"Please don't cry, cupcake." Tyson says, wiping my tears off my cheeks. 484

I stand up straight and put my hand against his cheek, staring into his eyes, "I saw you lying there and you were supposed to be dead and then you open your eyes and you smiled at me and I don't know how to feel because you're smile is so perfect and I was so happy that you were awake and everything just felt like a dream but now you're here, with me, and this is where I want you for the rest of my life." I say.414

"I love you." I whisper, crying harder. 538

"Y-you love me?" Tyson asks. "Melody, you love me." he says, laughing slightly as tears make his eyes shine. 601

"I love you. I'm crazy about you Tyson and if you ever leave me again I don't know what I'll do." I state. 255

A tear slips down Tyson's cheek. "You said you love me. My cupcake loves me back." he whispers, leaning his forehead against mine.1.8K

"I love you too my princess." he whispers and presses his lips against mine. 826

I smile and move away from him and he wiggles his eyebrows at me, "So you want to go watch movies for the rest of the day?" Tyson asks and I glare at him.144

"Bitch you just died, what?" I state. 4.4K

Tyson just laughs, "Well I did get you to say you love me..." I keep glaring at him, folding my arms and raising my eyebrow, "I'll let you wear my clothes...?" he says, smiling cheekily. 226

"Yeah, okay, let's go." I state and pull him out of the hospital room, intertwining my fingers with his. 283

I'll kill him later.1.5K

*-*-*18

You guys are lucky I hate death endings. 1.6K

Lots of love and jelly tots- TPG38

Melody's POV19

"Asshole." I state.110

"Hoe." he retorts.341

"Grinch."80

"Stripper."189

"Delinquent." 32

"Nerd."58

"Donald Trump." 5.1K

"Hey, that one was just mean." Tyson states and pouts. I chuckle and roll my eyes, "Yeah, poor Trump, he doesn't deserve being compared to an imbecile like you." I state and stick my tounge out at him. Then I turn around so he can't see me laugh.1K

I'm calling him names because I'm trying to be mad at him for what he did but it's not exactly going to plan.       19

We are currently at Tyson's house, not the one his parents live in but the one that I first came to when we watched Frozen.44

Don't ask me why he has two houses.434

"Aww, cupcake." Tyson wraps his arms around my waist as I face away from him, my arms crossed, "Why you mad though?" 253

"Say that again and I will castrate you then dismember you then decapitate you and then defenestrate you." I state.972

Tyson laughs and turns me around to face him, "Now I see where the saying 'dynamite comes in small packages' comes from." he tells me and I roll my eyes. 262

"Now I know where the saying 'I'm not saying you're stupid, I'm saying you're an idiot' comes from." I state. 106

"Cupcake, please forgive me. I'll do anything. I'll give you a piggy back ride?" he tries to negotiate. 114

I tap my chin, "No." I state and grin. 7

"How about if I take you out tomorrow and I'll do anything for you. I'll take you where you want to go and I'll buy you whatever you want. I'll be yours completely for the whole day, how does that sound?" 312

I chuckle and nod, "Deal." I state and Tyson frowns.  10

"Shit, I just sold myself to the devil." he states and I rub my hands together, letting out an evil laugh. 2.6K

"So, I needed to ask you something but I'm not sure if it would work. I guess I'll have to find out. Come to my room in five minutes, okay?" he asks and I nod.418

I sigh and sit down on the sofa. It's so weird, I feel like I have known Tyson forever but I only started getting to know him this year. 19

I like him a lot. It's actually insane. I mean, we have kissed and gone out on dates and had sleepovers together and watched Disney movies together but we are not even dating. He drives me crazy though.204

I always wondered what it would be like to be in love. I thought it would be weird and creepy that you always have one person on your mind but now that I am in love its way more than I expected. 110

I mean, it's not like those cheesy romance books where everything is perfect. Its way better; it's imperfect. You get to share your feelings with someone that understands you, you get to have someone to talk to about your problems, you have someone to steal hoodie from and argue with but even through everything, even when you find out the weirdest things about that person, you still love them. Maybe even more than you did before. 273

"Melody, come up!" Tyson shouts from upstairs and I stand up and walk up the stairs. 57

I walk into Tyson's room and sitting on Tyson's bed is a gigantic white teddy bear that has the words 'I love you' written on its T-shirt. There is a huge bouquet of roses on its lap and next to the teddy bear is three boxes of pizza and a giant tub of Nutella. 2.2K

I turn and see Tyson standing and grinning at me from beside the bed. A wave of unexplainable happiness flows over me and I block my mouth with my hands, "Tyson." I whisper. 99

"Melody, we have had some crazy times together through this year and even though it has only been a year, I want you to be my girlfriend. I want to have those crazy times forever but I only want it with you so... Will you be my girlfriend?" he asks, his hands visibly shaking in fear. 936

I let out a sob and fall to my knees, tears falling down my face. Tyson runs to me and leans down, holding me close to him, "Cupcake, why are you crying?" Tyson asks, wiping away my tears. 610

"Y-you bought me pizza." I state and Tyson starts laughing. 6.1K

I lean up and brush my lips against Tyson's, "I would love to be your girlfriend." I whisper, smashing my lips against his. 443

*-*-*11

*starts doing cartwheels*675

Lots of love and jelly tots- TPG24

Melody's POV157

Today's the day I get to choose what I want to do.   14

"Did you find it?" I shout. 2

I forgot my lip gloss upstairs and Tyson said he'll get it for me. "Tyson...?" I call out when there's no answer. 110

I walk up the stairs, "You know if you can't find it then we can just-" I walk I to the room and I instantly go silent when I see Tyson on my bed, holding my brown book, tears flowing down his cheeks as he reads the words that are written in my handwriting. 804

Everything goes completely silent. 2

Deafeningly silent.     4

"Is it true?" he asks, looking up at me. I don't answer and he stands up, "I said, is it true?" he asks, louder. 631

"Y-yes." I whisper.             31

"What? I can't hear you!" he screams at me and I flinch. I repeat my answer, louder. 519

He hands me the brown book. The book that I've been hiding things that nobody was supposed to know. 43

"Read it to me. I want to hear you say it." he whispers, his voice shaking as the tears don't stop falling. 200

I look down at the page, my throat suddenly becoming dry. "Please Tyson, don't-" Tyson cuts me off, "Read it to me." he commands and I go silent. 80

"I thought I was okay." I start reading the letters, each word feels like a stab in the chest, "They said I was okay. The doctors... But I wasn't okay." I go silent for a while, trying to control my shaking hands. 964

"Everyone thinks I am okay but I found out a month ago that I'm not okay. Not even close to okay. When I found Tyson, I fell for him, I really did and I don't know what I am going to do without him. The doctors told me that I have six weeks left to live, if I'm lucky. I have pancreatic cancer and it's too late to save me. I can't tell Tyson because he is the best thing that has ever happened to me and I don't want to see him get hurt. I don't want to tell him," I go silent again, for what feels like an eternity, "... That I'm dying." I whisper the last part. A single tear slips down my cheek as I stare at the blank ink, not wanting to look at Tyson. 6.8K

"You have cancer and you still said yes to being my girlfriend?" Tyson walks towards me and I walk backwards until my back hits my bedroom wall, "You let me fall in love with you and you made me love everything about you like the way you cried while watching Tinkerbell or the way your lips taste or..." he goes silent, his eyes filled with hurt and tears. 530

"You're such a selfish bitch!" he screams at me. "You let me love you! You're dying! You wrote that a month ago. You have two weeks to live Melody! I can't believe you never told me!" he screams at me and my breath starts hitching as I stare at the ground in shame. 1.9K

"I hate you! You're a liar!" he slams his fist against the wall behind me and I flinch, his face moves centimeters away from mine, "Don't ever look at me or talk to me again!" he screams and walks out the room. 2.6K

I slide down the wall, hiding my face in my knees. I was stupid and selfish but I was scared. Terrified. 176

This is what I never wanted to happen. I shouldn't have written it down, I just needed to tell someone but I couldn't. 34

My mom and brother were the only two that knew but I couldn't talk to them. I couldn't talk to anyone. 73

When I went for a checkup they found out that I had pancreatic cancer but it had already started to metastasize and there was nothing they could do so they gave me six weeks to live and I panicked and I wasn't thinking but I couldn't talk about it and I pushed it out, trying not to think about it. The doctors said it was a silent killer and by the time they found it I was as good as dead. 323

I should have told Tyson. 326

*-*-*34

And they lived happily ever after...1.2K

I'll update soon, hopefully xx10

Lots of love and jelly tots- TPG58

Melody's POV 64

I stand up from my spot on the floor. 7

I have been sitting in the same spot for two days. My mom tried to get me to eat but I couldn't. 292

I don't know why I kept going to school after I found out. I guess I just wanted to feel normal. 37

I only found out I had cancer in the time when I was ignoring Tyson and then I thought Tyson was dying when he was in the 'accident' and I was terrified and I wanted to push Tyson away because I didn't want him to feel what I felt but I couldn't help it, I love Tyson and I want to be with him and I shouldn't have said yes to being his girlfriend. He's right, I am selfish. 346

I get in the shower and let my mom drive me to school. It sounds crazy but I want to be with my friends and I want to be treated like a normal person. I don't want people to look at me and feel sorry for me because I am dying. 68

I climb out the car and walk into the school where people are walking around and laughing with their friends.     12

Jessica walks up to me with a smile, "Where have you been girl?" she asks and I shrug and walk to my locker, pulling it open. 64

She groans, "Okay well I have physics now. I'll see you later." she says and walks away. I haven't told Jessica either. I know, I'm probably the worst best friend ever but I didn't have the strength to tell anyone, not even her.  59

I walk down the hall and see Tyson. He is kissing Brittany... Again. Stupid son of a donkey. 1.9K

I walk up to him, pull him away from Brittany and slap him straight across his face. He stares at me, shocked. 294

"What was that for?" Tyson asks and I turn to look at Brittany who is smirking at me. 121

I pull Tyson away from her and he waits for my answer. Brittany walks off and I sigh, looking at the floor. "I know I am selfish, Tyson, and you know what? So are you. I should have told you but I was scared. I found out last month that I am going to die! I won't be able to graduate. I won't be able to get married. I'm still a freaking virgin, Tyson! I have never been overseas. I will never get the chance to be excited over things like getting accepted into a university or finding out I am pregnant. I will never have kids. I will never get to go bungee jumping or swimming at a beach. I'm am going to die before I get the chance to live." I say, tears rimming my eyes. 801

"So can you maybe wait till after I die and then you can start making out with sluts again?" I spit and Tyson stares at me, not saying a word. Say something, damn it! 302

"I have liked you for a really long time, Melody." he tells me, watching for my reaction, "Five years." he whispers. 648

"I knew I never had a chance with you because you were so different. You were always happy and smiling and I finally got the chance to have you. You were finally mine and then I find out that you're..." Tyson wipes the tears away from his eyes and sniffs. 225

"I'm so sorry. I started freaking out because I'm not ready to loose you. I'm not ready to let you go and I panicked which I shouldn't have. I'm so so so sorry. I know it's not you're fault and you are so amazing. I love you so much, cupcake." he whispers and pulls me into a tight hug.2.4K

I breathe in his cologne and smile, a tear falling down my cheek. I don't want to leave. What if I'm not ready? 165

"Let's go somewhere." Tyson says and smiles at me. 185

"Somewhere? Like a park or something?" I ask. 92

"No. I want you to feel like you have lived. I want you to do anything you want and I will do anything to help you. I will always be here for you, Melody." he says. 395

I don't want to lose this. 43

I start crying really hard, "I don't want to die, Tyson." I say. I want to stay with my mom and my brother and Tyson and Jessica and I want to grow up the way Peter Pan never wanted to. I hug Tyson tightly and he brushes his fingers through my hair, not saying a word.468

"Let's go to Paris." Tyson says after a while and I pull away from him with wide eyes. 439

"What? Are you crazy? How the hell would we do that?" I ask. 8

Tyson shrugs, "I'll pay." he states and smiles. 103

"Nope. No way, I won't let you. We can just go watch a French movie with subtitles or something, it I'll be like we're there." I say, shaking my head. I can't let Tyson do this for me.147

"What about Mauritius?" Tyson asks and my jaw drops. Yup, it's official, he's insane. 682

"Please let me take you there. I wouldn't want to go with anyone else." Tyson asks and pouts. I smile and nod, pulling Tyson into another hug. 79

"You're amazing." I whisper and look up into his eyes. He leans down to kiss me and I move away from his lips, "Ew, you still have slut on your mouth." I state and Tyson just chuckles as I roll my eyes. 1.1K

*-*-*27

Lots of love and jelly tots- TPG121

Tyson's POV917

I step off the plane with Melody right beside me. She hasn't stopped smiling since we stepped onto the plane. Well, until she tried watching a horror movie on the plane at the same time as me and almost pissed herself in fear.117

We are in Mauritius already. We couldn't go alone in case something happened to Melody and I didn't know what to do and so her mother and brother have come too. 137

"Sir Seewoosagur Ramgoolam International Airport." Melody reads the sign on the front of the airport as we walk out of it and get into the taxi that is going to take us to the hotel. 310

I want to make sure Melody is happy. I want to be the one to make her happy. 181

*-*-* 9

Melody's POV11

I lie down on the hotel bed and sigh, smiling. Tyson jumps on the bed next to me and turns to face me, smiling too. 107

The hotel is absolutely beautiful and so is the island. On the drive to the hotel I couldn't stop staring at everything we passed. The palm trees, the turquoise beaches, the little stores selling coconuts on the side of the road. 35

"So, what do you want to do? You wanna go to the beach or swimming with dolphins or do you want to get married?" Tyson asks and wiggles his eyebrows. 174

I chuckle and pull out a children's plastic ring from my pocket. I get up and straddle Tyson, taking his hand and slipping the little ring on. 139


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                            968

"What is this?" Tyson asks, lifting his hand to look at the ring. It could only fit his pinky finger.35

I chuckle, "It's a ring I found in the aeroplane. I though it was cute." I state. 384

Tyson chuckles and pulls me down to kiss him, "You will always be worth melting for cupcake." he tells me and then flips me over so he is in between my legs. 213

He starts French kissing me and I wrap my arms around his neck, grabbing some of his hair and tugging. He groans against my lips and butterflies explode in my stomach. 284

"What do you want to do?" Tyson asks again, pulling away from the kiss.33

"You." I whisper and grind my hips against him. "I also want to watch The Fault In Our Stars." I add and Tyson grins.867

"Deal." he whispers.11

He pulls of my shirt and starts kissing my neck and then he bites me gently and I moan, making Tyson chuckle.201

"Some things never change, huh?" he states and smirks at me. 36

I rub my finger across his bottom lip, staring into his green eyes, "And some do." I whisper and he smiles. 33

I pull of Tyson's shirt and check out his body and he chuckles, "This is one of those things that don't change." he states. 25

"Are you sure you want to do this?" Tyson asks uncertainly.53

"Tyson, I wouldn't want it to be anybody else." I state. 702

~~~~~521

"I do Augustus, I do." The movie credits roll up and I hide my face in tell crook of Tyson's face as he laughs, also crying. 357

He wraps his arms around me and holds me tight, "I am so glad I chose you, cupcake." he whispers and runs a hand through my hair. "You are the best person I could have chosen and I don't care if you hurt me." he tells me and I move to sit on his lap, placing my head on his chest.149

"Maybe one day my life will be a book." I state and chuckle. 2K

Tyson chuckles, "It will be. I promise." he whispers and I smile lightly. 552

It probably won't be. I'm not worth the story. I am just one girl that is going to die. There are seven billion other people that will die too. 310

Yes, I'm scared of dying. I have always been scared of dying. My dad died of cancer too and he told me it gets better in life but maybe it doesn't.265

For some people yes, it gets better, but sometimes there are people that can't keep swimming. They have to make the best of whatever they have because one day it will all fall to pieces and there will be nothing left.84

It will be absolutely void. 72

So I have to be with Tyson and my family and I'll accept that I'm dying. I'm happy right now. I want to stay in Tyson's arms for as long as I can.60

I will walk into oblivion anyway. 264

*-*-*7

POKÉMON GO! ‿◕ Damn, people in my school are so obsessed with that shit right now. 475

Lots of love and jelly tots- TPG32

*devil face emoji* ^^^ please play the song above ;) 1.5K

*-*-*   20

Tyson's POV 32

I sit up in bed the next day and smile down at Melody. Her brown hair is spread over her face and she is wearing pajama shorts and a top. 278

She's so beautiful. 53

I move the hair off her face and lean down to softly kiss her lips. Why do I have to love her so much? Why does she have to go? I'm terrified and I'm not even the one that is dying. 100

"Melody." I whisper and shake her shoulder softly. She doesn't move. "Melody." I say, louder. I check her heartbeat by pressing my fingers to her throat. 1.5K

Nothing. 528

I run to the room next door and bang against the wood. Jonathan opens the door, still looking groggy, "Hmm?" he yawns.29

"We have to get Melody to the hospital. Sh-she's not waking up." 435

*-*-*5

Everything started to go really slow, like it was all in really slow motion as I stood outside the hospital room door.  4

Three words. 75

"It's too late." 478

Four words.21

"Melody Carson is dead."1.6K

Five words. 41

"There's nothing we can do." 347

I stare at the doctor as I start feeling dizzy. It feels like I'm falling, like the floor has disappeared and it's an endless darkness. 39

"C-can I see her." I ask the doctor. 247

Melody's mom and brother are already in there but people that aren't family weren't allowed in yet. 42

The doctor nods and I push past him, opening the door. There's only two sound I can hear; my heartbeat and the lonely sound of the monotoned heart rate monitor. 63

Melody's mom is sobbing and gripping tightly onto Melody's pale hand. Her brother is just standing, not blinking. He's just staring at nothing. 404

Melody's mom looks up and nods then drags Jonathan out the room with him, leaving me alone with the only girl that has meant something to me in a long time. 52

The last girl I loved died too; my mom. 543

I choke on my tears, "Melody please, if this is revenge for when I pretended to die then I'm sorry." I sit down on the chair next to her bed and lean my head on her, tears dripping down onto her still body. 379

"You win." I whisper. 287

Nothing. 15

"Wake up!" I scream, shaking her body. Please, I'll do anything.359

"Melody!" I scream, "Cupcake, please?" I beg. 731

It's too late. This isn't an act. This isn't some prank where she wakes up smiling. This is the part where she doesn't wake up. The thing is, she's not the only one that's dying right now. 249

The pain in my chest. It's killing me. It's like I can't breath and everything feels so real. It is real. 70

"Come on," I wipe my finger across her cheek. Her skin is cold and pale and she isn't moving, "Melody if you wake up I'll buy you pizza and I'll watch any Disney movie you want. I'll can't let you die, I need you. I need to kiss you and I need you to fight with me and cuddle with me and stay with me." I stand up and look away from her. 710

It's not real. 10

Maybe it's just a nightmare. 60

"Please stay. I want you to stay with me forever, you can't be taken away from me. Not now. Not today. I'm begging you please stay." 345

Down on my knees I'm begging you please don't leave me.416

"We have to get old and you have to survive because you still haven't given me my hoodies back," I turn to her and laugh through my tears. I need a reaction. 442

Nothing. 36

I back up against the hospital room wall and slide down. My cupcake is gone.193

Melody is gone.168

She's dead.340

Forever.5K

*-*-*250

And I got way to many feels way to much emotion *smirks* I'm so evil O:) 3.2K

Lots of love and jelly tots- TPG199

Tyson's POV  146

It's over. 172

The story is over. 186

Melody is dead. 1.3K

She died five years ago and I have finally accepted it and moved on. Yes, five years is a really long time but sometimes people don't understand.2.5K

They tell you to get over it but sometimes it is okay if you don't. Sometimes you have to take your time to heal and accept. Some people take lifetimes to get over it. 102

If you're trying to get over something then stop. Trust me, I know. My parents are dead and the girl I loved is dead too and I refused to accept it. I pushed my parents deaths away and sometimes it hurt more to try and forget then to let myself cry. 115

I didn't imagine how the relationship would have been. That's not the right thing to do because it will make it worse. 15

I missed her, I mourned for her and I let her go, because just like the ring Melody gave me always reminds me, sometimes you just gave to let it go.524

So take your time and heal the wounds. Let them turn to scars to show that you have lived the way some people don't even get an option to. 53

You can hate me for telling this story and letting it end like this. You can threaten me and scream but it won't change what happened. 382

I once promised a girl something. I promised her that I would share her story and I don't break my promises. 414

So, share a story I shall. 65

This girl is Melody Carson. 205

She believed that she wasn't worth a story but she was so wrong. She wasn't a major celebrity that fell in love with a nobody, she wasn't a nerd that changed the guy and she wasn't a girl that falls in love with the innocent boy next door. 211

No.9

She was way more than that.17

Melody was a girl with cancer. She was just like any other girl. She was normal and she was happy and she went to school everyday, just like any other teenager.309

Her death will not be meaningless. It will never be meaningless. Her death will represent something. It will represent the people that die every single day. 218

They have lives too. Lives that they enjoyed living. They had children and lovers and family and problems but it was their life and they loved it yet they didn't get the option to live because of somebody or something else. 83

There are people that will give anything for a sip of water and we sit here, pretend like everything is okay but it's not. Everything is not okay and people need to see this. They need to realize this. 84

Melody's story is not to make you cry and scream or plan murder, it is to give you the truth.1.7K

It's to show you anything can happen, and it will happen so fast that you don't even realize what happened until it's too late to go back and make it better. 107

So make it better now, before it's too late.97

I hate deaths. I hate writing about people that died and I hate hearing about it and I hate seeing it. This was one of the hardest things I've done but I had to do it. 137

Sometimes you have to have the sad endings so the happy endings can be even better.165

I won't change what happened for the sake of people's emotions. People need to accept what is happening. This is for the people that are way up in the sky, watching us with smiles. To the people that died of cancer or were murdered without a cause. This is to the beautiful people in this world that didn't deserve to die.464

Melody, if you can hear me, then this is for you. This is the promise that I am keeping to you. This is your story that I want to tell the world. 1K

This is a story of a girl that hated the player. 5.5K

                                                  THE END13K

I'm just adding all the books I've written here. Don't worry, none of my other main characters die so you don't have to start getting your tissues out ;) 405

I'm really sorry to the people who didn't like the ending but this is how I wanted it because all my other books are 'happily ever after's and I wanted a change. 575

*-*-*

That Nerd57


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

Description +

Ever broken into Disney World at three in the morning? Ever pranked the police and almost gotten arrested for it?Ever played paintball at the park in nothing but your underwear?56

Maya hasn't. But she is about to...12

Dylan Thompson is the most popular guy in the school and is seeking revenge after Maya slapped him for being a 'pervert'. 15

What would you do if you were Maya?Move to Mexico and change your name to Rico and then proceed to move into an apartment with a goat owner named Pablo, obviously.86

What does Maya do?She doesn't run, instead she kicks him where the sun don't shine and slaps him again.22

Time for revenge nerd.17

He Wants Revenge +


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                            7

Description 1

Amanda thought she had found the love of her life.  +

She had everything perfectly planned out; the university she would attend, the car she would drive, the house she would own, the place she would get married and even the money she would earn. 1

Much to her dismay, all her plans went straight down the drain when she caught her golden boy in bed with someone else. 13

She thinks she is the only person who feels absolutely devastated, but she is proven wrong when, one night, a certain bad boy knocks on her door. 1

Now what could a six foot tall, arrogant jerk want from her? Isn't it obvious? +

He wants revenge.17

I'm The Gang Leaders Possession 36


      
  
    
        
    
    
      
        
        
      
    
   


Description +

Aria Daniels has one of the most vivacious personalities ever. She is a crazy teenage girl that is impossibly hard to drag down. 31

So what happens when she finds a letter telling her that her brother has been kidnapped and won't be returned unless she pays sixty thousand dollars?1

She doesn't follow the rules of the letter and get the money. 1

Oh no, in fact, she breaks into the kidnappers base with a bobby pin, steals their cupcakes, paints their abs with white paint and somehow ends up in London with a room full of gang members and a bright pink gun. 58

This is one hell of a crazy story. 14

It Started With A High Top+


      
  
    
        
    
    
      
        
        
      
    
   


Description 60

Anne De Ville accidentally drops her new shoes down the stairs and they hit Hunter Denegan's head – will the bad boy become her prince charming?+

*****+

Anne De Ville is in no way exceptional – or so she thinks. On an ordinary sunny day, Anne decides to go to the closest mall to buy new shoes. Little does she know that she would accidentally drop her new high tops down three flights of stairs and hit Hunter Denegan on the head. What happens when a pair of shoes land on the most popular boy's head, and he turns into prince charming, looking for the girl who lost her shoes?+

Teaching At An All Boys School34


      
  
    
        
    
    
      
        
        
      
    
   


*devil face emoji* ^^^ please play the song above ;) 1.5K

*-*-*   20

Tyson's POV 32

I sit up in bed the next day and smile down at Melody. Her brown hair is spread over her face and she is wearing pajama shorts and a top. 278

She's so beautiful. 53

I move the hair off her face and lean down to softly kiss her lips. Why do I have to love her so much? Why does she have to go? I'm terrified and I'm not even the one that is dying. 100

"Melody." I whisper and shake her shoulder softly. She doesn't move. "Melody." I say, louder. I check her heartbeat by pressing my fingers to her throat. 1.5K

Nothing. 528

I run to the room next door and bang against the wood. Jonathan opens the door, still looking groggy, "Hmm?" he yawns.29

"We have to get Melody to the hospital. Sh-she's not waking up." 435

*-*-*5

Everything started to go really slow, like it was all in really slow motion as I stood outside the hospital room door.  4

Three words. 75

"It's too late." 478

Four words.21

"Melody Carson is dead."1.6K

Five words. 41

"There's nothing we can do." 347

I stare at the doctor as I start feeling dizzy. It feels like I'm falling, like the floor has disappeared and it's an endless darkness. 39

"C-can I see her." I ask the doctor. 247

Melody's mom and brother are already in there but people that aren't family weren't allowed in yet. 42

The doctor nods and I push past him, opening the door. There's only two sound I can hear; my heartbeat and the lonely sound of the monotoned heart rate monitor. 63

Melody's mom is sobbing and gripping tightly onto Melody's pale hand. Her brother is just standing, not blinking. He's just staring at nothing. 404

Melody's mom looks up and nods then drags Jonathan out the room with him, leaving me alone with the only girl that has meant something to me in a long time. 52

The last girl I loved died too; my mom. 543

I choke on my tears, "Melody please, if this is revenge for when I pretended to die then I'm sorry." I sit down on the chair next to her bed and lean my head on her, tears dripping down onto her still body. 379

"You win." I whisper. 287

Nothing. 15

"Wake up!" I scream, shaking her body. Please, I'll do anything.359

"Melody!" I scream, "Cupcake, please?" I beg. 731

It's too late. This isn't an act. This isn't some prank where she wakes up smiling. This is the part where she doesn't wake up. The thing is, she's not the only one that's dying right now. 249

The pain in my chest. It's killing me. It's like I can't breath and everything feels so real. It is real. 70

"Come on," I wipe my finger across her cheek. Her skin is cold and pale and she isn't moving, "Melody if you wake up I'll buy you pizza and I'll watch any Disney movie you want. I'll can't let you die, I need you. I need to kiss you and I need you to fight with me and cuddle with me and stay with me." I stand up and look away from her. 710

It's not real. 10

Maybe it's just a nightmare. 60

"Please stay. I want you to stay with me forever, you can't be taken away from me. Not now. Not today. I'm begging you please stay." 345

Down on my knees I'm begging you please don't leave me.416

"We have to get old and you have to survive because you still haven't given me my hoodies back," I turn to her and laugh through my tears. I need a reaction. 442

Nothing. 36

I back up against the hospital room wall and slide down. My cupcake is gone.193

Melody is gone.168

She's dead.340

Forever.5K

*-*-*250

And I got way to many feels way to much emotion *smirks* I'm so evil O:) 3.2K

Lots of love and jelly tots- TPG199

Tyson's POV  146

It's over. 172

The story is over. 186

Melody is dead. 1.3K

She died five years ago and I have finally accepted it and moved on. Yes, five years is a really long time but sometimes people don't understand.2.5K

They tell you to get over it but sometimes it is okay if you don't. Sometimes you have to take your time to heal and accept. Some people take lifetimes to get over it. 102

If you're trying to get over something then stop. Trust me, I know. My parents are dead and the girl I loved is dead too and I refused to accept it. I pushed my parents deaths away and sometimes it hurt more to try and forget then to let myself cry. 115

I didn't imagine how the relationship would have been. That's not the right thing to do because it will make it worse. 15

I missed her, I mourned for her and I let her go, because just like the ring Melody gave me always reminds me, sometimes you just gave to let it go.524

So take your time and heal the wounds. Let them turn to scars to show that you have lived the way some people don't even get an option to. 53

You can hate me for telling this story and letting it end like this. You can threaten me and scream but it won't change what happened. 382

I once promised a girl something. I promised her that I would share her story and I don't break my promises. 414

So, share a story I shall. 65

This girl is Melody Carson. 205

She believed that she wasn't worth a story but she was so wrong. She wasn't a major celebrity that fell in love with a nobody, she wasn't a nerd that changed the guy and she wasn't a girl that falls in love with the innocent boy next door. 211

No.9

She was way more than that.17

Melody was a girl with cancer. She was just like any other girl. She was normal and she was happy and she went to school everyday, just like any other teenager.309

Her death will not be meaningless. It will never be meaningless. Her death will represent something. It will represent the people that die every single day. 218

They have lives too. Lives that they enjoyed living. They had children and lovers and family and problems but it was their life and they loved it yet they didn't get the option to live because of somebody or something else. 83

There are people that will give anything for a sip of water and we sit here, pretend like everything is okay but it's not. Everything is not okay and people need to see this. They need to realize this. 84

Melody's story is not to make you cry and scream or plan murder, it is to give you the truth.1.7K

It's to show you anything can happen, and it will happen so fast that you don't even realize what happened until it's too late to go back and make it better. 107

So make it better now, before it's too late.97

I hate deaths. I hate writing about people that died and I hate hearing about it and I hate seeing it. This was one of the hardest things I've done but I had to do it. 137

Sometimes you have to have the sad endings so the happy endings can be even better.165

I won't change what happened for the sake of people's emotions. People need to accept what is happening. This is for the people that are way up in the sky, watching us with smiles. To the people that died of cancer or were murdered without a cause. This is to the beautiful people in this world that didn't deserve to die.464

Melody, if you can hear me, then this is for you. This is the promise that I am keeping to you. This is your story that I want to tell the world. 1K

This is a story of a girl that hated the player. 5.5K

                                                  THE END13K

I'm just adding all the books I've written here. Don't worry, none of my other main characters die so you don't have to start getting your tissues out ;) 405

I'm really sorry to the people who didn't like the ending but this is how I wanted it because all my other books are 'happily ever after's and I wanted a change. 575

*-*-*

That Nerd57


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

Description +

Ever broken into Disney World at three in the morning? Ever pranked the police and almost gotten arrested for it?Ever played paintball at the park in nothing but your underwear?56

Maya hasn't. But she is about to...12

Dylan Thompson is the most popular guy in the school and is seeking revenge after Maya slapped him for being a 'pervert'. 15

What would you do if you were Maya?Move to Mexico and change your name to Rico and then proceed to move into an apartment with a goat owner named Pablo, obviously.86

What does Maya do?She doesn't run, instead she kicks him where the sun don't shine and slaps him again.22

Time for revenge nerd.17

He Wants Revenge +


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                            7

Description 1

Amanda thought she had found the love of her life.  +

She had everything perfectly planned out; the university she would attend, the car she would drive, the house she would own, the place she would get married and even the money she would earn. 1

Much to her dismay, all her plans went straight down the drain when she caught her golden boy in bed with someone else. 13

She thinks she is the only person who feels absolutely devastated, but she is proven wrong when, one night, a certain bad boy knocks on her door. 1

Now what could a six foot tall, arrogant jerk want from her? Isn't it obvious? +

He wants revenge.17

I'm The Gang Leaders Possession 36


      
  
    
        
    
    
      
        
        
      
    
   


Description +

Aria Daniels has one of the most vivacious personalities ever. She is a crazy teenage girl that is impossibly hard to drag down. 31

So what happens when she finds a letter telling her that her brother has been kidnapped and won't be returned unless she pays sixty thousand dollars?1

She doesn't follow the rules of the letter and get the money. 1

Oh no, in fact, she breaks into the kidnappers base with a bobby pin, steals their cupcakes, paints their abs with white paint and somehow ends up in London with a room full of gang members and a bright pink gun. 58

This is one hell of a crazy story. 14

It Started With A High Top+


      
  
    
        
    
    
      
        
        
      
    
   


Description 60

Anne De Ville accidentally drops her new shoes down the stairs and they hit Hunter Denegan's head – will the bad boy become her prince charming?+

*****+

Anne De Ville is in no way exceptional – or so she thinks. On an ordinary sunny day, Anne decides to go to the closest mall to buy new shoes. Little does she know that she would accidentally drop her new high tops down three flights of stairs and hit Hunter Denegan on the head. What happens when a pair of shoes land on the most popular boy's head, and he turns into prince charming, looking for the girl who lost her shoes?+

Teaching At An All Boys School34


      
  
    
        
    
    
      
        
        
      
    
   






