Chapter 17

Disclaimer: I do NOT own the twilight books! I don't own any of the characters or anything! I just did this for fun and you can read it. Hope you enjoy! 37

I did write this but I repeat I don't own the characters or anything. Just did it for fun. :)20

STORY-- Bella just moved to Forks, Washington where she has her own place. Something in her dangerous past causes her to pull away from everyone she cares for. To protect them. Can she keep these secrets hidden when she is faced with true love? And she is already a vampire something in her past caused that as well.42

Chapter 1+

My name is Bella Swan. I'm 17 and have been for a while. But I don't like to think of my past now is my future. But why does my past have to follow me around?!?!?!153

 I have to start school tomorrow, and I hate school. It gets boring once you have done it over, and over, and over. And I have to resist all the humans! Uh! I'd rather just eat them.114

Luckily for me, I'm a vampire with powers. I can control my thirst very well, so I'm able to make it through the school day and hunt after. I usually eat humans that I believe are evil and heartless. I don't like killing people, but what else can I do? And what I really love is that my eyes don't get red! They are chocolate brown forever!57

 Another power I have is to hide. If vampires are around they don't know I'm a vampire because I smell like a human. So I can hide from all vampires.36

Over the years, I've gotten a lot of money, so I don't need to work to pay for my hotel. I have a LOT of free time. I taught myself how to play the guitar, and I play it almost every second of everyday, except when I'm hunting.7

 I was playing "I am Iron Man" on the guitar when I glanced at the clock. Dang! I'm half an hour late for my first day at a new school! Oh well.28

Chapter 21

When I arrived human males were looking me up and down. Gross! Maybe I could work this to my advantage... If someone was willing to come to my place. Free lunch!59

I walked into my first class: English. The first scent that hit me was a vampire. Vampire! Someone in this class was a vampire! But who?1

"You must be Miss Swan! Did you get lost? You're almost an hour late!" The filthy human teacher was talking to me.17

"No, I wasn't lost; I just didn't feel like coming on time." The class laughed. I turn to them. Which one was the vampire?8

"Well... I'll excuse you because you're new, but don't let it happen again. Take a seat." The rest of the classes went by slow. I kept getting new vampire scents. There are...3 no! 5 vampires in this school, not counting me.14

Finally, it was lunch time! I grabbed my food and scaned the crowd. Ah! There at the back table there were 5 people all pale and hot. One was small like a midget she had messed up hair that stuck out everywhere. The guy next to her was blond. Beside him was a girl that was really pretty and looked stuck up. Beside her was another guy that was huge!!! He looked really strong. The one that caught my attention the most was the guy with the brownish bronze hair; he was... Really really hot. And he was staring at me.  He looked frustrated.32

"Y-you can sit with me?" Some ugly human male was talking to me. "Im Mike."74

I just walked past him to the vampires. There weren't anymore seats, so I grabbed one and put it between the hot guy and the midget.10

"I'm sitting here." That was all I said. It wasn't a question. They all stared at me like I was on drugs and like they were in pain. Haha probably haven't eaten in a while. This will be fun.62

I flipped my hair towards the midget, and she flinched back. Haha! I love this power. Even though it's a fake scent, it's still strong.8

"So, are you gonna tell me your names or just sit there?" I asked. I douted they could open their mouths.3

But the midget spoke up. "I'm Alice, and this is Jasper." She was strong.8

"I'm Rosalie." The blondie said while flipping her hair. Talk about full of yourself.32

"I'm Emmett!" Wow the big one was loud haha.10

"Edward." Edward the hot one. Wow his voice was.... Wow. Well Jasper you're the weakest, still haven't opened you're mouth; I think I'll play with you.4

"So Jasper, you're in my Spanish class right?" Haha this is hillarious!!! He fidgited in his chair for a second. Yes!3

"I don't know." Dang! He didn't attack!1

"I have it second block. Is that when you have it? Or do you not?" I acted like I was interested in the answer.  He was ridged. Haha attack!!!!1

"He doesn't have it second, he has it third with me." Dang the midget stood up for him! But wait... She was kinda possessive. I made her jealous!! This is so fun!!!24

"Oh! Okay." I gave Jasper a sexy smile, and he squirmed some more. Alice looked like she was gonna rip my head off. Oh well, let's move on. Ah! Blondie looks fun!21

"Oh Rosalie! There's something on your face!!!!" She shreaked.2

"Where?!" Hahahahahaha! I would have been rolling on the ground if I didn't have a role to play.+

"Oh wait, sorry. I thought I saw something, but I guess thats always there. Sorry." Omg!!!! Hahaha her face was priceless!!!!64

"Chill, babe." The big guy, Emmett, muttered too low for human ears. You're turn!!!2

"Huh? Did you call me babe?" Lets see how blondie likes this!24

"Uhh..... No." He looked really shocked.2

"Oh." I leaned towards him "You can if you want."7

Rosalie jumped up; her chair flew to the wall. I gracefully stood up while slowly scooting my chair out. But she just ran out of the room. Dang!! So close!+

So I sat back down. And turned to my next victim: Edward.16

"I'm sorry, did I say something wrong?" I put on my sad face like someone hurt my feelings.1

"No, it's just Rosalie is with Emmett." Duh!!! Haha.+

"I see...." I would have said more, but I was enterupted by the bell.1

I got up and left. That was a good way to end first day of school, so I skipped my classes and went home.77

My Twilight Part 2+

I do NOT own any characters!!! I don't own twilight or anything this is just for fun. Enjoy!!!+

Chapter 3+

I was playing my guitar when the urge hit me. I'm SO thirsty... Need... Food!! 6

I was running down the sidewalk at a human speed, maybe a little faster. There was a guy running with a girl's purse he just stole from her. He was my next meal.+

He turned into an alley. Perfect!!! I grabbed the back of his sweater and lunged him to the ground. He looked terrified, but when he saw I was an innocent girl, he relaxed. +

"Hey, baby." He was trying to be suductive. Ha. This was going to be easy. I kissed him on lips once and pulled him close so I could wisper im his ear.31

"Let's go somewhere more private." He nodded really fast. Sure, I could drag him to my car, but this way is funner when they're willing. He jummped in the passenger side of the car, and I drove. He was wispering a bunch of crap in my ear. I pulled deep into the woods where no one went.7

He looked puzzled. "We're doing it in the woods?" I nodded, and he agreed. Wow, someone is desperate.+

I walked him deep into the woods, then stopped.  I let my senses take over me; this guy was my food, he smells... Yum! I'm ready.+

I pushed him into a tree and sank my teeth into his skin. He screamed in my ear. Aaahhh!!! It felt like heaven to have the warm liquid pour down my throat. I was almost done when I felt pressure on my shoulder, and I was flung off my food onto the ground. 3

I growled so ferociously the trees shook. And I looked up to see.... THEM!!! The filthy vampires I had my fun with! How dare they interrupt me while I eat!!! +

"How dare you!!!!!!!! I'm EATING!!!!" They were all standing ready for a fight, then they recognized me. Well, there goes my fun at school.14

"You!" Rosalie gasped. They were all staring at me with their mouths dropped to the floor.+

"Yess!" I hissed. "Took you all a while to figure out!!! Why, I ask, did you interupt!?! I was busy at the moment!!" These are the dummest vampires ever! 20

"Come home with us." Edward ordered. I temporarily put my guard down. His voice was so soothing so... Safe. Oops shouldn't have put my guard down. They were dragging me to their car now, I'd have to get mine in the morning.7

Chapter 4+

The whole car ride was silent. Why were they doing this, I don't understand.+

----Cullen House-----4

"This is Carlisle and Esme." Omg more!!! How many are there?7

"How many of you are there?" I didn't care if I was mean, they started it.  Well, maybe I did, but still.+

"This is it: my family." Carlisle answered. Family? That sounded nice comfortable...NOOOO!!! I'm not alowd a family! Ever.45

"Hmm...okay, I don't really understand why your FAMILY brought me here. So if you'll explain, I need to get ready for school." Gosh these people are annoying.1

"She feeds on humans!" Rosalie hissed. So!? That's what a vampire does!!!!+

"I see, okay... What's your name dear?" Esme spoke up.+

"Bella" What is the point of this!?1

"Have a seat, Bella." So I did. "You see, we are vegitarions. We only eat animals, and we don't want any issues here. It's to dangerous to have you running around eating people. So I suggest you either leave or come live with us so you can be a vegitarion with us." Carlisle stayed calm and kind through the whole speach.50

Wow. Animals? Leave? Wait, WHAT!!! Is HE threatening ME!!! At that, I laughed.  I laughed good and hard. If I were human, I would have been gasping for air and tears would have been streaming down my face. They all stared at me in shock, but I laughed until I was fully settled down.+

I cleared my throut. "So, let me get this straight. I 1- leave or 2- live with you and eat fruity animals? What about option 3?" I leaned in close to Carlisle.  Uncomfortably close. But he was concentrating on my words. "What if there are options for YOU instead? How about you either 1- leave or 2- get prepared for a fight, cause you'll get one."7

Emmett laughed behind me, clearly thinking he could kill me in one hit, but I had something he didn't: a VERY strong past.3

I stood up and stared him in the face. He tensed for battle.+

"Ooh! Mr bigandstrong thinks he can beat me in battle, but I must warn you because I'm kind. I - CAN - KILL - ANYTHING - AND - ANYONE!!!!! Everything I touch dies!!!! So I have to warn you, if you lay one finger on me you will die!!!!" I looked at Edward his eyes were so deep filled with... Sorrow.  He felt bad for me.  That's when I broke down. I fell to the floor on my knees everyone just stared.104

"I-I kill everything!!!! Everything I care about!!! Even if I love it, it dies!!!!!" Then I began sobbing, but of course no tear came. I felt arms around me, but I didn't have the strength to look who it was. I just grieved. Long and hard.69

My Twilight Part 3+

I don't own any characters or twilight.2

Chapter 54

It felt like the wall I built around my soul broke down in front of the whole family.1

I could have cried for hours, but then it hit me. How am I supposed to look tough if I'm crying?! I don't want to leave, but feed on animals? Ew!!! So I would have to kill them. And I could do it.14

STOP CRYING!!!! I slowly built my wall back up. And I stopped crying. My wall around my soul was back. I stood up, and Edward dropped his arm. Hmm, he was the one trying to comfort me.+

"I can rip you all to shreds. Easily. Trust me in that. I refuse to feed on animals, it seems the most repulsive thing ever. And I won't leave. I like it here and.... I have no where else to go."+

They all just stared at me. Debating, I suppose. Carlisle was the first to speak; he must be the leader.2

"I see. We really don't want to fight. But you can at least attempt our life style. Move in with us, and try our hunting. If you simply can't stand it.... Well, you still need to stay with us so we can keep an eye on you. But you can't hunt in town, you must go across the border." +

"Fine. When should I move in? Is there even room for me? I take up a lot of space." Might as well be honest, I do take up space, and I'm VERY loud. With my guitar and all.+

This time Esme spoke up. "There Is plenty of room! And you can movie in right now, if you like." She seemed excited to have an addition to the family. Wait... I can't be in this family!!' I'm not allowd! 63

"I'm sorry, but I must make this very clear." I turned so they could all see me. "You family is great, I'm happy for you that you guys can work out so great together, but I CAN'T join this family! I can live here, but that doesn't make me a part of your family. Everyone got that?" They nodded. "Great! I'm gonna need some help with all my stuff in my hotel roon. Can someone help me?"11

"I'll help." Edward agreed. Alice whispered sonething in blondie's ear, and they both smiled. Freaks.23

Chapter 6+

We were driving to my hotel. Neither of us spoke.+

"Why do you feel you can't be part of our family?" Well, neither of us spoke till now. Hmm what should I tell him: truth or lie? I looked in his eyes and all I saw was compassion. Truth.+

"Well, I have a.... I guess you could say.... Troubled past and, well I just can't get close to anyone or have a family." Wow I've never told that to anyone.3

"Oh, did you like use to have a family and it went all wrong?" Man this guy has a lot of questions. +

"Um...well....yeah? I guess you could put it like that." The truth was that was way on the mark, but it wasn't family that went wrong. It was my first love. +

I shuddered from the memory; I didn't want to think of my damned past.+

"We're here." When we walked through the door, a thought occurred to me. "Haha the only other time a guy has been in here was for me to eat him! How ironic! That's the reason you're here in the first place."+

He suddered. We grabbed all my things, good thing I haven't found time to unpack yet.3

---Back at the house--+

My room was... Pretty! The walls were purple and blue. My favorite colors. And the bedspread matched it.2

I felt a burrning need inside me all of the sudden. Not to feed this time, but to play. My beloved guitar.+

I grabbed it and went downstairs.  I needed more space to play. I searched the living room. YES! No one was down here. I plopped down on the couch, cleared my throat, and played. +

I played and sung Thunder by GirlsLikeBoys. My favorite song.13

My Twilight Part 3 +

I do not own twilight or characters.+

Chapter 7+

I was so into the music that I didn't hear footsteps behind me. When I finished the last cord of the song, my voice trailed off to an end. I nearly jumped a foot in the air when I heard a chorus of clapping behind me.+

My defensive side was intact, so I flew up and spun around. I held my guitar in my hand like a bat, ready to swing at anyone who tempted me.2

The Cullen crew, Alice, Edward, Esme, Rosalie, and Emmett stood there with their arms raised like I was a police man with a gun. I analyzed the situation for a moment more, and when I saw there was no danger, I lowered my guitar and held it to my chest. 3

"We're sorry, didn't mean to sneak up on you." Edward said while he and everyone lowered their hands. "But we have things to discuss with you."1

That's when Carlisle came down. +

"What is there to discuss?" We all sat down and talked. They told me about their lifestyles and their habits. I was excited to hear Edward played the Piano and he composed/loved music. I was informed of all the Cullen's pasts (*they explain their pasts in the book; I don't want to write them all down*) 17

Now my turn. I told them about my powers.  They were very interested in them since no one had powers like mine, aren't I special?29

"I love music. I taught myself how to play the guitar and how to sing. It's basically my life... All I do is play the guitar, go to school, and feed. It's all that matters to me." I didn't understand why I was being so honest; I should keep this to myself, but... I wanted to tell someone. No. I wanted to tell them. For some reason, I wanted them to trust me. Strange.+

"Yeah music means a lot to me too." That was Edward. Yes, I'm sure he did enjoy it, but know one could feel the longing I feel for it.  It was all I had. At least he had a family; all I have is my guitar.15

"We should play together sometime." I smilled at him. "I've never played with anyone before." He smiled back.+

"That would be cool." Awesome, it's a date. WHAT! No no no no no. It's two friends playing music. That's all.9

We all talked more about each other. I was hoping and praying they wouldn't ask, but of course they did. The awful question. "We have heard a lot of your future, what of your past?" 2

What did I have to say? None of your business? That would be very rude and unwelcoming to do after they told me their pasts. I needed a distraction. +

I glanced at the clock. YES! I've never been more happy for school!!! +

"School starts in half an hour! Shouldn't we get ready?" Emmett laughed+

"Unless your going to Saturday school then no we're not going to school today." Emmett was laughing harder now, it was really irritating.+

"Oh." He started laughing harder. I grabbed the seat with my hands, it was the only thing keeping me from ripping his head off. "I-I-I" I couldn't speak I was so angry. +

Everyone was staring at me as I clung to the seat and grinded my teeth together. By now I was gasping for air, Emmett stopped laughing. 5

After a few minutes, I calmed down and released my death grip. Oops!!! I kinda ruined the chair. +

"Sorry! I'll buy a new one." The midget, Alice squealed. +

"Furniture shopping!" I felt really bad about the chair though.+

"I really am sorry! It's just I have a bad problem with my temper. It's probably the way I was raised. But I've always been like that, sorry." +

"It's fine dear." Esme soothed, and immediately I felt better. +

"What do you mean how you were raised? Do you mean another vampire taught you everything?" Oh man, past questions. I'll have to lie.+

"Um yes. He was like.... A father. But he was a bad person; he trained me how to hunt people and he told me that none of them even deserved to live. He always chained me down and tried to make me as mad as possible, and then he stood where I couldn't reach him and just watched as I begged for freedom! I would wait till I told him that I was his and his only, and then he would unchain me. I could have run.... But I loved him............... As a father." I added. Truth be told, he was no father. He was my first love. I thought he was the one.13

They all stared at me a minute, but then they comforted me.+

"How did you get away?" Edward whispered.+

"I didn't; he did. He left me chained in the dungeon. I had to use all my strength to get out, only to find him.....gone." I told them how he was the one that changed me so we could be together....as father and daughter of course. It was really painful to talk about, but I managed. +

This went on for hours, all of us talking. I learned Edward could read minds, but for some reason mine was sealed. Alice saw the future,and Jasper could change emotions. +

Without even knowing it or trying to, I was becoming part of the family. I loved them all, and I was putting them all in danger. My master from years ago was not just in my past, but he was in my future as well; always following me. Even Alice wouldn't be able to predict what was going to happen. What had I gotten myself into now?4

My Twilight Part 5 +

Hey guys I'm just writing this story for fun. I don't own any characters or Twilight.+

Please vote and comment.13

Chapter 915

After we were done talking, I excused myself and went to my room. I had a lot to think about. I loved this family, but I was putting them all in danger. I should leave.+

The idea pained me. I was really to attached to them, but maybe it wouldn't be that bad. Maybe my past would stay in my past. However, I couldn't count on it.5

I grabbed my guitar to play. It always soothes me. I played and sung The Climb by Miley Cirus. Even though they weren't with me, I could tell the whole family was listening.6

After about five songs, I heard a knock at my door. I stopped playing.+

"Come in." Edward walked in.  He had an apologetic smile. +

"Sorry to bother you. Alice is dragging everyone on a shopping trip, she wants you to come." Urg! Shopping was my least favorite thing. I wondered if there was anyway to get out of this....+

"It's not going to work!!! You're coming!!!" I heard ... dang, I forgot her name.... The midget yelled. Of course, she would have seen my plans.15

"Okay, well, I guess I'm going." I said to Edward while rolling my eyes. He gave me a crooked smile, and I stopped breathing. Omg. He is....hot! No, I can't think like that. We walked down the stairs in silence, I was glad he couldn't read my mind; my thoughts would have made him run off.7

The midget was jumping up and down in excitment. She must love to shop.+

"Bella!" She screamed and ran over to me. She grabbed my hand and pulled me out the door. "I'm going to buy you a whole new wardrobe!! You will look awesome!" I groaned. Great! (Note the sarcasm)+

5 hours passed, and we were still shopping. Now, we were at a dress store. Me, Alice, and Rosalie. All the guys were buying tuxedos. +

"Again, I'll ask: why do we need dresses?" I was confused; was there a party going to happen? +

Alice sighed "Bella, a girl can NEVER have enough dresses! Who knows what will come up!!" That made me realize what occation was coming up.1

"Oh! I just remembered! My birthday is in two months." Alice screamed, and Rosalie smiled.5

"You know what this means, right?!" Alice asked.+

"Um...no. What does it mean?" Alice sighed.+

"It means we have to get you the most amazing dress ever and have an amazing party!" Rosalie stated in a way that sounded like DUH!+

They had me try on dress after dress and ended up buying them all. They said we could just choose one when the party was closer.12

We met up with the guys when we were done. No one wanted to go home, so we decided to go for a walk in the park. When we got there, Alice and Jasper walked off holding hands, and Rosalie and Emmett did the same. Me and Edward were left together. We walked by the lake, the sun was an orange color as it began to set over the horizon. 4

I looked up at him only to see him staring at me. We both looked away embarrassed.+

I cleared my throat to ease the awkwardness. "So... how did you learn to play the piano." I just asked a random question. I felt like an idiot.4

"I learned on my own. It takes more time that way, but I have a lot of time on my hands." He smiled at me, and I looked away before I started to hyperventilate. +

"Yeah, I learned to play the guitar on my own too. I have had....a lot of time to learn." A look of curiosity crossed his face. +

"You never did tell us...how long have you been a vampire?" I stopped walking, and he did the same. Should I tell him? No. Instead I laughed and began walking again.+

"Edward." It was strange how his name rolled of my tongue, I liked to say it. "Haven't you heard it's rude to ask a woman how old she is." He laughed too. 8

After that, our conversation went easy. It was fun to talk to him; he was really interesting. We talked about everything, our likes and our dislikes. It was amazing. We talked until the sun dropped over the Earth and the moon took its place, we walked back to the car. 1

In my head, I cursed the sun for dropping so fast. I could talk to Edward forever and never get bored; I wanted to talk to him more, but we were already on our way home. It was awkward on the car ride home.+

Rosalie and Emmett were both in the back seat making out. Alice and Jasper were also in the back seat, they were holding hands and staring into each others eyes which was someone worse. 14

I was in the passenger seat, and Edward was driving. I kept looking over at him. He seemed to be concentrating very hard on the road for some reason. I couldn't help but let my imagination take over. I imagined the feel of his lips on mine. I imagined running my hands through his hair and pulling his body close. He would kiss my neck and find my weak spot, then I would giggle. And he would smile, because he loved my laugh. I imagined him putting his lips to my ear and wispering 'I love you' before he put his lips to my neck again. I could feel how his lips would part and his teeth would sink into my skin.12

Then I snapped out of my imagining. My eyes went wide, and my mouth fell open. I just remember something; I wasn't imagining me with Edward, I was remembering a human memory. I was remembering when my first love changed me. +

I screamed. Emmett and Rosalie flew apart and stared at me as did Alice and Jasper. Edward almost swerved off the road. Now they were all looking at me.3

I was shaking uncontrollably. I couldn't believe what I had just remembered. THE ONE; I saw him in my mind, I saw his loving face. I remembered him kissing me, saying he loved me. I remembered him bite me. +

By now, I was gasping for air while still shaking. Edward pulled the car over and grabbed my shoulder.+

"Bella! Bella, what is it? What's wrong?" I was beyond the point of answering; I was in shock. I tried to rid all the memories of him, but this one was so clear so happy. I couldn't believe that girl back then was me. But I had to snap out of it; they were all worried about me. +

I took a deep breath to calm down. I stopped shaking. +

"S-sorry guys. I'm fine. You can keep going." They were all frozen for a moment before Edward started the car again. 3

I knew they would be wanting an explination when we got back. I would have to lie.4

My Twilight Part 6+

Hey guys! I know I haven't posted in a really long time. It's mainly because I'm not getting that many votes :( but I decided to do this part. Please vote and comment and give suggestions! They are a lot of help! Thanks! 8

Chapter 103

The rest of the ride was in complete silence. I prefer it that way. I was actually getting nervous when we pulled up to the house. Oh no, interrogation time. How could I explain screaming randomly and shaking like crazy? I can't. I don't want to lie, but my past is a tale left untold.+

I went into the living room and sat on the long leather couch. Edward sat beside me in silence. Everyone filed into the room in silence and sat down looking at me. I said nothing, I'm definitely not going to speak first. +

"Well Bella, it seems like you owe us an explanation." Alice spoke up. At that moment, Esme and Carlisle came in the room.2

"Owe you an explanation for what?" Esme asked. Now their whole family was looking at me. If I could, I would have been blushing like crazy. +

"Um..." I thought of a million lies at once, but none of them was good enough. If I can't lie, yet I can't tell the truth, what am I to do? "I don't like lying to you guys. I like you. But if you really want an explanation, then it will have to be a lie." I don't know what made me say that, but it's the truth. +

Alice huffed, and Carlisle stared at me curiously. +

"Why can't you tell the truth?" Carlisle asked. +

"Because he would kill you." I threw my hands over my mouth. Omg! Please tell me I did not just say that!!! The stared at me in confusion and horror. Oops. Emmett just looked excited.18

"Who will Bella?" Edward asked. He looked really concerned. I just shook my head, my hands still covering my mouth. Carlisle knelt down in front of me; he looked me straight in the eyes.+

"Bella, you can tell us. If something is a danger to you, it concerns all of us. Whether you realize it or not, your part of this family now. We all care about you; we want to help in anyway possible. We protect our family at any cost." His words hit me like a bulldozer. I'm part of this family? I can't; I should leave. I'm risking their lives. 9

"Carlisle.....your family is so good to me. Too good. I don't deserve to be in your family. I've done things, seen things, you couldn't even come up with in your darkest nightmares. Now, how I pay for my bad deeds is by being alone, forever." He looked at me, his eyes filled with compassion. +

"Bella, whatever has happened is in the past. We don't judge you by that. We like you for who you are. You need to trust us." I looked at all of them. They were all nodding in agreement. I do trust them, I do. I just don't trust myself; I'm not good enough.1

"I-I-I." I sighed. "I don't know what to say. I want to tell you everything but-but it's too risky. I'm sorry; I would tell you if I could." He nodded. 1

There was an awkward silence before Emmett spoke up. "Dang! I was looking forward to a fight!" He pouted, and Rosalie hit him in the back of the head.4

"Well Emmett, if you wanna fight so bad....I'll fight you." I heard a couple gasps in the room, but Emmett just smiled. +

"Bring it!!!" He jumped up, and started for the door.+

"Not so fast Emmett." He turned around to looked at me curiously. "If I win, you have to let Alice and me pick your outfit for school tomorrow." He stared at me in disbelief. 6

"You're kidding me?" His mouth was hung open. I laughed at his expression. +

"Okay little sis! But if I win, we are going to play Truth or Dare!!!" He proposed. He had an evil grin on his face. 5

"Sure, Emmett." We all walked outside, and me and Emmett got into position. +

He lunged at me, and I stepped to the side just in time. He landed head first in the ground, creating a huge hole in the dirt. He growled, and I laughed. +

"Come on, Emmett! Is that the best you got?" I taunted him by circling around his now dirty face. I felt adrenaline pulse threw me, and I leaped on top of Emmett. He tumbled to the ground, and I pressed my mouth to his throat as he thrashed around below me. Just as I was about to bite him, I jumped off and stood up straight.2

"Well Emmett, it looks as if I win." He growled, and I smiled. I turned around to see everyone staring at me.+

"What?" I asked suddenly, feeling very intimidated. +

"You beat Emmett first try! That's amazing!" Alice screeched. I smiled at her.8

"And this means we get to pick out his outfit!" I smiled at her and winked, indicating I wanted something that would humiliate him. She screamed and jumped up and down. +

Suddenly, Emmett was behind me. "Dang, I really wanted to play truth or dare!" He pouted. I just laughed at him.+

"I don't care Emmett; we can play truth or dare if you want." He screeched and jumped up and down just like Alice did. I laughed along with everyone else.1

"Let's play!" He yelled, then ran inside. Everyone went in but me and Edward. +

We walked slowly to the door.+

"You have no idea what you just got yourself into." Edward laughed. I began to wonder if playing Truth or Dare was such a good idea.5

~~~~OK well that was part 6! Next chapter will be Truth or Dare! Trust me, truth or dare with Emmett is not pleasant! Everyone please vote and comment! I'll have more intimate stuff with Edward and Bella soon. I may even introduce some wolves..... VOTE AND COMMENT!!~~~4

My Twilight Part 7 +

Vote and comment! Thanks! Read my other story 'My Turf.' If you like this one, you'll like that one. Ready for truth or dare with Emmett! Haha +

Disclamer: If I could have anything in the world??? I would own Twilight!!!! But sadly, I don't :( Stephanie Meyer does.3

Chapter 11+

When I walked inside, everyone was already seated except Carlisle and Esme.+

"Where did Carlisle and Esme go?" I asked. Emmett laughed, and Jasper looked at the ground.+

"Last time we played it got a little too intense for them." Emmett said while laughing. He playfully punched Jasper, and Jasper sent him a death glare. I guess Emmett dared him something bad... Oh no, this isn't going to be good.2

I sat in between Edward and Alice. Alive sat next to Jasper. Jasper sat next to Emmett, and Emmett sat next to Rose. We were in a big circle on the floor.9

"Okay, here's the rules: you can only back out twice, and if you back out you get the other thing. For example, if you back out of a dare then you have to do truth. I'll go first." Emmett smiled, and looked around the group for his victim. I yawned playfully, and he turned his gaze on me. He had an evil grin on his face.+

He was staring at me when he said "Bella truth or dare." +

I thought for a moment. He could ask me about my past if I say truth, but if I say dare, he could make me do anything.+

"Dare." I finally decided. His grin got bigger; I obviously chose what he hoped I would.+

"I dare you to kiss Edward on the lips." He stated. My mouth dropped open. No. Way. It would be weird to kiss him, wouldn't it? Urg! It doesn't help that I want to kiss him. I want to really bad. But I'm sure Edward would feel uncomfortable; I don't want to mess up our friendship. I looked to Emmett, and he was watching me expectantly. I sighed.7

"Pass." Emmett huffed.+

"Fine, but now you only have one pass left. Okay, so now I have to ask you a truth question..." He thought a second before grinning. "Have you ever been in love before?" +

Ugh! What's up with him and asking personal stuff! I sighed again. I can't use my second pass, I might need it.1

"Yes." I looked at the floor, trying to keep the memories from flooding into my mind. "Okay, my turn!" I looked around the group, and my gaze landed on Rosalie. Payback time Emmett.+

"Rosalie truth or dare?" She glared at Emmett before looked at me.+

"Dare." I smiled. Good.+

"Alright, I dare you to run over Alice's new prada bag with Emmett's Jeep." Rosalie looked worried. She looked over at Alice as did I. Alice glared at me.10

Rosalie excepted the dare, and she grabbed Alice's prada bag. Rose ran outside and we all followed. She layed the bag on the cement floor and got in Emmett's jeep. Alice clung to Jasper for dear life. As Rose ran over the bag, a loud crunching noise was heard. Alice whimpered and hid her face in Jasper's chest. 1

When we got the bag, it was torn in half. Alice would have been crying if she could. When everyone was seated inside, Alice was still giving me a death glare.+

"Ok my turn." Rosalie sighed. "Alice truth or dare." +

"Truth." Alice said fast. She was obviously scared more of her stuff would get ruined. Rosalie huffed.+

"Fine. Have you ever had a vision of you and Jasper having sex before you did it?" Alice looked at the floor embarrassed.+

"Yeah." Everyone laughed except me. I don't really see what's so funny about it. "Okay! My turn!!" Alice glared at me, and I gulped. Oh great, payback time.+

Alice was glaring at me when she spoke. "Truth or dare..." She was still looking at me. "Edward?" Everyone was surprised because she didn't look at him once.  She was, in fact, still glaring at me.+

"Um. Dare?" Edward said it like a question, he was obviously surprised.+

"I dare you to call Tanya and tell her you have always loved her and you will go on a date with her tonight." Edward gasped, and his mouth hung open. Rage pulsed threw me. Who is TANYA! Does he like her?! Why do I care so much? Alice gave me a strange look. 3

"Who is Tanya?" I asked. I couldn't keep the anger from leaking into my words. +

"Tanya is a vampire who has always loved Edward." Alice stated while handing the phone to Edward. "Oh and Edward, put it on speaker phone." 2

Edward dialed a number and we could hear the dialtone before someone answered.+

"Hello?" Her voice was high and pretty; it sounded amazing.  I couldn't help but feel jealous. +

"Um. Hey Tanya, it's Edward.  Edward Cullen." +

"Oh!!! Hey Ed." Ed! She has a nickname for him! They must have a history...2

"Yeah, I was just...um... I wanted to tell you that I love you and would you like to go on a date tonight?" Tonight! Wow. Maybe he likes her... That idea made me angry and sad at the same time.+

"Yeah!! Omg! I love you too Eddie! I can't wait! Love ya, bye!"3

"Bye." Edward pressed the end button and threw the phone at Alice. Edward ran upstairs to get ready for his date. This day is not going good.2

---Next chapter is Edward's date with Tanya! Vote vote vote comment comment comment!!!--7

My Twilight Part 8+

Vote and comment! I hope you like the chapter, I do! Lol+

Chapter 12+

I listened as Edward put on new clothes upstairs after his shower. Everyone was silent while Edward was upstairs. Alice was still staring at me but not a death glare anymore, more like she was evaluating my actions. Emmett's sudden huff made me jump. +

"I wanted to keep playing! We never even finished!" He whined. I only laughed at him.+

"We can play while Edward's on his date?" I offered. I was begging for a distraction, just the thought of sitting here bored thinking about Edward and his date all night had my hands clinched in fists at my sides.+

"NO!" Alice screamed at me. I was slightly taken aback. I guess she's still angry with me. "Were going on the date with him. Well not exactly with him, were going to be in another booth and Tanya won't know." +

"Well we can play truth or dare at the restaurant, it's not like we'll be eating." I regretted the words as soon as they left my lips. Imagine Emmett at a restaurant playing truth or dare, the possibilities are endless.+

Suddenly, Edward appeared at the bottom of the staircase dressed in all black. He looked gloomy; I guess Tanya must like the color black. He walked out the front door without a word. Before he stepped out, he looked at me once; his eyes were so deep, I felt I could faint. He got in his car, and we followed in Alice's. 3

We stopped at a quaint little restaurant that had many people. We watched from a distance as Tanya approached Edward. Her long blond hair flowed down her back. She was wearing a pink mini skirt with a white blouse that showed a lot of cleavage. She hugged him silently, and they walked into the restaurant. They took a booth at the left side, and we got one at the right. Both tables ordered random food and left it untouched. Tanya gave a disgusted glance at Edward's attire before starting a conversation about random events of the past. +

"Alright, they're not making out or anything interesting, so lets begin our game." Emmett said rubbing his hands together for exaggeration. "It would be Edward's turn but he's... busy. Jasper hasn't gone yet, so looks like it's your turn bro." Emmett nudged Jasper.+

"Bella, truth or dare." Jasper asked me. I haven't had a chance to talk to him at all so who knows what he could ask. +

"Um... dare...I think." He smiled and glanced at Alice before speaking.+

"I dare you to sing the next song for karaoke." I was surprised I hadn't even realized there was karaoke. +

"But don't we need to stay hidden so Tanya doesn't see us?" I asked.+

"She doesn't know you." Alice stated. I huffed before standing and walking to the stage. Some girl was singing Sweet Home Alabama, and I just pushed her off the stage. I whispered the song to the man running the karaoke and slowly the song began. 'One Time' by Justin Bieber, the new girl's version.4

"Me plus you, I'm a tell you one time6

Me plus you, I'm a tell you one time+

Me plus you, I'm a tell you one time+

One Time+

One Time+

When I met you boy my heart went knock knock+

Now them butterflies in my stomach wont stop stop+

And even though it's a struggle love is all we got+

So we gonna keep keep climbin till the mountain top+

Your world is my world+

And my fight is your fight+

My breath is your breath+

And your heart (I got my)+

Chorus:+

Your my One love+

My one heart+

My one life for sure+

Let me tell you one time (boy I love, boy I love you)+

I'm a tell you one time (boy I love, boy I love you)+

And I'm a be your one girl+

You'll be my #1 guy always makin time for you+

I'm'a tell you one time (boy I love, boy I love you)+

I'm'a tell you one time (boy I love, boy I love you)+

You look so deep+

You know that it humbles me+

Your by my side and troubles them don't trouble me+

Many have called but the chosen is you+

Whatever you want shawty I'll give it to you3

Your world is my world+

And my fight is your fight+

My breath is your breath+

And your heart (I got my)+

Chorus:+

Your my One love+

My one heart+

My one life for sure+

Let me tell you one time (boy I love, boy I love you)+

I'm a tell you one time (boy I love, boy I love you)+

And I'm a be your one girl+

You'll be my #1 guy always makin time for you+

I'm'a tell you one time (boy I love, boy I love you)+

I'm'a tell you one time (boy I love, boy I love you)+

Shawty right there+

he's got everything I need and I'm a tell him one time+

One Time, One Time+

Give you everything you need down to my last dime+

he makes me happy+

I know where I'll be+

Right by your side cuz he is the one+

And boy +

You're my One love+

My one heart+

My one life for sure+

Let me tell you one time (boy I love, boy I love you)+

I'm a tell you one time (boy I love, boy I love you)+

And I'm a be your one girl+

You'll be my #1 guy always makin time for you+

I'm a me tell you one time (boy I love, boy I love you)+

I'm a tell you one time (boy I love, boy I love you)+

Me plus you, I'm a tell you one time+

Me plus you, I'm a tell you one time+

Me plus you, I'm a tell you one time+

One Time+

One Time..."+

	When I looked at Edward he was staring at me with his mouth hung open. Tanya was giving me a death glare. I could hardly breath, that song, that song.....it was all for Edward. I think I've fallen for him, this can't be happening!11

My Twilight Part 9 +

Vote and Comment! =)+

Chapter 13+

I slowly descended the stage and took my seat with the others. I looked at Tanya and felt a stab of jealousy; she can have anyone she's so beautiful. She can even have Edward.+

That's when I noticed her expression, and I realized my mistake. I shouldn't have sat back down with the Cullens because now she knows that they're here, watching her. By her expression, I could tell she was smart enough to discover what was really going on. +

She stood straight up and dashed out of the restaurant, still managing to look amazing. +

Edward sullenly rose from his table and sat down next to me. Alice had an evil grin, and I couldn't help but have a feeling she set this all up.2

"That wasn't very nice." He said, facing me. So he thought I DID THIS? It was a dare! I didn't plan it! Instead of saying this. I was cruel. I don't know what came over me, but with the image of Tanya fresh in my mind, I was cruel.+

"What does it matter to you? She looked like a filthy slut!" It just slipped out of my mouth before I could realize what i was saying.14

"A-A-A SLUT?" He shuddered in anger. "She isn't a slut! If anyone is, it's you!" The words hit me like a whip lash. I sat there a few seconds waiting for the anger to overflow my body, waiting for it to consume me and make me crush his face into the table top, but it never came. Instead, it was three times worse. 6

I felt a searing pain flow through my torso; a pain so excruciating, I wanted to scream bloody murder. I hadn't felt a pain so intense since I was ditched in the dungeon by..... him.+

I looked around the table and evaluated everyone's expression. Alice's mouth hung open in horror, her plan obviously failed. Emmett looked ready to get in the middle of a fight, Jasper had his eyes closed holding Alice's hand, he looked like he was lit on fire and I couldn't understand why. And Rosalie looked happy, glad even, I had a feeling she didn't like me. 1

I slowly arose and walked back up to the stage, my one peaceful place in the world. I grabbed the speaker, ready to pour my heart out. 7

"Hello, everyone." I began my speech, all heads turned in my direction. "I'm going to sing a song that represents every girl's life. The way guys hurt us, the way everyone has been hurt. And the way... we can't resist it, the way we love it." I could hear echos of agreement murmur through the crowd. I told the DJ the music to play and slowly it began. 9

"That's how much I love you+

That's how much I need you+

And I can't stand ya+

Must everything you do make me wanna smile+

Can I not like it for awhile+

No.. but you won't let me+

You upset me boy, then you kiss my lips+

All of a sudden I forget that I was upset+

Can't remember what you did+

Well I hate it+

You know exactly what to do+

So that I can't stay mad at you+

For too long, that's wrong+

Boy, I hate it+

You know exactly how to touch+

So that I don't wanna fuss and fight no more+

So I despise that I adore+

And I hate how much I love you boy1

I can't stand how much I need you+

And I hate how much I love you boy+

But I just can't let you go+

And I hate that I love you so..+

And you completely know the power that you have+

The only one that makes me laugh+

Sad and it's not fair how you take advantage of the fact that I+

Love you beyond the reason why+

And it just ain't right+

And I hate how much I love you boy+

I can't stand how much I need you+

And I hate how much I love you boy+

But I just can't let you go+

And I hate that I love you so+

One of these days maybe your magic won't affect me+

And your kiss won't make me weak+

But no one in this world knows me the way you know me+

So you'll probably always have a spell on me+

That's how much I love you+

How much I need you+

That's how much I need you+

That's how much I love you+

That's how much I need you+

And I hate that I love you so--+

And I hate how much I love you boy+

I can't stand how much I need you+

And I hate how much I love you boy+

But I just can't let you go+

And I hate that I love you so+

And I hate that I love you so.. so.."+

The song Hate That I Love You By Rihanna ended. The crowd roared and a few girls were crying, obviously remembering past relationships. +

The crowd screamed at me to sing again. I didn't want to face the awkward table in the back, so I nodded my head in agreement. Everyone clapped, but only one table caught my eye. The Cullen's were clapping, they wanted me to sing. +

"This is Kiss The Girl By: Ashley Tisdale." I cleared my throut.6

" There you see her+

Sitting there across the way+

She don't got alot to say+

But there's something about her+

And you don't know why+

But you're dying to try+

You wanna kiss girl.+

Yes, you want her+

Look at her, you know you do+

It's possible she wants you too+

There's one way to ask her+

It don't take a word, not a single word+

Go on and kiss the girl (kiss the girl)+

Shalalalala+

My oh my+

Looks like the boy's too shy+

Ain't gonna kiss the girl+

Shalalalala+

Ain't that sad+

it's such a shame+

Too bad, you're gonna miss the girl+

go on and kiss the girl (kiss the girl)+

Nows your moment+

Floating in a blue lagoon+

Boy, you better do it soon+

The time will be better+

She don't say a word+

And she wont say a word+

Until you kiss the girl (kiss the girl)+

Shalalalala+

My oh my+

Looks like the boy's too shy+

Ain't gonna kiss the girl+

Shalalalala+

Ain't that sad+

it's such a shame+

Too bad, you're gonna miss the girl+

Shalalalala+

Don't be scared+

You better be prepared+

Go on and kiss the girl+

Shalalalala+

Don't stop now+

Don't try to hide it how+

You wanna kiss the girl+

Go on and kiss the girl+

(kiss the girl)+

(oh, ohnoo..)+

(kiss the girl, kiss the girl)+

Lalalala, Lalalala+

Go on and kiss the girl+

Lalalala, Lalalala+

Go on and kiss the girl+

Shalalalala+

My oh myyyyy+

Looks like the boy's too shy+

Ain't gonna kiss the girl+

Shalalalala+

Ain't that sad+

it's such a shame+

Too bad, you're gonna miss the girl+

Lalalala, Lalalala+

(Go on and kiss the girl)+

Go on and kiss that girl!+

Lalalala, Lalalala+

(Go on and kiss the girl)+

Go on and kiss the girl+

Kiss the girl+

(Kiss the girl)+

Go on and kiss the girl"11

The word were so true to me. I wanted him to kiss me. Instead of walking to the back table, I walked out to the alleyway. The dumpsters overflowed and spilled the disgusting trash onto the uneven pavement. But the air was fresh, so I took in gulps of air. I hadn't fed in way too long. +

"Bella." I heard an angelic voice call to me from the door. I turned sharply around, and my face collided with a rock hard chest covered by a thin T-shirt. +

"Edward." I sighed and all my muscles relaxed. I felt too safe and comfortable with him.+

"Bella, I'm sorry. I didn't mean what I said." His voice was sincere, and I believed him. I nodded my head. A few seconds ticked by before Edward layed his hand my my cheek. It felt good, so I leaned into it. He slowly brought his head down to mine.4

Ever so slowly, he rested his cold lips onto mine. The sensation was amazing, like floating. We stayed in our own peaceful bubble for a little over a minute before he took my hand and led me back into the dinner.8

My Twilight Part 102

~~~~Hey guys sorry I'm such a slow writer. :( I have been VERY busy lately, and I just didn't have enough time to write anything. I hope you will forgive me DX. +

Okay, so remember last thing that happened: Bella discovered she had feelings for Edward, and he kissed her next to the dumpsters (lol).~~~~2

Chapter 14+

I couldn't believe what just happened. What I allowed to happen. As Edward led me back into the dinning room by his hand, I couldn't help the shots of adrenaline I felt from his touch. +

As we approached the table, Alice bounced up in down in her chair as she saw our fingers locked together.6

"YAY!!!!!" Alice screamed, causing the whole room to look in our direction. She jumped up and hugged both me and Edward. +

"I saw this was going to happen." She whispered in my ear before winking and dashing back to her seat. Me and Edward followed her, sitting side by side. We were so close, I felt the electricity running through my hands and through my body. I'd never felt this sensation before, and when it got stronger, I got a little scared.+

The sensation got even stronger, and with each passing moment it grew. It didn't hurt, not at all, but it scared me because it felt like it was coming from my heart: my dead broken heart. 5

The last time I felt this I was human, and sickly in love with..... him.9

"Bella." My head shot up and met Jasper's eyes. He looked panicked. I cleared my throat before answering. +

"Yes?" I shook my head trying to rid the panic that was rising in my chest. +

"Why are you so afraid and panicked?" He asked concerned. His words hit me like a wrecking ball. I forgot he could sense my emotions. I took a deep breath. What could I tell him? I told all of them the man who turned me was a father figure. How could I begin to explain how I really felt towards him, what I'm feeling at this moment.+

"For one, I don't like that people are still looking at us thanks to Alice, and also I think people are starting to notice that we aren't eating." I looked at the food in front of me, cold and untouched. +

"She's right we need to leave." Edward stated. His voice sent a shiver down my spine.+

"Wait! Were not leaving until all of you promise that we will play truth or dare more when we get home." Emmett stated. He cracked his knuckles as if daring anyone to say no. +

Everyone nodded there head, and we all left. I was walking to Alice's car when I felt a hand grabbed my arm. I slung around and hissed at the person's face. I was confronted with Edward's shocked expression. All signs of my anger vanished and that tingling in my body returned.3

"I'm sorry I startled you. Would you like to ride in my car?" He asked, his face was only inches from mine. I could feel his warm breath slide against my cheek. All I could do was nod, all the clear thoughts in my mind became jumbled. As we climbed in his car, I noticed how he gently closed his door and softly tampered with his radio. This car must be important to him. I looked at my feet. My shoes were leaving dirt and scuff marks all over his clean white carpet. I had never felt so misplaced in my life. 2

"I'm sorry." I whispered. I didn't even think about what I was saying it just came out. +

"For what? You've done nothing wrong." He looked at me his face masked in confusion. +

"It's just..." I didn't even think about what I was saying as the words rushed out. "I'm sorry I intruded on your family and took up space in your home. I'm sorry I've lied to you time and time again. I'm sorry I've killed too many people to count. I'm sorry I lied about my past. I'm sorry that I ruined your date today by making Tanya mad. I'm sorry I lied to Jasper about why I was scared. I'm sorry I ruined Esme's chair by having one of my stupid anger flashes. I'm sorry I ran out into the dumpsters after singing about you. I'm sorry that I don't really like Rosalie. I'm sorry I can't control my mind and emotions when I'm around you. I'm sorry I fell for you, which was a stupid mistake because you've already got Tanya. I'm sorry I left scuff marks and dirt all over your perfectly clean car. And most of all, I'm sorry I got all of you guys involved with me. By me doing that, I risked all of your lives." I looked at my feet. It all rushed out, and I couldn't control the sob that escaped my lips. I broke down, sobs racking my whole chest. I wished the tears to come, but they couldn't. I barely noticed the car pulling to the side of the road. If I hadn't been a vampire, I wouldn't have noticed his arms wrapping me around the waist. 26

Edward pulled me onto his lap and cradled me as the sobs slowly subsided. I looked up to see Edward had a goofy grin on his face. +

"What?" I croaked out. +

"You. You make me happy. Tanya isn't anything to me other than an annoying friend. I'm falling for you too. I don't care what mistakes you've made or are making." I could see in his eyes he meant every word he said. "Bella." He brushed a lock of my hair out of my face. "I think I'm falling for you."29

~~~~~~~~~comment and vote~~~~~~~~~~+

My Twilight Part 113

------Hey guys! I'm actually uploading pretty fast! :) Aren't you proud of me! Lol Anyway, I hope you like the next part.  I decided it's time to introduce some new characters and some more drama :P.8

Enjoy, Comment, and Vote!!------1

Chapter 15+

I couldn't believe my ears. How could someone as perfect as Edward fall for a girl like me? I'm no where near good enough for him. 7

As I gazed into his eyes, I couldn't help but lift my hand and run it down the side of his perfect face. He closed his eyes as I traced the pattern of his eyebrow, under his eyes, his cheeks, his lips....+

That's when his eyes shot open. I pulled my hand away from his lip, thinking+

I must have gone too far. He grabbed my hand as I pulled it away.+

"You have no idea how good that feels."2

He said as he placed my hands on his cheeks, while holding them in place with his own hands.+

After he said that, my control snapped. I hungrily pressed my lips to his. It took him a moment before he began kissing me back. The kiss was amazing and fierce. We both parted, gasping for unneeded air. He rested his forhead against mine as we gazed into each other's eyes.7

"Edward..." I began. I didn't know how to tell him, how to explain my past. It's not fair to him to know nothing about the real me.+

"Yes?" His eyes smothered me. In that moment, I knew exactly what to say.+

"Edward a long, long, time ago when I was human, I met a guy and he changed me; his name was..." I was interrupted by a cell phone ringing.+

"Hello?" Edward answered. I could hear Alice's frantic voice on the other line.  When Edward slammed his phone shut and sped the car forward. I knew something was wrong, very wrong. What if HE showed up?! What if HE hurt them?! My breathing became erratic as the multiple possibilities ran threw my mind.+

"Bella, Bella! Calm down. Everything is alright, there's just a small situation at the house. It's fine." His voice soothed me enough to control my breathing. +

As soon as we parked the car in the driveway, Edward and I jumped out and ran inside.+

Emmett had a huge goofy grin on his face, while everyone else looked stressed... Especially Alice. +

"So?" Edward asked.+

"They'll be here any minute." She answered.+

"Who?!" I couldn't help but let the frustration leak into my voice. Alice didn't have a chance to answer because the front door was swung open.+

I couldn't control the loud gasp that escaped my lips. He looked at me and gasped as well. +

"Jacob Black?"12

"Bella, is that you?" His voice was huskier then I remembered.+

I ran to him and closed him into a breathtaking hug. I ignored the horrible burning smell that radiated off his skin, and I clung to him for dear life. I didn't even notice when I started sobbing, but before I knew it, Jacob was comforting me and holding me as the sobs wracked through my torso. Finally, in what felt like forever, I stopped crying and began to calm down.+

"Bella, I thought I'd never see you again." I looked up at Jake to see a single tear leave his eye. I envied that tear, now all I can do is dry sob. 5

"Jake, have a seat." I heard a hiss behind me; I'm pretty sure it came from Rosalie.+

"I don't think I'm welcome here Bella." Jacob said, his voice emotionless.+

I had comepletely forgotten about the Cullens. I turned to see that all of them looked shocked, and Edward looked mad and hurt. +

"Why wouldn't you be Jake? What's going on?" No one answered, and the rage that filled me was beyond what I'd felt in a long time.+

I let out a roar that shook the walls.4

"Dang Bell's! Last time I remember you, you were as shy as a turtle. You could never have let a scream like that back then." He laughed and shook his head.+

"And last time I remember you, you hated vampires!!!" My voice came out as a minicing hiss. It was scary enough to raise the hears on the back of my neck. Jake sighed and looked at his feet. I hissed again. At that point, I couldn't control it. The anger that pulsed through me was too strong. Anger for my past with Jacob, anger for him not feeling welcome because I was here, and mainly anger that he would be friends with these vampires and not me.+

I only had a moment to panic. I fully understood what was about to happen to me. My anger causes me to lose control, and being as strong as I am... I destroy. When I lose control, a whole new person overcomes me. Sometimes, I don't even remember what happened after I gain my control back. It's too strong for me, much to strong. In a split second, my control snapped.+

I roared again, this time it was even more menacing and strong. I grabbed onto the back of Esme's favorite love seat and ripped it in two pieces. I felt a strong hand grab onto my shoulder to retrain me. The hand was warm, very warm, so I knew it was Jacob. I grabbed his hand and pulled my face close to his. When I spoke, it wasn't my voice. The voice was low, manly. I would recognise that voice anywhere, it was.... HIS voice.+

"Hello, Jacob. Looks like I won, no one would ever choose a MUT like you over a guy like ME. Bella will ALWAYS be MINE!" Once the voice, the words escaped my lips, I stumbled backwords. I couldn't belive that HIS voice came from my lips. I stared at Jacob's horrified face. +

"Don't...tell...Cullens...about...my....past." I wispered to Jacob as the dots of blackness flowed into my vision. Before I knew it, the ground beneath my feet was gone, and I succumed to full darkness.12

Chapter 161

When I awoke, it felt as if a sledge hammer had gone through my head. It throbbed and ached like a hangover. I slowly Opened my eyes to see that I was in my bed, in the Cullen's house. I hesitantly stood up as the pain in my head only intensified. 3

How can a vampire have a headache?1

I walked down the steps following the sound of peoples voices. I went into the living room and saw the Cullen's sitting on the couches. +

Esme was silently sobbing into Carlisle's shoulder as they sat huddled together in a love seat. Emmett and Rosalie were on a couch with Alice and Jasper. What puzzled me the most was Edward and Jacob.+

Edward was standing a few feet from Jacob, but they seemed to be having a conversation.+

When Jacob saw me he ran over and gave me a bone crushing hug. Before I knew it, all the Cullen's joined into the hug.+

"Bella!" Alice grabbed my hand and pulled me to the couch. On our way, I noticed Esme's favorite love seat broken in the corner of the room. I gasped. By then everyone was sitting, except Jacob.+

"What is it Bella?" Alice asked.+

"W-what happened to Esme's favorite love seat?!" I practically screamed. I shot a glare at Emmett, asuming it must have been him. All of them stared at me like I was a chicken with it's head cut off. "What?" I asked.+

"Do you not remember what happened a few hours ago?" Alice questioned. I thought for a second, everything seemed fuzzy. I just shrugged my shoulders.+

"B-Bella he spoke through you." Jacob finaly spoke up. I didn't understand his words. Who did he mean?+

"Who?" I asked.+

"You told me not to tell the Cullen's. It was HIM, the guy that... took you from me, Charlie, Renee, and Billy..." I gasped. What did he mean HE spoke through me?!?!?!+

Then it came rushing back, all that happened, all that was said. The pain in my head vanished as the memories returned.+

"Oh my God! Oh Esme, I'm SO sorry! I remember now! I'm sorry ,I broke another one of your couches. And Jake, I'm sorry for what he said." I looked at my feet, ashamed.+

"Bella, I think you owe us an explanation." Edward spoke. His voice and words went straight to my heard, I could never deny him. 7

"Yes, I suppose it time for an explaination...." I was going to continue but a ring at the door stopped me. I got up to answer the door but froze when the scent hit me.+

It was HIS sent. +

He came for me. +

Just like he said.+

I started backing away, and the door flew off it's hinges. There he stood. His blonde hair tied back and his muscles sticking out if his shirt.+

"Hello Bella."+

"J-J-James?"54

My Twilight +

~~~~I'm sooooo sorry guys that it took me forever! I don't want to share my life publicly, but I've had a lot going on lately. I feel so bad for having neglected you guys for so long. I will try as hard as I can to post the next part asap, but if it doesn't come fast then I'm sorry. I hope I haven't lost any fans for being so slow because I really do love all you guys and all your amazing comments :)~~~~+

Chapter 17+

James. James: the man who stole my human heart. The man who turned me into a crazed beast. The man who forced me to be alone. He's here. Standing in front of me.+

"Bella. My sweet Bella. Have you been being a bad girl?" He smirked at me. I used to love that smirk, it made my heart beat out of my chest. Now it sent a shiver of disgust down my spine.2

"Did I not instruct that you never love anyone other than me? I also instructed that you stay away from this mutt. Two simple rules Bella. And you dared to defy me." He did a mincing hiss and took a step toward me.+

I stepped back, instantly Edward was beside me ready to help.+

"I can't believe how much of a slut you've become Bella. You're mine, yet you insist on liking this guy here. How despicable." He shook his head and anger raised within me.1

"I'M NOT YOURS! You act like you own me. Why?! You don't own me! Why do you have to be so possessive! I haven't seen you since you left me in the dungeon!" I let my anger leak out. I instantly regretted it; he can kill me... he can kill the Cullens.+

"Bella, Bella, Bella. How many times must I tell you. Whether I'm here or not, I'm watching you. I know what you do. I have your mind, it's all mine. You gave it up? Don't you remember?"+

Confusion ran through me. What does he mean I gave up my mind? I have complete control. Well... Except for when I get mad... And last night he spoke through me...+

"You didn't tell them anything. I think it's time we all sat down and had a long chat." He pointed to the couch. Everyone sat down, and I was about to sit but James grabbed my arm.+

"You're standing up and telling the story. I want the Cullens to see how much of a liar you are. How much you deceived them." He sat down, and I was the only one left standing.1

If I could have been crying, I would have. Everything was crushing down; I was about to lose everything.+

"James was born as a human in 200 A.D." I felt like that was a good place to start. Everyone gasped.+

"But that's... impossible." Carlisle muttered.+

"I was born in 1009. James and I are the oldest vampires alive now. The older you are, the more strength you have. Us being this old causes tremendous power. When I met James, I was 17." This is where they all find out I lied.+

"I fell in love. He was my first.... serious relationship." I hoped they wouldn't read into the full meaning of that. James was my first... everything. We waited until after I changed, of course.+

"But you said... a father-daughter relationship?" Alice said.+

"I lied." I let the words sink in before I continued. "I was best friends with Jacob Black AKA werewolf. When I decided I wanted James to change me, Jacob said he wouldn't stand it. He couldn't be friends with a bloodsucker." I looked over at Jacob who was sitting there awkwardly.+

"I didn't care. All I wanted was James. So I left everything- my family and my friends- all for James. So James changed me.  At first everything was great, then he started getting angry at little things. I remember very clearly the first time he got really mad.2

There was a knock at the door, and I went to get it. There was a human guy there selling food. I was nice and declined, but the guy kept talking. He asked for a date, and I said no, that I was married..." I didn't mention that part yet. My eyes snapped immediately to Edward. He was looking at the floor. He has to hate me now. How could he like me when I was married once and already had sex? Maybe I am just a stupid slut. I have to be a slut to hurt such a good guy like Edward.+

"You may continue, wife." James smirked. I hissed before continuing.1

"Anyway, James got really mad saying that I flirted back. He got so angry that he pulled me downstairs and... chained me to the floor. He told me I was his and only his. He told me that no one would ever be allowed to touch me other than him. He tortured me until I told him that I loved him more than ever and that I was all his. And then... It just continued every time he got mad..."+

"You skipped a part." James spoke up. "What? Do you really want to keep anymore of the truth from them? Haven't you hurt them enough?" Fear rushed through my system. The part he wants me to say is... embarrassing. Its hurts to say it out loud, but the look on Jame's face told me I had no choice. +

"Fine and after he would bring me back up from the dungeon he would rape me and say again I was only his." Edward hissed and his fists went into balls, but I continued. "He showed me how to kill and made me learn to live the worst way possible. He brought me up to be a bad person. Then one day, he put me in the basement and left. I got out after a few days and went upstairs to find the place empty, other than a note. It said, 'Remember you're only mine, if I find you with anyone else, they will die. I'll always be watching you. -J' Then I went on normally until I met you guys." I finally finished and sat down. +

James started clapping. "Bravo! I love the way you tell our life dear."+

"I'm not your dear." I hissed.6

"Okay, so now its my turn." He stood up. "Bella gave me something when she changed. She gave me an entrance to her mind. I can see her every thought, see everything that she sees. That's why you, Edward, can't hear her. Because her voice is mine."+

"Bella is mine." Jame's smirked at me.2

"No she's not." Edward stated. His face raised from looking at the ground. I saw into his eyes. He was angry, not at me, at James. And underneath the anger I saw something that changed my life.+

I saw love.+

"Bella isn't yours, she will never be yours again." Edward stood to face James. "She's mine." The words echoed in my mind. I'm Edward's, I'm Edward's, I'm Edward's. That sounds so perfect.4

"And she's mine." Jacob stood as well. "She will always be my best friend."+

"She's mine too!!!" Emmett jumped up. "She's a baby sister to me!"28

"She's also mine!" Alice stood up. "She's one of my best friends, and I love her."+

"She's ours as well." Esme and Carlisle stood up. "She is like a daughter to us both."+

"And she's mine." Jasper stood up. "Things aren't the same without her; she's a sister to me."1

"She's mine." Rosalie stood up last. "Even though I don't act like it, I really like Bella, I respect her for what she's been through and what an amazing person she is now. She will always be a sister to me."44

I couldn't believe it. They're all standing up to him, standing up for me. They really do love me, but how can they beat him when he's so strong? They don't stand a chance.+

"I see, you want a fight? Then a fight we will have. Meet at the field fifty miles from here, the baseball field. I'll be waiting, so don't be late. The winner gets Bella, the loser doesn't and the loser dies." James didn't look back as he left the house.9

"You guys shouldn't do this for me; you should run. I'll go to the field and turn myself in. It's easier that way." I looked at the floor. I don't want to give them all up but it's the right thing to do.+

"Most of the time the easy path isn't always the right one. We want to fight for gou; you can't stop us. We all love you. Don't forget that, you are a part of this family now." Esme said and smiled.11

I looked at the love on all of their faces. I lied to them all, yet they still love me. They will still give up there lives for me. Why?+

Could they really love me that much?1

My Twilight +

~~~~~~~~~~~Heyyyy I hope you guys like the new chapter! Sorry it's short, but I didn't have much time to write. VOTE AND COMMENT!!~~~~~~+

Chapter 18+

How could they love me to this extent after I've lied to them about everything? I glanced over at Edward and saw that he was still staring at me. The same glance of love I saw before was in his eyes.  Looking around, I saw that it wasn't just him. Everyone was looking at me with that love in their eyes. +

"Bella, I'm sorry." Jacob said, he was looking at me with regret. "I shouldn't have given up on you the way I did. Maybe, if I had stayed your friend, I could have prevented all of this from happening..." He was blaming himself for what I caused to happen. How dare he pin MY mistakes on himself!1

"Jacob, none of this was in any way your fault. Don't you dare blame yourself! I'm the one who caused this! I'm the one who was stupid and allowed him to trick me!" I stood up as the anger surged through me. How could I allow this to happen?! I'm so stupid!+

Then I felt it.+

There was a little pinch in my mind. I realized I felt this before.  Every time I get mad, I feel this little pinch in my brain. I never thought much of it; I never knew what it was until now. It's James. He wasn't joking when he said he had my mind. He DOES have my mind. He can look into it when I get too angry. +

"Bingo Bella." A voice echoed in my mind, a familiar voice, James' voice. +

My jaw snapped open in shock. I need to calm down, NOW, so he leaves my mind. I took deep breaths in and out, in and out. As my anger diminished, I steadily felt the pinch begin to leave my mind. I didn't open my eyes until I felt the pinch completely gone. +

Everyone was staring at me like I'd gone crazy. +

"Bella are you okay?" Alice asked, walking over to me.+

"Yeah, I'm fine.  It's just... well, when I got angry, I felt something in my head. Or should I say someone... James. I realized when I get angry, he has a way to enter my mind. And if I get very angry, then he can completely control me. Like when I passed out before and ruined your furniture." To say they were all shocked would be a huge understatement. +

"In that case, we have to be sure that you don't get angry any time before the fight. We can't have him learning any of our plans." Carlisle stated. How can I not get angry? It's so easy for me... "We will leave early in the morning for the field. Everyone needs to go hunting now and build up strength. Jacob, you can leave; we have this under control." +

"No." Jacob said standing up. "You guys are underestimating his strength. Bella's right, he's very strong, very, very strong. You guys could need my pack's help, you need my help. Bella's not the only one that was born in 1009." Everyone gasped. A vampire my age is a huge deal, but a WEREWOLF my age is an even bigger deal. In fact, Jacob is the first werewolf to live this long, before it was seemed impossible to stay a werewolf for so long. +

"He's right; we need his help. We can all meet up here at 7." I interjected. I still don't like that they're going to fight for me, but seeing as how they refused to give up, the least I could do was help.+

"Deal." Jacob said smiling. He gave me one more long hug before leaving the house. 8

"Well, let's go hunting." Emmett said smiling. I could tell he was excited for a fight. I got in Edward's car with him, while everyone else went in Rosalie's and Carlisle's car. I turned and looked at Edward as he pulled out of the driveway. How can he want to fight for me after everything I've done to hurt him and his family?+

"Why are you doing this?" I asked. He looked over at me and smiled.+

"Everyone cares about you. We want to keep you safe. You're a part of this family now Bella."+

"I know that. That's not what I meant. What I meant was, why are you doing this?" He's the one I must have hurt the most.+

"Bella, is it not obvious?" He asked. The car slowed down and eventually came to a stop on the side of the road. He turned to look at me. I was confused, what does he mean?+

"What-?" I started but he interrupted me by leaning over and connecting his lips with mine. His lips felt amazing and sparks shot through me. I lifted my hands and put them into his hair deepening the kiss. He ran his tongue against my bottom lip, and I gladly gave him access. Our tongues explored each other's mouths. Since we didn't need air, we kept kissing for a long time; when we pulled apart, I wanted more. 3

"I love you Bella." He whispered, and I smiled.+

"I love you too, Edward." The words just slipped out before I could think about what I was saying. But they sounded so... right. With a start I realized that I DO love Edward.1

I'm in love with Edward Cullen.53

My Twilight +

~~~I'm sooooo sorry that its been soooo long!:( This will probably be short since I don't have much time, but I'll try and do as much as I can with the time I have. Comment and Vote!!~~~+

Chapter 18+

I, Bella Swan, am in love with Edward Cullen. How did this happen? Why did this happen? By saying those three little words to him, I gave him the power to destroy me. Now that I've given him my heart, I took the chance that he can rip it to shreds. +

What was I thinking???? +

Edward leaned in to kiss me again, but I turned my head. He looked confused for a second, and when I didn't speak or look him in the eyes, a look of hurt came upon his face.+

"Bella-"+

"We better go hunting; there isn't enough time to sit on the side of the road making out." My words came out harsher than I intended. He paused for a second, opening his mouth as if about to say something, but he only shut it again and started the car.2

I knew I hurt his feelings, and that burned my heart, but I'm just not ready for someone to play with my heart again. I don't even know Edward that well, it hasn't been that long. Only an idiot would give into him so easily. For all I know, he just wants to get sex and leave.9

That's what my logical brain was telling me. My heart spoke something different though.+

My heart told me that I loved him, and he loved me. My heart knew that he was a good guy. My heart screamed at me that he was the right guy for me, the one.+

But after so many years of ignoring my heart, I couldn't help but let my brain's logic take over. +

My brain had to be right, all guys are the same. How can Edward be in love with ME? It doesn't make sense. I mean, remember the whole TANYA THING?! She was a total slut all over him! I'm an idiot! Why did I fall for another guy, it only ends in heart ache! 2

I won't let this go on any longer! +

I'm done giving myself to Edward Cullen. +

It took me a second to realize my little rant in my head took longer than I thought, and we were already pulled up at a forest. 1

"Let's hunt." I said climbing out of the car. I didn't even look Edward's way as I ran into the forest. I could hear him running behind me, assessing me. That's when I realized I was about to hunt ANIMALS! I tried not to think about it to much, but the thought almost had me gagging. +

"H-how-" I cleared my throat. "I mean, how am I supposed to feed on animals. I-It sounds gross." I didn't look at Edward, and I kept running, but I knew he could hear me. He ran up beside me and I turned to look away from his face. I couldn't stand to look at him, it would torture me to know I can never give my heart up to him because I'm a coward. I'm afraid of the consequences it will bring. +

"It's really not as bad as it sounds. Once you drink from one, you'll get the hang of it." His voice sounded hurt and strained. I felt bad for causing him pain, but it's for the best.+

The scent of a wolf nearby engulfed my senses, and I ran faster. I leapt onto the wolf with an animalistic gracefulness. I expected the blood to taste repulsive, but it wasn't too bad. It quenched some of my thirst and flowed down my throat in huge gulps. After I discarded the body, I couldn't help but smile. That was actually kind of... good. I heard Edward in the distance feeding so I carried onto the next animal.18

After a few hours, we both started on the way to the car. I could feel Edward's scrutinizing gaze on me, but I chose to ignore it. I really couldn't handle being near him for much longer, in fear of giving into my heart.+

"Bella, is something wrong. You haven't looked at me since... what happened in the car." Crap, this is not what I need right now.+

"Maybe I don't want to look at you right now Edward." I actually meant to sound harsh then; it will be better if he hates me. It will be a lot better to end it now rather than even more painfully later. 4

"Bella, what's really wrong? You can talk to me; I love you." I then made the mistake of looking at him. His perfect face was contorted in anger, and his eyes burned with love. I turned my head away quickly, the sight was too painful. 1

"We don't need this right now Edward. We have to keep our heads clear and focused. This battle won't be easy, and it's happening soon." He didn't say anymore as we drove home, but I could tell he was hurt. The pain radiated off him, and I felt like shredding myself into pieces for causing him to feel this way. My only consolation was the knowledge that this was for the best. This way no one can get hurt. 1

But my heart said different. It whispered in my head 'you're the one causing the pain, not him.' +

But I chose to ignore my heart.+

Because my brain told me different.27

My Twilight+

~~~Sorry it’s been so long. Love you all and basically all I can say is: ENJOY:)~~~1

Chapter 19+

The battlefield glistened in a dark haunting shade of black and red.  James stood at the end of the field, wind blowing back his gorgeous blond hair.  He had on a simple grin that told me everything, ‘you’re going to lose.’ The Cullen’s were in a V-formation around me, and I could sense their growing fear.  This was my war, my battle.  Here is where everything ends.  I could smell the wolf pack in the forest behind me, and so could James.  James showed no fear.  He possessed no fear.  4

James knew he was going to win.  I knew he was going to win.  That didn’t stop me from going out without a fight.+

The battle began.  We charged, and he stood there waiting. It happed in slow motion; Emmett was the first to reach him.  I saw Emmett’s body fling away in a second, followed by Carlisle and Esme. Then Jasper and Alice, I saw them lock eyes before they joined the pile of bodies.  Finally Edward reached him, and I saw his face contort in pain as he fell as well.+

I dropped to the ground and let out a scream of pain.  It’s all my fault. All my fault.+

“Bella!”+

I shot up in bed panting.  It was just a vision, the battle hasn’t happened yet.  I was just getting lost in my own thoughts and terrifying imagination.8

“Bella are you alright, you looked terrified.”  Alice was hovering over my bed staring at me.+

“Alice!” I screamed as I gave her a huge hug, pulling her on top of me.  She laughed and hugged me back.+

“I should interrupt your relaxing more often if you’re going to make me feel so loved.” She teased as she pulled me out of bed.  I just laughed and nodded, no way was I going to freak her out by telling her my vision.+

My dream wasn’t going to come true.  It can’t come true; I won’t let it.+

We walked downstairs to find everyone in the dining room sitting at the table.  They all looked worried, except Edward.  He just looked hurt and confused, because of me.  But I couldn’t give myself up to him.+

How long has it been that I’ve hated myself for giving up to James?  Too long.  I wasn’t going to make the same mistake with Edward.  I wasn’t going to hurt like that ever again.  Guys suck.13

“So what’s our plan?” I asked as I sat down next to Esme and Emmett.+

“With the wolf pack by our side, and all our special powers, I think it won’t be too difficult to defeat him.” Carlisle stated.+

“I hope…” I muttered under my breath.  No one seemed to notice because they were already talking about the wolf pack.  They didn’t feel comfortable fighting alongside them, but they were willing to do it for me.+

I thought about my vision again, how horrible it was to watch them all die in front of me.  I can’t let that happen.  I just can’t.  So what can I do to make sure that doesn’t happen?+

I could do what happens in all movies and books and go solo into the field early to turn myself in, only to get myself killed and the Cullen’s to become next on Jame's list.4

No, that idea never works.3

So what option do I have other than to fight by their side?  But if anyone dies in this battle, I will die as well.  That’s a promise I will keep till it’s all over.+

The rest of the day went by in a blur until the werewolf’s got there.  The whole pack appeared on the doorstep, but Jacob was the only one to enter.  We conversed about out formation and plans for attack.  +

Then the clock hit 8AM and it was time.  We all piled into cars, and by sheer fate I was stuck in a car with Edward.+

He didn’t look at me on the ride there, nor I him.  We both stayed silent the whole trip.  In a way, it felt better to be silent.  I would rather us be quiet than for us to fight.6

Fear choked me as we pulled up at the forest, and the car went silent.  We both sat there in a stony silence, soaking in what we were about to experience.  We were about to fight the man that haunted me for so many years: James.+

“G-good luck.” I whispered and worked up the courage to give him a faint smile.  He smiled back, and we both got out of the car.+

The run through the forest would have been refreshing if we weren’t running to our probable deaths.  James is fast and powerful, more so than any other vampire.  This seems like a suicide mission.+

We all met at the edge of the field.  I could smell that James was already here on the other side of the field, waiting.  We got into our formation, with me in the front without uttering a word; everyone was nervous.  The wolf pack was behind us a distance, ready to charge when given the signal.  Everyone was ready.+

We all stepped out onto the field.+

It looked just like my dream.  The field was a blackish tint because the sun was hidden behind clouds.  James stood there with an expression saying it all, ‘you’re going to lose.’+

Unlike my dream, I smiled.+

“Were going to win.” I whispered.+

My Twilight+

~~~Thanks for all your support guys! I was reading all your comments, and it inspired me to write this chapter now.  So thanks, and enjoy! PS - Sorry i1ts so short, I figured short was better than nothing.~~~+

Chapter 20+

My mother always used to tell me random theories when I was a human.  She would tell me, “half of the troubles of this life can be traced to saying yes too quickly and not saying no soon enough,” or another one she really liked was, “Even if you’re on the right track, you’ll get run over if you just sit there.”  I never really thought much of these quotes when she told me them.  4

As I stood on that field, about to battle a man I once loved, one of my mom’s quotes echoed through my head.  She would often tell me when I was afraid “fear is simply an emotion that can be conquered, but determination and belief – that can win you anything that you’re afraid to try.”+

Standing there, looking into that bloodthirsty killer's eyes, I had more determination than I thought possible.  As to belief, I believed to my core that we were going to win this battle.+

So as James gave me his classic smirk, I simply smiled back and waved to him.  He seemed taken aback by my obvious calm.  I wasn’t afraid of him, and that fact scared him to death.  Fear was what he was using to manipulate me all this time, and now I’m no longer afraid.+

It happened in an instant; I pulled my arm up straight into the air and dropped in back down to my arm in a flash.  That was the signal, the entire wolf pack came running out of the forest and everyone charged at once.  James stood there, as we charged toward him.+

James winked at me.+

That’s when I knew something was wrong.  He knew something we didn’t, something was wrong.+

“Stop!” I called out coming to a halt.  Everyone else stopped too, in obvious confusion.+

“What is it Bella, do you sense something?” James asked in a cruel menacing voice.+

“B-Bella…” Alice said as she obviously had a vision of the future.  She didn’t need to tell anyone what it was, because we could all smell it.+

They weren’t far away, maybe only a short mile or two.+

The Volturi were on their way here.4

“Why are they coming?” I asked James in a small voice.  I believed I already knew the answer; if I was right, we had a real problem.+

“I believe you already know my pet.” James said with a snicker.+

“What does he mean, Bella?” Edward asked.  I was frozen in fear, it choked me.  There was no way out of this; no way we could possibly avoid this fate.2

“T-The Volturi are coming.” I said in a small voice, it sounded weak and unrecognizable to me.+

“But why are they coming here?” Carlisle asked.  This time I didn’t have to answer, because James spoke up for me.+

“The Volturi are here to take Bella, and they will by any means necessary.”+

James smirked at me.+

His face said it all, “I win.”+

My Twilight+

Chapter 21+

Have you ever noticed that when your world is ending around you, when everything is ready to explode in your face, that everything seems to happen in slow motion.  +

The way James' face curved up in a proud smirk sent shivers down my spine.  He knew and I knew that this was all going to end.  The Volturi were gaining ground, now only a few miles away.  I could hear the patter of their feet on the wet grassy land. +

They were coming for me.  They were going to end this battle once and for all.  They were going to end it for James.+

The Volutri and me go way back.  Back so far, it's amazing they are still able to hold a grudge against me.  I was shocked when the Volturi began to order all the vampires around.  Things were fun until they began setting restrictions against everyone.  They believed they held all the power, since their numbers were much larger than any other vampire clan.+

I wanted to show them they held no power against me.+

I took it upon myself to show the Volturi just how wrong they were to try and order me around.  So, in an attempt to undermine them from the inside, I joined the Volturi.+

My mind was, of course, sealed off, so no one would divulge my true plan.  I joined them; six months later, I was at Aro's side.  He trusted me more than he trusted Jane and his other loyal servants.+

He believed I was his greatest accomplishment.+

He would send me on countless 'peace' missions.  I followed his every whim, while formulating my own plan.  On my last mission, I was supposed to go control a group of fresh vampires.  They were wreaking havoc in London.  Over three-thousand innocents dead, and the humans blamed it on gang violence.  Humans are so completely oblivious and stupid...+

Instead of doing as I was told, I helped raise the new born numbers.  I lead them out of London and into Italy.  I will always remember Aro's face as he witnessed his favorite follower release five-hundred newborns into his castle.1

He swore his vengeance upon me.+

Since then, the Volturi number has climaxed beyond belief.  Their number is now so large, I stand no chance against them.  James realizes this; I realize this.  There is no escape.+

James allowed me to join the Volturi all those years ago only based on the fact that he knew it was temporary.  He realized I only did that to attempt to harm them.+

Now they were coming back to ensure that I payed for my mistake.  The Cullen's would have to face the raff of the Volturi because of my injustices.+

The Volturi were now close enough to smell their tantalizing scent.  A shiver went down my spine, and James, realizing this, sent a smirk my way.+

"Bella... why would they come for you?" Edward asked in a questioning tone.  I didn't know how to answer that and to my dismay, I didn't need to.  The Volturi now stepped out of the forest.+

Aro stood at the front, his eyes a menacing black as he stared deep into my soul.  I once took his threat as a joke, a constant laugh.  Now I was paralyzed in fear of his approach.  Jane, Alec, Demetri, and Felix stood at his flank.  They were all dressed in a deep shade of black, and the remaining members of the clan stood behind them.6

"Isabella... my dear Isabella.  It has been far too long." Aro spoke staring me straight in the eyes.+

"I was actually enjoying the space Aro." I shot back at him.  He looked a little peeved that I didn't call him master, but he quickly shook that off.  By Edwards audible gasp beside me, I was sure he now knew the entire story.  Aro obviously found my unfortunate injustice toward him as an open discussion, seeing as he allowed Edward to pick it out of his mind.+

The Cullen's, my family, stood around me as the Volturi approached.  It took me only a split second to make a decision on what to do.  In no way would I ever allow the Volturi to lay a finger on my family.  My decision was made, and I took one last glance at James.+

His smirk died away at the expression on my face.  He knew what decision I had made, and it was one he did not particularly like.+

I pushed past Edward and Alice and walked straight up to Aro.+

"Aro, under your jurisdiction you are authorized to grant me a privilege.  Seeing as my death is not in question, for it has been decided for a long time now, I should be allowed to have my death be in Italy.  Since I was once a faithful servant, you are inclined to grant me the favor of taking me to Italy and hold my death in your castle."  I heard exclamations of anger and surpise behind me.  Aro simply smiled and waved his hand.  In a second, I was locked in a strong hold by Alec and Felix. +

This was for the better. +

If they tried to kill me here, the Cullen's would only be dragged down with me.  I couldn't allow that to happen.+

I sent one look of sadness to my distressed family.  They knew charging would be futile. +

James sent me one last smirk as he disappeared into the forest.1

I knew this wasn't going to be how it was to end.  James would never allow me to get off the hook so easily.  He was planning something more.+

Whatever it was, it wasn't going to be good.+

~~~~ Here is a preview to the new upcoming chapter.  I hope to post tomorrow, but it may be a bit later than that.  This is short for a reason though, because it is only a preview.  Enjoy the SNEAK PEAK! ~~~~+

My Twilight Part 18+

Chapter 22 - Preview+

I couldn’t honestly tell you how my trip to Italy went because I couldn’t remember.  I stared out at the clouds the whole time, thinking, and the time passed faster than I could blink.  I was going to my death, this would probably be the last time I looked at the sun.  My life, my long life, was about to end.  +

I couldn’t help but miss Edward so much that my heart wanted to burst.8

He wouldn’t dare come after me, it’s much too dangerous.  It would be suicide for him to even step foot in Italy.  I wasn’t worth his life.  Nothing was worth his life, least of all me.5

I love Edward Cullen.   275

The real truth seemed to slap me in the face as soon as he was gone from my sight.  I couldn’t believe how foolish I had been.  Why did I always push him away when things got serious?  He and James were nothing alike, and the fact that I even compared them disgraced me.  I felt an immense amount of guilt over how I last treated him.  +

He probably hates me now.2

So I walked into the, now large, Volturi mansion… with no hope at all.+

Death and I seemed to be constant correspondents, and now I would sleep with him forever.5

Chapter 22+

I couldn’t honestly tell you how my trip to Italy went because I couldn’t remember.  I stared out at the clouds the whole time, thinking, and the time passed faster than I could blink.  I was going to my death, this would probably be the last time I looked at the sun.  My life, my long life, was about to end.  +

I couldn’t help but miss Edward so much that my heart wanted to burst.+

He wouldn’t dare come after me, it’s much too dangerous.  It would be suicide for him to even step foot in Italy.  I wasn’t worth his life.  Nothing was worth his life, least of all me.+

I love Edward Cullen.   +

The real truth seemed to slap me in the face as soon as he was gone from my sight.  I couldn’t believe how foolish I had been.  Why did I always push him away when things got serious?  He and James were nothing alike, and the fact that I even compared them disgraced me.  I felt an immense amount of guilt over how I last treated him.  +

He probably hates me now.+

So I walked into the, now large, Volturi mansion… with no hope at all.+

Death and I seemed to be constant correspondents, and now I would sleep with him forever.2

“Isabella, is it quite a shame that you are so uncontrollable.  Your powers are unique, as is your strength.  If only I had been able to tame you… tisk.” Aro whispered in my direction and a shiver went down my spine.  The man was too creepy for his own good.3

“I’m pretty overwhelming.” He let out a crackling laugh as we descended into their lair.+

“Yes, yes you are, but that will all be ending now.”5

“So it’s time?” Fear choked my throat without my permission, I didn’t want to be afraid.  I wanted to end my life bravely.+

“Not yet, Isabella.” The answer surprised me, and I gazed at Aro, finally seeing his expression.  He looked triumphant, as would be expected, but there was something else in his face as well.  Fear.+

“What’s going on?” I asked as panic filled me.  I didn’t understand anything that was happening, I should have died by now.+

“My Bella, haven’t you learned anything yet?” The voice stopped me in my tracks as the world seemed to slow down around me.+

James walked into the room, his dark coat billowing behind him.  My face fell into shock as all of my muscles contracted.  James.  James followed me here, and by the expression on Aro’s face, this was all planned.  James planned it all from the beginning.  My stomach did summersaults at the thought.2

“I have you now, my Bella, and no one is going to stop me.” He gracefully walked and faced me.  He leaned his head down to my ear.+

“Not your werewolf pet.”+

He walked around me and leaned his head to my other ear, raising the hair on the back of my neck.+

“Not the Cullen’s.”+

He faced me again, smiled, leaned down, and pressed his lips to mine.  The world froze around me as I struggled to push him away.  When he finally released me, I was breathing heavily.4

“Most of all, my Bella, not your lover.”+

He kissed me again, this time much shorter.  Then he leaned his forehead against mine and whispered to me.  The words cause me to stop struggling, and I simply gave up.  He won.+

“Your Edward Cullen is not coming.”+

Edward’s POV2

“We have to go save her!”+

“Calm down Edward, we can’t go barging into the Volturi.  We have to come up with a plan.” Alice spoke logic, but I was beyond logic.  My mind was spinning with anger, fear, and loss.  All I wanted was Bella safe; I would do anything to save her.+

“We need to leave, NOW.  She could already be…”  I couldn’t finish my sentence as the world spun around me.  She can’t be, she can’t be, she can’t be.  Bella can’t be dead.+

“Edward’s right.  We need to leave, but we need to leave with a plan in mind.” Emmett actually sounded serious, for once in his life.6

“What are we going to do?” Jacob asked, we allowed him and his pack in our house under the condition that he help Bella.+

The family fell silent as the question surrounded us.  How could we save Bella with so many people against us?  No plans seemed possible.+

That’s when the front door broke down.+

“You need a plan?” The woman stepped over the broken door and faced us all. “I’ll give you a plan.”18

~~So I have no excuses for not updating, because I'm not going to make a list... it would take up too much space. However, I will say that I lost my insperation for this story a very long time ago, and it's extremely difficult to write a story that you no long have interest in. I have so many fans on this story though that I was feeling so guilty:( So intead of leaving this story alone and never finishing it, I have forced myself to write you an ending. It may not be a perfect one, or even a good one, but I hope that you will still be happy with it. I'm so sorry for not writing in so long, I reallly wish I loved this story as much as I used to and that I could write you guys another dozen chapters, but I just can't. So here it is: The Final Chapter! Don't hate me for being so slow!~~2

Chapter 23- The Final Chapter+

Bella's POV+

Being locked in a room for an extended amount of time is not pleasant. Especially since I was so used to having free rein over my life. I paced the beautiful room over a hundred times, but I still couldn't hold back my panic.+

James has me, again. I knew this time he would never let me go. This added with the fact that I missed and longed for Edward more than anything caused every second to feel like a year.+

I didn't know what James had planned for me, but I knew it wouldn't be pleasant. He would either kill me or keep me as his pet for eternity.2

I'd rather him kill me now.+

The sound of the door opening caused me to jump and go into defensive stance. James stood there, glorifying smirk and all.+

"Well Bella, are you ready to face your fate?"+

Edward's POV+

The woman stood in front of us, her red curly hair blowing into her face.+

"Who are you?" She smiled at me and took a few steps forward.+

"My names Victoria, and I'm going to be the woman who saves your precious Bella."22

Bella's POV+

"Where are you taking me?" My hands were chained behind my back, a powerful chain that I couldn't break, as James dragged me down one of the many hallways.+

"To your fate."+

"What does that mean?! Just kill me already and get it over with!" His hand on my elbow grew tighter. He stopped and looked back at me, the ever-present smirk on his face.+

"Don't worry my dear. You'll be dead soon."+

Hearing him actually say those words sent more fear through me than I believed possible. After my whole selfish life, I still wasn't ready to die. +

I didn't want to die without seeing Edward at least one more time.+

Edward's POV+

This strange woman, Victoria, wouldn't give us any details about anything. Not on how she found us, how she knows Bella, or what her plan was. She only told us that she had her own reasons for wanting James dead.7

Before we knew it, we were on a plane headed for Italy. Our family knew we couldn't trust a random stranger.  At this point, however, her plan was the only one we had. +

I only knew I needed to get to Bella as soon as possible.+

I would save Bella or die trying.+

Bella's POV+

I stared at the clock tower as the big hand moved every minute. I began counting them; 46, 47, 48... I was counting down to my own death.+

James, with the help of some of Aro's thugs, tied me to a metal pole that was set up in the middle of the courtyard. They were going to burn me alive when the clock struck twelve, only four more hours to go.+

James stood not far away, just watching me with a smile on his face.+

I'd never hated him more.+

It was odd, the feeling of peace that overcame me in the face of death. I didn't know why I wasn't afraid, only that on some twisted level I was happy.+

I'd take dying any day if it meant I was dying for something good. And to me, becoming part of the Cullen family and falling in love with Edward was definitely something good.+

I wouldn't give up my moments with their family for anything, even my life.+

Edward's POV+

I could see her. +

Her face as she looked up at the clock tower. She almost looked peaceful. The moonlight flooded over her, causing her to seem like she was glowing.+

I'd never seen anything so beautiful in my entire life.+

My first instinct was to run from my hiding place and unchain her from that awful pole, but Alice held me back.+

"We have to follow the plan Edward. We'll save her." She smiled at me, and I smiled back.+

Victoria gave us each detailed instructions to follow. Her plan made more sense than anything any of us had come up with, so we followed along. +

I could see James watching Bella, his face one of twisted joy. I'd never seen something so disgusting. That's when Victoria walked up behind him and trailed her fingernail along his neck.+

"Hello, sweetie." She purred and kissed him on the neck.+

"It took you long enough to get here Victoria. I was beginning to think you weren't coming." Their lips connected, and Victoria deepened the kiss. We saw the subtle flick of a finger she sent our way, and Alice and I silently began to move towards Bella.+

Bella's POV+

It was funny, that so close to death my mind would play tricks on me. As I saw an Edward-that-couldn't-possibly-be-Edward walk towards me, I almost cursed at my mind. I didn't want to see a hallucination of Edward; I wanted to see the real thing. My mind was a cruel thing.3

"Bella..." The hallucination-Edward whispered into my ear. I could almost feel real breath on my neck. "We have to be quick. Victoria can't distract him for long."+

My mind was so diluted that a hallucination-Alice was even there too, and she began to unchain me with some tools. I was sure I'd lost it if my visions were this real. Or maybe I was dreaming.  Or maybe I was already dead. The chains dropped off me.+

"Come on, Bella." Edward whispered and took my hand, preparing to run. His hand felt too real and the shock that went through my body felt too real. I held him back and looked into his eyes; his eyes that were much too real.+

"Are you... are you really here?" My voice broke as I felt like I wanted to cry.+

"Yes, Bella, I'm here for you." He kissed me gently on the lips and all my doubts flew out the window. "Now we need to run." 1

I nodded and we began to run, only to bump into James.+

"Where do you think you're going Bella?" I held onto Edward's hand even tighter.+

"Leave her alone." Edward growled.+

"I don't think so." James took a step forward... and so did I.+

He looked shocked, as did Edward.+

"You can't control me anymore James. I'm not yours, and I haven't been for a very long time. You may have a peace of my mind, but that's all you have. I feel nothing for you besides disgust and hate. You have no place in my heart because it belongs to Edward. You can kill me, but it still won't change the fact that I'm not yours, and I never will be,"7

There was silence all around and I smiled, happy to finally be rid of all my feelings for James. He could kill me now, but at least I would die the happiest I'd even been.+

He began to advance toward me until a red-headed woman blocked his path.+

"Did you forget about me James? The woman you're supposed to love! Did I mean nothing to you?!" As she attacked him, Edward and I took that chance to run.+

As soon as we reached the outskirts of the city, a yellow race car pulled up.  Alice stuck her head out.4

"Need a lift?"3

On the drive to the airport, Alice and Edward explained to me what was happening back in Italy. Carlisle, Emmett, Rosalie, and the werewolf pack along with Victoria were going to handle James. They would be able to handle them; I was confident. Then we would all meet up back home and plan out how to deal with Aro and his gang.+

As I snuggled into Edward's arms on the whole plane ride, I couldn't help but feel I didn't deserve this good fortune. I didn't deserve Edward, but I still wouldn't give him up for the world.+

THREE MONTHS LATER+

"I thought that when I was human I loved James more than I could ever love anything, but that love was nothing compared to what I have with Edward. He is my everything and I cherish my every moment with him. +

James is dead, and I can't be happier at that news. He is a part of my past, and I will never miss him.+

Victoria is also dead; she gave her life in order to take James'. She loved him, and he didn't love her back.+

No one in the Cullen clan or the wolf pack was seriously hurt. Just a few scrapes and bruises.+

Jacob Black and I are back to our usual behavior of spending as much time together as possible. I love him, and he is the best friend I could ever ask for.+

Relations with the wolf pack have improved tremendously. There are still arguments, but everyone appreciates each other so much more. +

My life with the Cullen's continues to be bliss every single day. I've never felt so at home as when I'm with them."+

"Hello fiancé, what are you doing?" Edward leaned over the back of my chair and gazed into my eyes.6

"Hello fiancé, just writing in my journal." He sat beside me, and we shared a sweet kiss.+

"Are you writing about me?" He smiled and tried to grab my journal, but I snatched it back.+

"That's for me to know and you never to find out." I smirked and was about to jump up when all of the sudden the journal was again out of my hands.+

"Hmm... Bella's diary? Score!" Emmett screamed and dashed off into the living room. "I have Bella's diary! I have Bella's diary!"3

"Oh, you are so dead!" I screamed and began to chase him.+

"You won't hurt me; I know you love me!" He hollered back and continued to evade me.+

"You wish!" I pounced on him and the games began.2

I really did love this new life.+

I wouldn't trade it for the world.+

THE END27

I have news for those of you interested in this story. Although I'm finished writing this particular tale myself, as I have completely lost my inspiration, someone has asked me if they can continue the story. I'm absolutely delighted for this story to continue on, even if I'm not the one writing it.+

If you are interested in reading the second part to this story check out SerenityMetzger who will be naming the book: My Twilight 2.+

Here is a link for you to check it out:+

http://www.wattpad.com/story/35504143-my-twilight-23

I will be anticipating and reading this book, and I hope you all can do the same!+

Love you guys so much, and thank you for your continued support! <3+

------Hey guys!  I'm sure you never expected me to update again, but here I am!!  I recently went through and edited this story (I'm sure you know there were a lot of spelling mistakes).  After editing, I felt the need to add at least one more part.  I got many comments that the previous ending was a bit abrupt.  I'm really sorry about that.  To be honest, it was really hard for me to finish the story.  I tried my best, however, and I left a somewhat ambiguous ending.  Some of you liked it, some of you didn't.  Anyways, here is a little cherry-on-top for those of you who want it.  It's not very long, but I hope you still like it!  It's possible that I will add on more small epilogue's as inspiration hits me, but I make no promises.  Let me know if you like it, and maybe I will do more!------+

+

Epilogue+

My heart pounded in my ears and my chest felt tight.  I could swear I was having a heart attack.+

"Alice!" I gasped out and clutched at her purple lacy dress.  Her hair was pulled back behind her ears in beautiful waves.  She looked even more attractive than she usually did. "I think I'm going to pass out!"1

"You're not going to pass out, Bella.  You're a vampire, remember?" She patted my shoulder in a comforting gesture.  "Besides, you look amazing!"+

She turned me around so I faced a large full body mirror.  My white silk dress flowed around me and made me look like a princess.  A white lacy pin held a veil that cascaded past my shoulders and down my back; it trailed behind me on the floor.  My hair was pulled back and small ringlets of curls framed my face.  I let Alice do my make-up, and she really outdid herself.  She made me look stunning.+

"You did a really good job with my whole outfit.  Thank you Alice." I gave her a quick hug, and she smiled.1

"You're welcome, Bella.  It's not every day that a girl gets married!" At this remark, my expression became stricken.  When Alice noticed, she threw her hands to her mouth and gasped.  "I'm so sorry Bella!  I forgot you were married to James before.  I really am sorry!  I hope I didn't ruin your mood..." +

She trailed off and looked at her purple heeled feet in regret.+

"It's okay Alice.  Nothing can destroy my mood today.  I mean... I'm marrying Edward."  As I said it, the words began to truly sink in.  I'm marrying Edward today.+

After today, I will be Isabella Cullen.1

My nerves of a few moments ago immediately returned.  I groaned and grasped at my butterfly-filled stomach.+

"Alice, can't we just run to Los Vegas and get married?  That way there won't be a huge room of people." She scoffed.+

"Bella!  We talked about this.  It's your wedding day; you have to hold a huge reception!" +

"But I won't even know anyone out there!" I groaned in frustration.  We'd had this argument many times in the past few months.  Alice, somehow, always won.  I blame her cute pixie face; it always guilt-tripped me.+

"It doesn't matter!"  She placed her hands on my shoulders and looked me straight in the eyes.  "All that matters is that you will be marrying Edward today.  Ignore everything else." I nodded my head slowly.+

"Yes, you're right.  Thanks Alice." She clapped her hands and skipped a few feet away.+

"What else is a maid of honor for?" +

"Hey!  I'm her maid of honor." Rosalie appeared out of nowhere and pulled me into a big hug.  She wore a similar shade of purple to Alice, that being the decided on bridesmaid's color, but her dress was much longer.  It reached all the way down to her silver-heeled feet, but a slit in the front of the dress ran up to her upper thigh.  A dark purple sash wrapped around her middle and completed the ensemble.  She looked gorgeous, as she always did.+

"No, I am!" Alice called out in frustration.  They'd had this argument many times.  Technically, I never chose a maid of honor.  I didn't really care much about the whole wedding proceedings.  I let Alice be in charge of everything.+

Boy was that a big mistake.+

I never imagined she would make such a huge spectacle out of the whole event.  I should have known.+

"Bella, are you ready?"  Esme came around the corner with Carlisle on her arm.  Esme wore a grayish purple dress that was longer and more modest; Carlisle wore a black suit with a white rose pinned to his lapel, as did all the men.1

"Maybe." I replied hesitantly.  They both came over and came me a big hug in turn.+

"We are so proud of you and Edward." Esme said with a big smile.  I had a feeling she'd be crying if she could.+

"Thank you." I replied, and I really meant it.

Carlisle and I waited behind big dark oak doors as everyone marched down the aisle ahead of us.  Alice walked with Jasper, then Rosalie and Emmett.  Esme walked down the aisle alone and carried the wedding rings. Carlisle held out his arm for me.+

"I believe our turn is coming up soon." He whispered into my ear.+

"Thank you so much for this.  Since my own father passed away, you are the closest thing I have to a dad."  I felt the emotions overcome me, and I could tell Carlisle felt the same way.5

"You know I see you, and love you, as my own daughter." Before he could continue, the wedding march began.+

My heart jumped into my throat as the doors opened and we began our walk.  White roses rested all over the ground, sat on the end of each pew, and hung from the walls.  It made the room look pure and magnificent.  The huge church was overflowing with guests.  I recognized a few people from high school, such as that Mike guy who hit on me the first day of school.  I felt incredibly nervous with all of their eyes on me.  I nearly froze in fright.+

Then, I remembered Alice's words.  Edward was all that mattered.+

I looked to the end of the walkway, and my eyes locked onto his.  He looked stunning in his black tuxedo.  I wanted nothing more than to run and jump into his arms.  However, I walked slowly with Carlisle to the sluggish beat of the march.  It felt like an eternity before Carlisle placed my hand in Edward's.  A shock ran up my arm at the touch.+

The minister spoke on and on about the proceedings, but I didn't pay attention to him.  I was lost in Edward.  He seemed to be experiencing the same thing.+

Finally, it came to the part for us to say "I do" and put on the rings.  As Edward slid the ring onto my finger, I wanted desperately to be able to cry.  I felt my breath catch in my throat, and I sincerely wished to express my overwhelming emotions.  I wanted Edward to see the all-consuming effect he had on me.  As a vampire, however, no tears would come.+

"You may now kiss the bride."10

Edward didn't need any more prodding; he pulled me into a hard embrace and our lips meshed together perfectly.  It was absolutely flawless.  I didn't even notice the room full of applause behind us.+

When we pulled apart, Edward kept me in his arms and looked deep into my eyes.+

I was now Isabella Cullen, and I never wanted to turn back.9

~~So I have no excuses for not updating, because I'm not going to make a list... it would take up too much space. However, I will say that I lost my insperation for this story a very long time ago, and it's extremely difficult to write a story that you no long have interest in. I have so many fans on this story though that I was feeling so guilty:( So intead of leaving this story alone and never finishing it, I have forced myself to write you an ending. It may not be a perfect one, or even a good one, but I hope that you will still be happy with it. I'm so sorry for not writing in so long, I reallly wish I loved this story as much as I used to and that I could write you guys another dozen chapters, but I just can't. So here it is: The Final Chapter! Don't hate me for being so slow!~~2

Chapter 23- The Final Chapter+

Bella's POV+

Being locked in a room for an extended amount of time is not pleasant. Especially since I was so used to having free rein over my life. I paced the beautiful room over a hundred times, but I still couldn't hold back my panic.+

James has me, again. I knew this time he would never let me go. This added with the fact that I missed and longed for Edward more than anything caused every second to feel like a year.+

I didn't know what James had planned for me, but I knew it wouldn't be pleasant. He would either kill me or keep me as his pet for eternity.2

I'd rather him kill me now.+

The sound of the door opening caused me to jump and go into defensive stance. James stood there, glorifying smirk and all.+

"Well Bella, are you ready to face your fate?"+

Edward's POV+

The woman stood in front of us, her red curly hair blowing into her face.+

"Who are you?" She smiled at me and took a few steps forward.+

"My names Victoria, and I'm going to be the woman who saves your precious Bella."22

Bella's POV+

"Where are you taking me?" My hands were chained behind my back, a powerful chain that I couldn't break, as James dragged me down one of the many hallways.+

"To your fate."+

"What does that mean?! Just kill me already and get it over with!" His hand on my elbow grew tighter. He stopped and looked back at me, the ever-present smirk on his face.+

"Don't worry my dear. You'll be dead soon."+

Hearing him actually say those words sent more fear through me than I believed possible. After my whole selfish life, I still wasn't ready to die. +

I didn't want to die without seeing Edward at least one more time.+

Edward's POV+

This strange woman, Victoria, wouldn't give us any details about anything. Not on how she found us, how she knows Bella, or what her plan was. She only told us that she had her own reasons for wanting James dead.7

Before we knew it, we were on a plane headed for Italy. Our family knew we couldn't trust a random stranger.  At this point, however, her plan was the only one we had. +

I only knew I needed to get to Bella as soon as possible.+

I would save Bella or die trying.+

Bella's POV+

I stared at the clock tower as the big hand moved every minute. I began counting them; 46, 47, 48... I was counting down to my own death.+

James, with the help of some of Aro's thugs, tied me to a metal pole that was set up in the middle of the courtyard. They were going to burn me alive when the clock struck twelve, only four more hours to go.+

James stood not far away, just watching me with a smile on his face.+

I'd never hated him more.+

It was odd, the feeling of peace that overcame me in the face of death. I didn't know why I wasn't afraid, only that on some twisted level I was happy.+

I'd take dying any day if it meant I was dying for something good. And to me, becoming part of the Cullen family and falling in love with Edward was definitely something good.+

I wouldn't give up my moments with their family for anything, even my life.+

Edward's POV+

I could see her. +

Her face as she looked up at the clock tower. She almost looked peaceful. The moonlight flooded over her, causing her to seem like she was glowing.+

I'd never seen anything so beautiful in my entire life.+

My first instinct was to run from my hiding place and unchain her from that awful pole, but Alice held me back.+

"We have to follow the plan Edward. We'll save her." She smiled at me, and I smiled back.+

Victoria gave us each detailed instructions to follow. Her plan made more sense than anything any of us had come up with, so we followed along. +

I could see James watching Bella, his face one of twisted joy. I'd never seen something so disgusting. That's when Victoria walked up behind him and trailed her fingernail along his neck.+

"Hello, sweetie." She purred and kissed him on the neck.+

"It took you long enough to get here Victoria. I was beginning to think you weren't coming." Their lips connected, and Victoria deepened the kiss. We saw the subtle flick of a finger she sent our way, and Alice and I silently began to move towards Bella.+

Bella's POV+

It was funny, that so close to death my mind would play tricks on me. As I saw an Edward-that-couldn't-possibly-be-Edward walk towards me, I almost cursed at my mind. I didn't want to see a hallucination of Edward; I wanted to see the real thing. My mind was a cruel thing.3

"Bella..." The hallucination-Edward whispered into my ear. I could almost feel real breath on my neck. "We have to be quick. Victoria can't distract him for long."+

My mind was so diluted that a hallucination-Alice was even there too, and she began to unchain me with some tools. I was sure I'd lost it if my visions were this real. Or maybe I was dreaming.  Or maybe I was already dead. The chains dropped off me.+

"Come on, Bella." Edward whispered and took my hand, preparing to run. His hand felt too real and the shock that went through my body felt too real. I held him back and looked into his eyes; his eyes that were much too real.+

"Are you... are you really here?" My voice broke as I felt like I wanted to cry.+

"Yes, Bella, I'm here for you." He kissed me gently on the lips and all my doubts flew out the window. "Now we need to run." 1

I nodded and we began to run, only to bump into James.+

"Where do you think you're going Bella?" I held onto Edward's hand even tighter.+

"Leave her alone." Edward growled.+

"I don't think so." James took a step forward... and so did I.+

He looked shocked, as did Edward.+

"You can't control me anymore James. I'm not yours, and I haven't been for a very long time. You may have a peace of my mind, but that's all you have. I feel nothing for you besides disgust and hate. You have no place in my heart because it belongs to Edward. You can kill me, but it still won't change the fact that I'm not yours, and I never will be,"7

There was silence all around and I smiled, happy to finally be rid of all my feelings for James. He could kill me now, but at least I would die the happiest I'd even been.+

He began to advance toward me until a red-headed woman blocked his path.+

"Did you forget about me James? The woman you're supposed to love! Did I mean nothing to you?!" As she attacked him, Edward and I took that chance to run.+

As soon as we reached the outskirts of the city, a yellow race car pulled up.  Alice stuck her head out.4

"Need a lift?"3

On the drive to the airport, Alice and Edward explained to me what was happening back in Italy. Carlisle, Emmett, Rosalie, and the werewolf pack along with Victoria were going to handle James. They would be able to handle them; I was confident. Then we would all meet up back home and plan out how to deal with Aro and his gang.+

As I snuggled into Edward's arms on the whole plane ride, I couldn't help but feel I didn't deserve this good fortune. I didn't deserve Edward, but I still wouldn't give him up for the world.+

THREE MONTHS LATER+

"I thought that when I was human I loved James more than I could ever love anything, but that love was nothing compared to what I have with Edward. He is my everything and I cherish my every moment with him. +

James is dead, and I can't be happier at that news. He is a part of my past, and I will never miss him.+

Victoria is also dead; she gave her life in order to take James'. She loved him, and he didn't love her back.+

No one in the Cullen clan or the wolf pack was seriously hurt. Just a few scrapes and bruises.+

Jacob Black and I are back to our usual behavior of spending as much time together as possible. I love him, and he is the best friend I could ever ask for.+

Relations with the wolf pack have improved tremendously. There are still arguments, but everyone appreciates each other so much more. +

My life with the Cullen's continues to be bliss every single day. I've never felt so at home as when I'm with them."+

"Hello fiancé, what are you doing?" Edward leaned over the back of my chair and gazed into my eyes.6

"Hello fiancé, just writing in my journal." He sat beside me, and we shared a sweet kiss.+

"Are you writing about me?" He smiled and tried to grab my journal, but I snatched it back.+

"That's for me to know and you never to find out." I smirked and was about to jump up when all of the sudden the journal was again out of my hands.+

"Hmm... Bella's diary? Score!" Emmett screamed and dashed off into the living room. "I have Bella's diary! I have Bella's diary!"3

"Oh, you are so dead!" I screamed and began to chase him.+

"You won't hurt me; I know you love me!" He hollered back and continued to evade me.+

"You wish!" I pounced on him and the games began.2

I really did love this new life.+

I wouldn't trade it for the world.+

THE END27

I have news for those of you interested in this story. Although I'm finished writing this particular tale myself, as I have completely lost my inspiration, someone has asked me if they can continue the story. I'm absolutely delighted for this story to continue on, even if I'm not the one writing it.+

If you are interested in reading the second part to this story check out SerenityMetzger who will be naming the book: My Twilight 2.+

Here is a link for you to check it out:+

http://www.wattpad.com/story/35504143-my-twilight-23

I will be anticipating and reading this book, and I hope you all can do the same!+

Love you guys so much, and thank you for your continued support! <3+

------Hey guys!  I'm sure you never expected me to update again, but here I am!!  I recently went through and edited this story (I'm sure you know there were a lot of spelling mistakes).  After editing, I felt the need to add at least one more part.  I got many comments that the previous ending was a bit abrupt.  I'm really sorry about that.  To be honest, it was really hard for me to finish the story.  I tried my best, however, and I left a somewhat ambiguous ending.  Some of you liked it, some of you didn't.  Anyways, here is a little cherry-on-top for those of you who want it.  It's not very long, but I hope you still like it!  It's possible that I will add on more small epilogue's as inspiration hits me, but I make no promises.  Let me know if you like it, and maybe I will do more!------+

+

Epilogue+

My heart pounded in my ears and my chest felt tight.  I could swear I was having a heart attack.+

"Alice!" I gasped out and clutched at her purple lacy dress.  Her hair was pulled back behind her ears in beautiful waves.  She looked even more attractive than she usually did. "I think I'm going to pass out!"1

"You're not going to pass out, Bella.  You're a vampire, remember?" She patted my shoulder in a comforting gesture.  "Besides, you look amazing!"+

She turned me around so I faced a large full body mirror.  My white silk dress flowed around me and made me look like a princess.  A white lacy pin held a veil that cascaded past my shoulders and down my back; it trailed behind me on the floor.  My hair was pulled back and small ringlets of curls framed my face.  I let Alice do my make-up, and she really outdid herself.  She made me look stunning.+

"You did a really good job with my whole outfit.  Thank you Alice." I gave her a quick hug, and she smiled.1

"You're welcome, Bella.  It's not every day that a girl gets married!" At this remark, my expression became stricken.  When Alice noticed, she threw her hands to her mouth and gasped.  "I'm so sorry Bella!  I forgot you were married to James before.  I really am sorry!  I hope I didn't ruin your mood..." +

She trailed off and looked at her purple heeled feet in regret.+

"It's okay Alice.  Nothing can destroy my mood today.  I mean... I'm marrying Edward."  As I said it, the words began to truly sink in.  I'm marrying Edward today.+

After today, I will be Isabella Cullen.1

My nerves of a few moments ago immediately returned.  I groaned and grasped at my butterfly-filled stomach.+

"Alice, can't we just run to Los Vegas and get married?  That way there won't be a huge room of people." She scoffed.+

"Bella!  We talked about this.  It's your wedding day; you have to hold a huge reception!" +

"But I won't even know anyone out there!" I groaned in frustration.  We'd had this argument many times in the past few months.  Alice, somehow, always won.  I blame her cute pixie face; it always guilt-tripped me.+

"It doesn't matter!"  She placed her hands on my shoulders and looked me straight in the eyes.  "All that matters is that you will be marrying Edward today.  Ignore everything else." I nodded my head slowly.+

"Yes, you're right.  Thanks Alice." She clapped her hands and skipped a few feet away.+

"What else is a maid of honor for?" +

"Hey!  I'm her maid of honor." Rosalie appeared out of nowhere and pulled me into a big hug.  She wore a similar shade of purple to Alice, that being the decided on bridesmaid's color, but her dress was much longer.  It reached all the way down to her silver-heeled feet, but a slit in the front of the dress ran up to her upper thigh.  A dark purple sash wrapped around her middle and completed the ensemble.  She looked gorgeous, as she always did.+

"No, I am!" Alice called out in frustration.  They'd had this argument many times.  Technically, I never chose a maid of honor.  I didn't really care much about the whole wedding proceedings.  I let Alice be in charge of everything.+

Boy was that a big mistake.+

I never imagined she would make such a huge spectacle out of the whole event.  I should have known.+

"Bella, are you ready?"  Esme came around the corner with Carlisle on her arm.  Esme wore a grayish purple dress that was longer and more modest; Carlisle wore a black suit with a white rose pinned to his lapel, as did all the men.1

"Maybe." I replied hesitantly.  They both came over and came me a big hug in turn.+

"We are so proud of you and Edward." Esme said with a big smile.  I had a feeling she'd be crying if she could.+

"Thank you." I replied, and I really meant it.

Carlisle and I waited behind big dark oak doors as everyone marched down the aisle ahead of us.  Alice walked with Jasper, then Rosalie and Emmett.  Esme walked down the aisle alone and carried the wedding rings. Carlisle held out his arm for me.+

"I believe our turn is coming up soon." He whispered into my ear.+

"Thank you so much for this.  Since my own father passed away, you are the closest thing I have to a dad."  I felt the emotions overcome me, and I could tell Carlisle felt the same way.5

"You know I see you, and love you, as my own daughter." Before he could continue, the wedding march began.+

My heart jumped into my throat as the doors opened and we began our walk.  White roses rested all over the ground, sat on the end of each pew, and hung from the walls.  It made the room look pure and magnificent.  The huge church was overflowing with guests.  I recognized a few people from high school, such as that Mike guy who hit on me the first day of school.  I felt incredibly nervous with all of their eyes on me.  I nearly froze in fright.+

Then, I remembered Alice's words.  Edward was all that mattered.+

I looked to the end of the walkway, and my eyes locked onto his.  He looked stunning in his black tuxedo.  I wanted nothing more than to run and jump into his arms.  However, I walked slowly with Carlisle to the sluggish beat of the march.  It felt like an eternity before Carlisle placed my hand in Edward's.  A shock ran up my arm at the touch.+

The minister spoke on and on about the proceedings, but I didn't pay attention to him.  I was lost in Edward.  He seemed to be experiencing the same thing.+

Finally, it came to the part for us to say "I do" and put on the rings.  As Edward slid the ring onto my finger, I wanted desperately to be able to cry.  I felt my breath catch in my throat, and I sincerely wished to express my overwhelming emotions.  I wanted Edward to see the all-consuming effect he had on me.  As a vampire, however, no tears would come.+

"You may now kiss the bride."10

Edward didn't need any more prodding; he pulled me into a hard embrace and our lips meshed together perfectly.  It was absolutely flawless.  I didn't even notice the room full of applause behind us.+

When we pulled apart, Edward kept me in his arms and looked deep into my eyes.+

I was now Isabella Cullen, and I never wanted to turn back.9





