Zendaya as Jordyn Atwell"I love you, don't listen to them because I will always chose you."+


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                            3

Tom Welling as Charlie Jr Swan"No one has loved me like you have. You chose me and I still can't believe it."+


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

Billy Burke as Charlie Swan"You are my son. I can't begin to tell you how proud of you I am."+


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

Kristen Stewart as Bell Swan"What does he have that makes him so special?"29


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

Robert Pattison as Edward Cullen"I am not going to apologize for things that are out of my control."4


      
  
    
        
    
    
      
        
        
      
    
   


Nikki Reed as Rosalie Hale"No matter what happens I will always stand by you."2


      
  
    
        
    
    
      
        
        
      
    
   


Kellan Lutz as Emmett Cullen"You are like a daughter to me and I will kill anyone that hurts you."2


      
  
    
        
    
    
      
        
        
      
    
   


Jackson Rathbone as Jasper Hale"You trusted me, even when I couldn't trust myself and you have no idea how much that means to me."1


      
  
    
        
    
    
      
        
        
      
    
   


Ashley Green as Alice Cullen"I just want everyone in my family to be happy."+


      
  
    
        
    
    
      
        
        
      
    
   


Peter Facinelli as Carlisle Cullen"I'm sorry I let everything become such a mess."+


      
  
    
        
    
    
      
        
        
      
    
   
  1

Elizabeth Reaser as Esme Cullen"I should never have turned a blind eye to the rest of my children."+


      
  
    
        
    
    
      
        
        
      
    
   


Charles Michael Davis as Marcel Atwell"You are my world and I would do everything to protect you."6


      
  
    
        
    
    
      
        
        
      
    
   
  2

Chris De'Sean Lee as Kaleb Atwell"Thank you for standing by me no matter what."+


      
  
    
        
    
    
      
        
        
      
    
   
  3


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

she loved unconditionally +

he struggled with love+

together, they learnt how to love+

¥+

"You have no idea how much you mean to me. I never thought I would find someone that loves me like you do, unconditionally and with no care what anyone had to say."+

"I don't care about anyone else. You are the only person that matters to me. Without you, I can't imagine the rest of my life. I love you."+

"I love you, I love you so much."+

"I love you too, you have no idea how much."+


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

"The best and most beautiful things in this world cannot be seen or even heard, but must be felt with the heart."+


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

The last thing Jordyn wanted was to move to a new country and start school without her older brothers, the only family she had left. Everything had changed so quickly and before she knew it, she was living with people she didn't really know. Jordyn understood why her brothers did what they did, she was the youngest yet the most powerful which meant a lot of enemies coming after her for her powers. They had always been overprotective of her and would kill anything that tried to hurt her. They had asked the Cullen's to look after her as they were old family friends but Jordyn didn't really know the family and it took her a while to get used to them but when she did, she had become quick friends with most of them.+

Rose and Emmett had been really welcoming and did what they could to help her be at ease but she usually gravitated towards Jasper because he was so quiet and it was easy to be in the same space as him. Carlisle and Esme had done what they could but they had busy jobs. Alice kept her distance but the person she hated being around was Edward.3

"You ready to go?" Rosalie had asked her softly as she walked over to the car and got in. Rose knew she was struggling with the change but hoped she would find happiness soon.+

Jordyn sighed before looking at her friend, "I will be."+

When they pulled up to the school, Jordyn could feel the air around her change. As she stood by the Cullen's, a car pulled in and a handsome stranger walked out. Jordyn felt her heart stop as she looked at him. +

Rosalie turned to look at her friend, "Are you okay, Jordyn?"+

"Who's that?" She asked without taking her eyes off him.+

"Charlie Swan, Jr actually. Why?"+

"He's my mate."1


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

Jordyn ignored the Cullen's as she walked to the office to get her schedule. The rest of the siblings had arrived a couple of days before she did because she had been having a hard time getting used to her powers in such a big crowd but Jasper and Rosalie had helped tremendously and she wanted to do them proud. She practiced day and night, hoping to get as much control as possible so she could finish her education, just like her brothers wanted. It was hard being away from them but she wanted to make them proud.+

The last thing she thought would happen was meeting her mate but now that she had seen him, there was no way she was letting him slip away, no matter what anyone had to say.+

While caught up in her own thoughts, she bumped into someone and when she felt the sparks go through her body, she knew exactly who it was.+

"I'm so sorry." He spoke flustered with a blush.+

Jordyn couldn't help the grin on her face, "No, I'm the one that should be apologising, I wasn't looking where I was going."+

"I'm guessing you're new?"+

"I am and I'm actually looking for the office to get my schedule?" Jordyn pouted as she looked around to see if she could see a sign leading to the office but found none.+

"I could show you the way to the office? Oh, my name is Charlie by the way." He introduced himself as he held out his hand.+

Jordyn blushed as she took hold of his hand and felt the sparks all over her body and she knew he felt it too because he began blushing and held her hand tighter.1

"I'd like that. I'm Jordyn. It's nice to meet you, Charlie."+

"It's nice to meet you too, Jordyn."+


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

"How's your morning been?" Charlie asked softly as he helped Jordyn find her locker. The pair had most of their classes together but not AP Spanish which had been the class she had just finished. Charlie had promised that he would show her, her locker before taking her to the lunch hall to meet the rest of the Cullen's.+

Jordyn knew that not all of them would be okay with her having a human as a mate and bringing him into their lives but she didn't really care. Charlie was her mate and she would fight for him no matter what. She wanted nothing more than to spend the rest of her life with him, he was special and she knew she'd do anything to make sure he knew and felt it.1

Jordyn exhaled, "I hate school."+

Charlie laughed, "Trust me, you're not the only one that feels that way. It there has to be one good thing that happened today?" Jordyn couldn't help but smile at him, his happiness and laughter contagious. Jordyn knew she was falling for him and hard.+

"There is, I met you after all." Jordyn flirted as she took in his flustered state.2

Charlie blushed before rubbing his neck nervously, "I should show you the lunch hall." Jordyn didn't say anything but followed him nonetheless. He showed her where she could get her lunch before she walked over to the table the Cullen's were sat at.+

"You look like you had a fun morning?" Emmett smirked.+

Jordyn roller her eyes, "Must you be so annoying?"+

"You know he does. Now, tell me about him?" Rosalie smiled as she turned to face her. She might not be the biggest fan of humans but after everything Jordyn had been through, she deserved to be happy, especially with her mate.2

"Are you seriously indulging this? He's human, he does not belong in our world." Edward sneered.18

Jordyn looked at him with a raise eyebrows, "How is my relationship with my mate any of your business?" Jordyn knew Edward wasn't her biggest fan. For some reason he thought he was better than her and everyone should always listen to what he had to say.+

"He doesn't belong in our world."+

"That's where you're wrong. He's my mate and no one is going to keep him from me and I guarantee if you do, I will kill you."9


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                            1

As much as Jordyn loved most of the Cullen's there was no way she was going to let any of them ruin her happiness. She had found her mate, the person she wanted to spend the rest of her life with and nothing was going to take him away from her, at least not without a fight and fight for him she always would. When she had left the lunch hall to get to her afternoon classes, she was fuming and Charlie had picked up on it when he walked into Art class to find they were seat partners.+

"You don't look very happy." Charlie spoke softly as he took in her demeanour  and frowned when he noticed her shoulders become tense and a scowl came across her face.+

"I don't want to talk about it." The last thing she wanted was to worry her mate about something that she knew she'd solve nor would she let him worry about people that had no say in their relationship.+

Charlie placed his hand on hers and he felt the tension leave her body completely causing him to smile, "No matter what happens I want you to know that I'm here for you."+

Jordyn couldn't help the smile that came across her face, "Thank you, you have no idea how much that means to me." It had only been a few hours but she already felt at ease around him and he made it very easy for her to open up to him.+

"Anytime, I mean it." Charlie smiled. +

The rest of the class went by as they made small talk and lots of giggles while the rest of the class looked on in envy. Charlie Swan never got close to any girl but the moment he laid eyes on Jordyn, they knew he was off the market. Hell, all the guys knew not to try anything with Jordyn once they noticed how close she was getting to Charlie. Everyone could see that they were made for each other.+

"Can I walk you to your car?"+

Jordyn smiled, "I'd like that." Charlie smiled as he followed her to her locker where she placed her books. They continued to get to know each other before they walked into the parking lot.+

Charlie sighed as he noticed the glare of some of the Cullen's, "I should get going. I'll see you tomorrow?"+

"That you will." Jordyn conformed before she pressed a kiss to his cheek and made her way over to the family.+

"You have no idea what you're doing."3

"Well it's a good thing I don't care about your opinion."1


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

Jordyn just watched as the Cullen's argued over Charlie being her mate and her getting involved with him and the dangers it could bring to the family if the Volturi found out.+

"Why don't we let her decide what she wants?" Rosalie yelled. She might not have agreed with having a human in their lives but she knew that Jordyn of all people deserved to be happy.6

Edward scoffed, "No. He's human and he shouldn't know about us."+

"Who said anything about you?" Jordyn questioned. She genuinely wanted to know where he was coming from but more than anything she wanted to know where he got the courage from to question her relationship with her mate.1

Alice sighed, "If you get involved with him, he will find out about us."+

"But did you see that happening?" Alice shook her head in reply.+

Carlisle looked at the young girl, "We just don't want you to get hurt or start something that can raise too much attention. We promised your brothers we would look after you, we just don't want you to get hurt."+

"All we want is for you to be safe." Esme spoke.+

Jordyn looked at Jasper and Emmett, "Is that how you both feel too?"+

"No. You know I care about you and all I want is for you to be happy." Emmett replied with a smile. In the short time he had known Jordyn, she had become like a little sister to him and all he wanted was for her to be happy.1

Jasper looked at her with a small smile, "I am worried , yes because I don't want our secret to get out but I trust you and you deserve to be happy. I would never stand in the way of you finding happiness with your mate. I also trust you to do the right thing but more importantly, I want you to feel love because I know how much loved saved me."3

"Oh please, enough with that. He's human and he doesn't belong in our world." Edward growled.4

Jordyn glared at him, "He is my mate. Nothing you say is going to change that or take him away from me. He is everything to me and I'll be damned if you lay a hand on him. Mark my words Edward, anything happens to him, I kill you."+

"You wouldn't."3

"Try me."+


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

"So, what's this I hear about you finding your soulmate?" Kaleb teased. The two might have been very close but they sure knew how to get on each other's last nerves.+

Jordyn rolled her eyes, "You are so lucky I love you but yes, I did. His name is Charlie, he's the son of the police chief here in Forks. He's smart, caring, confident and so sweet. I still can't wrap my head around the fact the gods chose him to be my soulmate. I can't begin to tell you how happy I am and I wish you and Marcel were here with me. I miss you guys."+

Jordyn knew how important it was for them to figure out who was after her and the threat it could bring to their coming generations but she missed them. She had just found the love of her life and her brothers weren't here to tease her about it. She wanted to gossip with them and fight them for teasing her too much, that's what siblings were about anyway and she missed having that. +

Kaleb sighed, "I know. We both want nothing more than to be there for you as you discover yourself and find love but we also have to ensure that you can do those things. I'm sorry, rugrat, I wish it didn't have to be this way."+

"Me too, bubba, Me too." Jordyn pouted before she heard her oldest brothers voice, "Wait, is that Marcel?"+

"Yes it is, munchkin. How are you?" Marcel asked softly. Jordyn couldn't put in words how much she had missed him and hearing his voice had brought tears to her eyes. She truly had missed her brothers. They always managed to cheer her up, even if it meant teasing her to the point where she'd try and kill them.+

"I'm good. I wish you guys were here."+

Marcel exhaled, "I know, so do we but we're close. We are so close but until then, I want you to be happy and remember that we love you no matter what. I'm so proud of you, Kaleb is so proud of you and so are our parents. Take care of yourself and please keep us updated, especially on how it's going with your soulmate."+

"Wait, who told you?" Despite how close Jordyn was to her brothers, it was always to talk to Kaleb, Marcel not so much, especially regarding her love life so she wanted to wait before saying anything but clearly she was related to snitches. +

"You know who."+

Jordyn rolled her eyes, "Remind me to kill him when I see him."+

Marcel laughed, "You know you love him."+

"Unfortunately." Jordyn replied.+

Her older brother sighed, "I should go, we have a lead and hopefully we can end this soon. You should get ready for school."+

"I hate it when you're right. I love you."+

"I love you too, munchkin. I'll talk to you soon."+

"I'm holding you to that." Jordyn smiled as she hung up the phone. She took a moment to admire the scenery in front of her, the woods always being a comfortable place for her to get lost. Right now she wanted nothing more than to be with her brothers but the more she thought about leaving, the more it caused a pain in her heart and she knew it was because she would never leave Charlie.+

A knock came at the door and Rosalie popped her head in, "You ready? We're going to be late for school if we don't leave soon." Jordyn nodded as she grabbed her bag and followed, Rosalie out of the room.+

"You seem a little lost." The blonde stated.+

"I miss them." Jordyn whispered. +

Rosalie held her hand, "I know but they want you to be happy and right now, you have a mate that wants to get to know you. You care about him and he clearly cares about you, don't get too caught up in your head that you lose the best thing that's ever happened to you, I should know, I have no idea what I would do without Emmett."+

"I hate it when you're right." Jordyn groaned.+

"Maybe but you love me."+

"Unfortunately."+


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

Jordyn stood by her car looking over the parking lot, hoping to catch a glimpse of her soulmate but he hadn't arrived yet, but he did have some time before the bell rang and she was patient enough to wait for him. The morning had been quite emotional, therefore all she wanted was a hug from her soulmate. +

"You shouldn't be with him." Edward growled.+

Jordyn scoffed without looking at him, "Well it's a good thing I don't care about your opinion." She didn't wait for him to reply as she walked towards the other side of the parking lot to where Charlie had finally arrived. +

"Morning handsome."+

Charlie grinned, "Morning beautiful. What can I do for you this morning?"+

"You can agree to go on a date with me." Jordyn bravely spoke. Truth was, she was terrified but she wanted to be with Charlie, they both deserved to be happy and no one was going to stop her from being with him.2

Charlie bit his lip, "How can I say no to such a tempting offer?" He was definitely taken aback by her bravery but he was not going to say no to a date with the most beautiful woman he had ever laid eyes on.+

"You don't." Jordyn blushed.+

"Then I won't. How's Friday at 7?"+

"It's a date."+


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                            1

The rest of the week flew by as Jordyn and Charlie continued to get to know each other. They were both super excited for their upcoming date and neither could get over the giddiness they felt. He continued to make her laugh and feel safe and comfortable about being herself. +

"You seem to be in a good mood." Rosalie pointed out as they stood by Jordyn's locker to get the rest of her books for the day before walking to the lunch hall. +

Jordy couldn't help the grin on her face, "I am. Charlie and I are doing great and Kaleb is coming to visit this weekend. Sure Jordyn was upset that she wouldn't see her oldest brother but one was better than none and she really wanted them to get to know Charlie because he really was important to her.+

Rosalie smiled, "I'm happy for you, truly. I know I might not be the biggest fan of humans being exposed to this life but he makes you happy and that's all that matters. Your brothers love you and no matter what they will be happy for you."+

"You have no idea how much that means to me." Jordyn gushed. She and Rosalie didn't get along in the beginning because Rose didn't think she deserved to be exposed to their life but when they shared their stories, they came to a mutual agreement. And Rose just had a way with words that made her feel comfortable.+

 Rose nudged her shoulder, "I think I do."+

"What are you two lady's doing?" Emmett grinned as he wrapped an arm Rosalie's waist. Alice, Jasper and Edward right behind him. He looked at Jordyn, "Talking about your boy?"+

Jordyn giggled, "Maybe."+

"You keep smiling like that, your face is going to get stuck like that." Jasper teased as he placed an arm over her shoulders.+

Jordyn grinned, "You say that like it's such a bad thing."+

Alice beamed at the young woman, "You are going to look so beautiful tonight."+

"How did you know what I was going to wear?" Jordyn frowned.+

Alice shook her head with a smile, "I don't but you have amazing fashion sense and Rose might have asked me for a few ideas when helping you find a dress." Sure Alice kept a distance but she did care about Jordyn and she wanted her to be happy.+

"Thank you, that means a lot." Jordyn smiled. She and the pixie weren't as close as she was to the rest of the siblings but that didn't mean they didn't have their moments.+

Edward scoffed, "I still can't believe you're all indulging this. He shouldn't know about us and I can't believe you're letting her run around with him."6

"You know what, Edward? Fuck you! I deserve to be happy with my mate and if you weren't such a miserable git, you'd know that there was someone out there for you. Stop pissing on my parade and mind your own business."+


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

"You know, I never realised it before but it is so easy to talk to you. Just being around you makes me feel comfortable and safe and I've never had that before." Charlie confessed. He had always put himself last. He took care of his after his mother had walked out on them and his sister had stopped visiting them. He knew his dad worked hard and did what he could to make life easier for him.+

They had both decided to meet at the coffee place because Jordyn wasn't ready for any of the Cullen's to meet him just yet and Charlie wasn't sure what to tell his dad considering he had never dated before. +

Jordyn blushed, "I know what you mean because you make me feel the exact same way. You make me happy and being around just makes me feel giddy." +

They both brought out a side in each other that they craved. Charlie wanted, no needed, to feel loved and like he was their priority. He wanted to be put first and that everything he did mattered. It wasn't that Charlie didn't love his dad but he had spent most of his life taking care of a man that overworked himself too much and all he wanted was for someone to take care of him. Jordyn loved her brothers but they had each other and she always felt like she was alone without them. She wanted someone she could laugh with, tell everything to but most important, doesn't see her as the broken girl that lost her parents. +

Charlie smiled, "You had no idea how happy that makes me." From the moment she walked into his life, everything had been much brighter. She always made him laugh and she went out of her to ask him about his day and if there was anything she could do to help.+

They spent the rest of the evening getting to know each other and talking about absolutely everything. They laughed and giggled through out the entire date with a lot of blushing and subtle touches. When it had all come to an end, Charlie found the courage to kiss her softly and Jordyn was not going to protest, in fact she reciprocated the kiss with just as much enthusiasm despite how soft and sweet the kiss was.+


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

"I'm glad I came to Forks. Being here might just be the best thing that's ever happened to me."+

"You know, I might have to agree with you."+


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                            1

Jordyn couldn't wipe the grin off her face that morning. The date with Charlie had been absolutely amazing and she couldn't have asked for a better mate. She had decided to tell him the truth about everything but she wanted her brothers approval first. It wasn't that she wasn't confident in her decision, she just knew she had to give her brothers a heads up.+

"Someone's happy this morning." A voice spoke from behind her.+

Jordyn head quickly turned to find her brother Kaleb standing there. She shot up and ran to him, wrapping her arms around his neck, "I have missed you so much." The two spent the rest of the morning catching up with banter and laughs before Jordyn finally worked up the courage to ask her brother what she really wanted to ask him. +

"I want to tell him the truth but I'm not sure if I'm ready."+

Kaleb looked at his sister with narrowed eyes, "You are happy and that's all me and Marcel could ask for. You have every right to tell him everything, he is your mate after all. I know you worry about what me and Marcel would think but he deserves to know the truth. The last thing you want is to hide the truth from him and he gets hurt. It's okay to be scared but nothing can go completely wrong if you're not honest with him."+

"Thank you, you have no idea how happy it makes me to hear that from you." Jordyn spoke in relief. She understood why her brothers were so overprotective of her and what she was capable of but Charlie meant a lot to her and the last thing she wanted was to hide the most important aspect of her life from her mate. +

Kaleb pressed a kiss to her head, "I am so proud of you kiddo."+

"You have no idea how much that means to me."+


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

Jordyn knew she couldn't wait to tell Charlie the truth. The last thing she wanted was for a misunderstanding to happen and it would create a rift between them. Charlie had become someone that was very important to her, even in the short time she had known him and she wasn't ready to lose him so she knew she had to bare everything.+

"Why did you want to come all the way out here?" Charlie asked confused as he took in the scenery. They were in the middle of the woods, away from civilization and yet, Charlie trusted her with all his heart.+

Jordyn sighed as they finally came to a stop and she looked at him, "You mean a lot to me Charlie and the last thing I want is for you to feel like I'm hiding anything from you. I want to be honest with you and I want to tell you everything."+

"What do you mean everything?"+

"I'm a witch."1

Charlie had stared at her in shock before asking her loads of questions. Jordyn, of course, took the time to answer all his questions. She wanted him to know everything, she didn't want him to be afraid of her or what she could do. She bared everything to him, what had happened to her family, about her powers and what the Cullen's were. If he was going to be in her life, she didn't want any secrets.+

"How are you doing with all of this?" She asked him softly.+

Charlie held her hands in his, "I'm glad we got to know each other without having to wonder about everything else. I care about you and I understand why you waited to tell me but it changes nothing. I want to be with you. In the short time I have known you, you have made me so happy."+

"You have no idea how happy that makes me." Jordyn spoke with tears in her eyes. It was such a relief knowing that Charlie was okay with everything and still wanted to be with her. +

"Trust me, I know because being with you makes me happy too. I never did get to ask you but Jordyn, would you do me the honor of being my girlfriend?"1

"I would love nothing more."1


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

The next couple of weeks passed quickly and before she knew it, it was Christmas. Her favourite time of the year. The snow had stuck to the ground, lights adorning the halls and Christmas music playing everywhere. Jordyn was more than excited to be spending Christmas with her brothers, both her brothers, that were visiting and putting a pin on the search for whomever was after her. +

"Someone seems happy today." Charlie grinned as he pressed a kiss to his girlfriends head before taking her hand and continuing to wall the halls to their next class. He wasn't one for public affection but he just couldn't keep his hands off of her.+

Jordyn beamed, "Of course I am, it's the last day before winter break and then it's Christmas and New Year." She was excited to spend time with the people she loved and getting lost in the Christmas cheer.+

"Do you have any plans over the break other than spend time with your brothers?" Charlie asked. Jordyn could tell that he was nervous so she squeezed his hand in reassurance.+

"Not really." She replied.+

Charlie exhaled, "I was wondering if you would like to come over and have dinner with me and my dad? I would really like to introduce you to him." Charlie had always been close to his father, it had been the two of them for so long so he was important to him but Jordyn was important to him too and he wanted them meet.+

"Really?" Jordyn asked in surprise. She knew how close the father and son were and as much as she wanted to meet Charlie Sir, she didn't want to push Charlie to introduce the two. Charlie had briefly talked about his mother and sister but he wasn't really close with the two and it was easy to see how sad it made him to talk about them.+

Charlie nodded, "Really. You're important to me and I want you guys to meet."+

"I would love nothing more than to meet your dad." Jordyn beamed. She could feel the nervousness leaving his body and was happy that they were taking such a huge step in their relationship. Hell, she had already asked him to meet her brothers and he had happily agreed. +

"Thank you, you have no idea how much it means to me."+

"You know I would do anything for you."+


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

A couple of days later, Jordyn knocked on the door of the Swan house. She had been nervous about being Charlie's dad but she knew how important it was to him so she would suck it up and get it over with, besides he had to meet her family soon too.+

"You made it." Charlie smiled as he gave her a peck on the lips before letting her into the house. He had spent the day cleaning the house, cooking and making sure his was ready for the evening. He wanted everything to be perfect for when the two most important people in his life finally met.4

Jordyn couldn't help the smile on her face when she saw his, "Of course. You and I both know I have trouble saying no to you." Charlie took her jacket and hung it up before showing her the kitchen where his dad was sat.+

"Jordyn, I want you to meet my dad, Chief Charlie. Dad, I want you to meet my girlfriend, Jordyn." Charlie introduced the two with a grin on his face.+

Charlie Sir stood up and held his hand out for Jordyn, "It is nice to finally meet the girl that has made my son so happy. Welcome to the family, hun." Nothing made Charlie Sir more proud than knowing his son was happy and loved.+

Jordyn shook his hand, "It is nice to finally meet you too, Sir. Your son means a lot to me and I'm happy to finally meet the man that raised him." +

Charlie smiled as he watched the two make conversation before ushering them to sit down and puts dinner on the table for all of them. They all made small talk through out the dinner before Charlie Sir asked.+

"So who asked who out?"+

Jordyn smirked, "I asked him out." Charlie sat next to her blushing as his father looked at him in disbelief. Charlie Sir knew his son's girlfriend was strong and stubborn from what he had been told but he definitely taken aback by her bravery.+

Charlie Sir laughed, "Well, you sure know how to surprise an old man."+

"What can I say? He's sweet, smart and caring, everything a girl could hope for. I was not about to let him slip out of my hands. He means a lot to me." Jordyn blushed as Charlie held her hand under the table.+

"I am glad he found you." Charlie Sir smiled as he saw the look on his son's face while he gazed at his girlfriend. All he wanted was for someone to love his son and be there for him in every way.+

"Me too, Sir, me too." The rest of the evening went by without a hitch. The father and girlfriend joked around like old friends and much to the dismay of Charlie, made fun of him while all he could do was blush. After dinner, he had finally showed her around the house before they ended up in his bedroom, cuddling on his bed.+

"I'm glad you agreed to met him. Even though it hasn't been fun watching the two of you poke fun at me, I'm happy you came." Charlie sighed as he pressed a kiss to her head.+

Jordyn leaned up to press a kiss to his jaw, "Me too. It's been fun. Besides, you know I'd do anything for you."+

"I'm so glad you came into my life."+

"I know exactly how you feel, you mean so much to me."+


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

"Why are you putting us in danger?"3

Jordyn rolled her eyes as she looked at Edward. Her relationship with Charlie had been going really well and the two had gotten considerably closer over the past couple of months and before they knew it, it was the end of the year and they were getting ready for the summer holidays. She was spending time with her brothers in Europe while Charlie was going travelling with his dad, who had finally found the time for a vacation with his son and they were both extremely happy to spend some time together without the stress of work and school. Both Jordyn and Charlie knew they would miss each other but they both understood the importance of family and being with the people that loved them.+

Jordyn rolled her eyes as she looked at Edward, "You know, I rarely lose my temper but you are getting on my last nerve." Her and Edward rarely got a long but over the past couple of months he has kept his opinion to himself on her relationship but clearly, he just doesn't know when to sit down and shut his mouth because no one wants to listen to his opinion. 1

"He is human and it's dangerous for him to be in our lives. You could get him hurt or killed, can you live with that?" He growled.+

Jordyn stood in front of him, "Your opinion does not matter to me. I love Charlie and I am perfectly capable of protecting him, you cannot tell me otherwise. Just because you have not found your mate, you don't get to project your insecurities and loneliness onto me. I'm happy. I deserve to bye happy and nothing you say is going to change that. So, do me a favour and piss off because I quite frankly do not care about your opinion."+

"You need to listen to me. This is dangerous. He is human and he could get killed because of your carelessness. He doesn't belong in our world. He needs to leave." Edward yelled as he glared at Jordyn.+

Jordyn sighed, "Fine. You want him gone, he will be."+

"Good." Edward nodded as the rest fo the family looked at them in shock. How dare Edward tell her that her mate needed to stay away? But more importantly, why did Jordyn agree? They couldn't understand what was going through her head and why she would agree to something like that.+

"He will leave and I will follow him." Jordyn firmly spoke as he looked Edward dead in the eye. Who the hell was he to tell her that she couldn't be with her mate? What gave him the right to have an opinion on her love life? She was happy and he was perfectly fine raining on her parade.+

"What?!" Everyone yelled at the same time.+

Edward glared at her once again, "What are you talking about?"+

Jordyn shook her head, looking at the rest of the family before her gaze fell on Edward, "He is my mate. He will always come first to me. I want to be with him and if that means I have to leave, then so be it. I deserve to be happy but more importantly, he deserves to be happy and I refuse to break his heart because you're not okay with us being together. He is the love of my life and I will always chose him first."+

"We don't want you to leave." Rosalie spoke sadly. She and Jordyn had gotten close over the past two years and the last thing she wanted was to lose her best friend. Despite not agreeing with a human knowing about their world, Charlie was Jordyn's mate and he had every right to know everything about her and the world she was born into. Jordyn shouldn't have to chose between her mate and the people that cared for her because everyone knew she would always chose Charlie.+

Jordyn smiled sadly at the woman, "I don't want to but I'm not going to choose between you guys and Charlie, because its always going to be him."+

Emmett nodded before walking over to her and wrapping his arms around her, "We know and you know we'd never ask you to chose. He's your mate, you should be with him."+

Jasper also walked over and put an arm over her shoulders, "We want you to be happy. We don't want you to leave." The two men hugged her tightly as tears started to fall down her cheeks. The Cullen's had become her family in the short time she had known them, well most of them at least.+

Jordyn wiped the tears as she took a step back, "I am not going to chose between you guys and Charlie."+

Esme took a step forward and hugged the young witch, "We would never ask you to. You deserve to be happy with your mate and we will not get into the way of that." +

Edward looked at his family in disbelief, "Why are you all so comfortable letting him into our lives? He could expose us all. We could all be in danger because of this. Why am I the only one concerned?" In that moment, Rosalie wanted nothing more than to kill her brother.1

"She is happy and nothing you say is going to change that. She is careful and Charlie has not posed a threat to this family, if anything he has kept our secret and not given any indication that he was going to tell anyone. He cares about Jordyn and he has proven how good he is for her. You don't get to decide if they get to be together. Stay out of her business." Rosalie spat as she glared at Edward.+

Edward looked taken aback before looking at Jordyn, "You need to chose, this family or him?" He was angry and couldn't understand why Rosalie of all people would agree to have a human in their lives.3

"I can't say I expected anything else from you but you and I both know you're not going to like my choice."+

"I guess that's it then."+


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

"How are you doing?"+

The summer had pretty much flown by and Jordyn couldn't wait to go back to school, well it was more like she couldn't wait to see Charlie again and hold him in her arms. The summer had been long and the mates missed each at more than anything but they did have a lot of fun with their families. Charlie had gone a road trip with his dad all over the country, fishing and camping and the pair were closer than ever. Jordyn had visited different covens with her brothers and had even managed to contain the threat to her life and family, which meant Marcel and Kaleb were coming back to Forks with her and with how she had felt everything with the Cullen's, she needed her brothers now more than ever.1

Jordyn sighed, "I've been better. As much as I hate the way things ended with the Cullen's, I'm okay. I still keep in touch with Rosalie, Emmett and Jasper. I was never really close with Alice and honestly, I don't think she ever liked me. Carlisle and Esme made it clear that Edward will always be their favourite and quite frankly, I don't care. As for Edward, he can go die in hole for all I care. I'm just glad I go back to Forks with my two favourite people." Jordyn knew she had to cut her loses with Alice, Carlisle, Esme and Edward as they had made no effort to reach out to her. When she had told Marcel what had happened with the Cullen's before she left, he had been fuming at the way they had treated his sister. He had trusted them and instead they hurt her and he was not okay with that.+

"You excited to see him again?" Kaleb teased.+

"Who?" Jordyn played dumb knowing it would annoy her brother.+

Kaleb rolled his eyes, "You know who I'm talking about. Why you gotta be like that?"+

"You know I love tease you." Jordyn giggled before answering his question, "I am very excited to see him. FaceTime can only do so much but he's having fun and so am I. As much as I care about Charlie, we both have families that love and care about us and we want to spend time with them. Neither of us want to get too attached to each other to the point where we depend on each other for everything. We both have individual lives and we just happen to fit in each other's lives, that's what makes this relationship so beautiful. He makes me so happy and I'm proud to call him my mate. Being apart from him has not been fun."3

"Don't worry, you'll see him soon."+

"I really hope so."+


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

The next few days went by rather quickly and before she knew it, it was the start of term. Kaleb and Marcel had set up a house in between Forks and Quilette land on no-mans land and Jordyn loved it. The house was surrounded by woods and it was close to the beach. It was open but also enclosed and it allowed her to practice her magic away from the public. Her brothers had talked her through the importance of practicing her magic but also training without her powers so she was prepared for anything that came her way. Rosalie, Emmett and Jasper had visited the night before and they were able to catch up on how everything had been going the past couple of weeks and they reassured her that nothing between them had changed.+

"Jordyn!" She heard as she got out of her car. She looked around the parking lot to find Charlie standing by his car, waving for her to come over to him. Jordyn did not hesitate as she dropped her bag and ran over to him. She threw herself at him, wrapping her arms and legs around him. +

Charlie laughed as he hugged her back just as tightly, "I missed you too."+

"I missed you so much." Jordyn exhaled as she pressed kisses all over his face while he blushed. Charlie tried to put her down but she refused to let her go so he continued to hold her until the bell rang. He put her down but she held his arm and refused to let him go, not that he was complaining. Charlie really had missed her too. He helped her get her bag before helping her to her first class.+

Jordyn pouted, "I don't want to leave you."+

Charlie chuckled, "I know but we both have to get an education and I promise that I'll be here at the end of your class."+

"Promise?"+

"I promise."+

And he certainly fulfilled his promise. Charlie was there at the end of every class and let her sit in his lap during lunch. The day had gone by rather fast and the two mates couldn't wait to spend more time together.+

"Do you want to come over?" Charlie asked as he led her towards her car. His dad was working and he would have the house all to himself. He wanted nothing more than to spend more time with Jordyn, being apart from her for so long had caused an ache in his heart and having her close made him feel so good.+

Jordyn beamed, "I would love to." She had followed Charlie to his house after texting her brothers, who obviously teased her but told her to stay safe and use protection. 1

When they got to the house, they got comfortable in his bedroom, watching a film that he had picked. He cooked dinner for the both of them, making sure to leave some for his dad when he came home late. They laughed and talked but the longer they stayed close to each other, the kisses got heavier and the touches got hotter and in the end, neither could wait any longer. +

And that night, the two mates finally consummated their bond.1


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

"Wake up, beautiful." Charlie softly whispered.1

Neither wanted to wake up after spending such a magical evening together. Consummating their bond meant they could feel each other's emotions and their touch brought a comfort to each other they never thought possible. Charlie couldn't be happier knowing who he was spending the rest of his life with and Jordyn couldn't believe she had found someone to love her unconditionally.+

Jordyn groaned, "No. I don't wanna get up." She was way too comfortable in the arms of her mate and the last thing she wanted was to leave his arms.+

"We have school." Charlie reminded her.+

Jordyn scoffed, "Fuck school."+

Despite how much she wanted to argue, Jordyn knew she had to get up to get to school or her brothers would come and find her and that's the last thing she wanted right now, especially considering the fact they were both naked. +

The two mates quickly got dressed, ate breakfast that Charlie was kind enough to cook and Jordyn drove them both to school. They took a moment to sit in the parking lot, enjoying each other's company before they really had to get out and make their way towards their classes.+

"Someone looks like she had fun last night?" Emmett teased as she sat down next to him in AP Spanish. She knew he would tease her but honestly, it didn't bother her as she really had enjoyed herself last night. She was bonded to the love of her life and nothing could bring her down now, especially not Emmett's teasing or Edward's disgust.+

Jordyn smirked, "I certainly did."+

Emmett laughed, "Damn, kiddo really grew up." Jordyn rolled her eyes as he kept teasing her. As much as she loved him, she knew he wouldn't be stopping anytime soon which is why Jasper started laughing when he saw the look on her face as she sat down next to him during her next class.+

"That bad?"+

"Remind me again why I put up with the man child? I have never met anyone so infuriating and the worst part, nothing he says is wrong because I did enjoy myself and I am happy with how last night went. Why does he have to keep reminding me though?" Jordyn pouted.+

Jasper chuckled, "You're just mad that everything he said turned you on and you won't be seeing Charlie till lunch."+

"I hate you both."+

"No you don't."+

The rest of the morning, Emmett and Jasper spent teasing her about her and Charlie finally consummating their bond but she knew they meant well, hell even Rosalie had begun teasing her and she said it was payback for all the times Jordyn teased her about her sex life.+

"Must you all be so annoying?" Jordyn groaned as she continued to eat her lunch.+

Charlie laughed, "You know they do." He had joined them for lunch, with Jordyn sitting on his lap. Edward had, of course, refused to sit with them and went to the library, Alice right behind him but no one complained. The rest were content to spent the lunch period laughing and teasing each other.+


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

"Can you come over please?"+

Jordyn had been very confused when Charlie had called her to come over. She knew he was spending the evening with his dad and she thought everything had been going well but when he had called, he sounded so sad and Jordyn for the life of her couldn't figure out what was going on but she complied nonetheless and found herself sat on his bed not long after he had called.+

"You know you can talk to me." She spoke spoke softly.+

Charlie sighed before he looked at her, "My dad just told me that my little sister is going to come and live with us until she finishes school."+

Jordyn was a little confused. She knew that Charlie didn't have a good relationship with his sister but he seemed so sad knowing she was coming and she couldn't figure out why, "Why is that such a bad thing?"+

"Bella and I never really got along. When our parents split, Renee chose to keep Bella and pretty much gave my dad no choice to keep me. I know my dad loves me and I love him but knowing my own mother didn't want me, for a long time I didn't know how to deal with it. Bella blamed me for our parents splitting and whenever she's here to see dad, treats the both of us like she's better than us. Dad's always taught me to rise above but it hurts knowing my own mother and sister didn't want me." Charlie explained sadly. +

Jordyn hated seeing him so upset so she placed herself in his lap and held his face in her hands, "I do not care for your mother or sister. I love you . You are an amazing man, son and friend and we are all lucky to have you in our life. You should be proud of the man you have become because you are worth it. Your mother and sister do not deserve you, if they don't want to see the man you've become, they don't deserve to have you in their life. I love you, more than you'll ever know. Your dad loves you and your friends love you. You are loved, two less people is not going to change that." Jordyn knew she didn't like his sister and mother and she probably never would. Charlie was the sweetest man she knew, he deserved all the love in world and she would ensure nothing would get in the way of that.+

Charlie rested his head on her chest, "I just wish I didn't feel so upset. I really tried with the both of them, I'm just done. If they don't want a relationship with me, I'm not going to push it. If they want nothing to do with me, I'm going to treat them the same."+

"I am so proud of you. I love you."+

"You have no idea how much that means to me. I love you."2

END OF PART 1!+


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

"The best thing to hold onto in life is each other."+


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

"I can't do this anymore."9

Jordyn was certainly taken aback by the text message she had received from Charlie. She knew he was having a hard time with having his sister back but she didn't know it was that bad. Charlie had texted her throughout the weekend to update him on helping his sister move back in but as the weekend progressed, the texts just got worse. He was finding it harder to keep himself sane and not completely break down.+

Jordyn did the only thing she could think of at the moment and that was pick up the phone and call him, "What's going on?"+

Charlie sighed, "I hate this. She is so selfish and rude to dad. She acts like she's entitled to everything and puts dad down whenever she can. She keeps asking about my personal life and hasn't let go of the fact that I have a girlfriend. She keeps referring to how great her life in Phoenix was and that Forks is so bland. I hate it. She acts like dad and I are beneath her." Charlie had never really had a good relationship with his sister but in the few hours they had been reacquainted, she was selfish, rude and disrespectful. He wished she was the Bella he remembered but she wasn't and he wasn't sure what to do about it.+

Jordyn just listened as he ranted, "I know it's not easy for you. You and your dad are the nicest people I know and if she can't see that, then that's her loss. I love you, nothing she does or says is going to change. You are an amazing person and anyone in your life is lucky to have you. Besides, only a couple more months before we graduate." She hated knowing he was so upset, especially because of someone that clearly didn't feel the same way about him. +

"You sure know how to cheer me up, doll face." Charlie chuckled.1

"That's because I love you."+

"I love you too."+


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

When Monday morning had come around, Jordyn was anxious to see Charlie. They had spent of the night on the phone, calming his nerves and reassuring him that everything was going to okay. She hated that he was feeling so upset and it hadn't been the fact she had overslept, she would have picked him up in the morning. When she drove into the parking lot, Charlie was already there and she made beeline for him.+

"I love you," he spoke softly as he wrapped his arms around her tightly.+

Jordyn pressed a kiss to his neck, "I love you too."+

The two clung to each other most of the day. They walked each other to class, sat in the library during lunch and embraced each other in the parking lot at the end of the day. Jordyn, however, was a little confused when she saw Edward race out of school towards his car, getting in and peeling out of the partaking lot. The rest of the Cullen's not far behind. She looked at Rosalie in confusion, who promised she would explain later. However, during all of this, neither had expected Bella to walk up to them.+

"Who are you?" She asked with a tight smile. As she watched the girl in Charlie's arms, she couldn't help the scowl on the face. What did anyone see in him?1

Jordyn frowned as she looked at her, "Jordyn Atwell. Who are you?" Jordyn had a small inkling to who she was but she was going to wait for her to introduce herself. Jordyn was not one to be intimidated, not now, not ever.1

"I'm Bella Swan, Charlie's sister." She replied with a smirk. Jordyn already knew she was going to be a problem with her attitude. She acted like she was above others and that all eyes should be on her but she was in for a reality check if she thought she thought she could boss Jordyn around.+

Jordyn nodded, "I see. I've heard about you, still not sure why you're back in Forks. From the sounds of it, you seemed happier in Phoenix." Jordyn was not going to play nice with Bella, not after the way she has been treating her brother and father.+

Bella glared at her before making it, "I missed Forks and I wanted to spend more time with Charlie and dad." It was easy to see that she was lying. Bella was selfish and wanted to disrupt the peace that Charlie had because he was doing just fine without her and their mother.+

Jordyn looked at her with a smirk, "Something tells me that's not the truth."+

"You know nothing."+

"Maybe but I am very protective of the people I care about."+


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

"What is going to happen now?"+

After Edward left the school, Jordyn had dropped Charlie off with the promise that she would find out what happened between Edward and his sister but before that she needed to talk to her brothers. Jordyn was sure that the reason Edward left is because Bella was his blood singer and the last thing she wanted was for that to effect the relationship she had with Charlie.+

Marcel shook his head firmly, "Nothing. Charlie is your mate and no matter what happens, you are going to fight for him and we will be right by your side. Nothing Bella or Edward do or say is going to change the fact you both have people standing by you. She might be his blood singer but Charlie is your mate, which means there's nothing he can do that's going to get in the way of that. He's a dick and I'm perfectly fine killing him if it comes to it."3

"I am so lucky to have you in my life." Jordyn gushed as Kaleb hugged her.+

"Marcel is right. We love you. Edward is a dick that believes everything should go his way. He is in for a rude awakening if he thinks he can ruin your beautiful relationship. We'll handle him when it comes to his." Kaleb firmly spoke to his sister.+

"And neither will we." A voice spoke from the door. Rosalie, Emmett and Jasper standing there.+

Rosalie gave her a soft smile while being weary of her next words, "You know we love you. We will always fight for you. He left because he was afraid of killing her but he did say that she was his mate, not that anyone really believes him."1

Jordyn looked at their confused, "What do you mean? If she's his mate, shouldn't you believe him?"+

"He was adamant about how he felt when it comes to having a human amongst us. She might be his mate but he's going to stay away from her, lord only knows if it will last. We all saw how he looked at her. She interests him. This is going to cause issues." Jasper sighed.+

"That it will. I just hate knowing that this is going to effect Charlie. He's already stressed with Bella, the last thing I want is to cause a bigger strain on their relationship or stress out his dad." Jordyn sighed as she rubbed her face due to the stress.+

Emmett placed a hand on her shoulder, "And we will do everything to make sure that doesn't happen. You fought for Charlie and nothing should get in the way of that, especially not Edward. We've got your back, always, you know that."+

"I do. Thank you guys."+

"You know we'd do anything for you, sweetie."+


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

"What are you doing here?"+

Jordyn had promised Charlie that they would study together after school. The two had been apart for so long that they wanted to spent as much time as they could but they both still had school to get through so a study date was the next best way to spent time together without getting shit from their guardians. +

She took a deep breathe, hoping for some strength, "Charlie and I are studying." Jordyn knew she didn't owe Bella anything and quite frankly, the way she was looking at her made her feel extremely uncomfortable and she was sure it showed on her face.+

Bella glared at her, "Why would you want to be with someone like him?"+

Jordyn didn't know where Bella was going with her point but she didn't like it at all, "Charlie is the bravest, kindest and sweetest person I know, nothing you say is going to change that. He is everything to me and I will not let you ruin that." She wanted to make it very clear to Bella that Charlie was worth everything and that someone as selfish as Bella didn't belong in his life.+

Bella glared at her, "I just don't understand why anyone would see anything in him. I'm so much better than him. He doesn't deserve to be anywhere near the Cullen's." And just like that, Bella had managed to reveal her deepest desire.1

"You know, I'd like to say I didn't see this coming but that would mean you weren't predictable. You think you're better than those around you but let me tell you something, you're not. You're selfish, think you're entitled to everything and have no regard for the consequences. I will not let you ruin Charlie's life because you think you deserve whatever he has. I love him and I will not let you hurt him." Jordyn spoke firmly as she glared at her.+

Before Bella could reply, Charlie came up behind her. He looked at his girlfriend with a grin, not noticing the tension between his girlfriend and sister. All he saw was his girlfriend standing there, glowing with beauty and he wanted nothing more than to kiss her till he couldn't breathe.+

Jordyn stopped paying attention to Bella the moment she sees her mate. She walked past the brunette, dropping her bag as she went before landing in front of Charlie, placing her hands on his face and kissing him. Neither noticed that Bella had walked off with a scowl, stomping her feet as she went.+

"I missed you." Charlie sighed in content as he gazed at her.+

Jordyn giggled, "You saw me an hour ago."+

"Any time away from you is too long."+

"Can't argue with that."+


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

The whole week had been stressful on the mates. Bella had been asking nonstop questions, while the Cullen family continued to fight about Edward leaving. Rosalie, Emmett and Jasper were all for Edward leaving as he couldn't control himself but Alice, Esme and Carlisle had faith in him, which Jordyn didn't understand as he had proved otherwise. +

"Where is he?" +

Charlie buried his face in Jordyn's neck as Bella had walked over to them and asked about Edward one again. The pair had tried to tell her that he had a family emergency but clearly she didn't believe them and was curious about his whereabouts. +

Jordyn rolled her eyes, "I've already told you, he's away on a family emergency. He'll be back soon, I don't know what else you want me to say." She was reaching the end of the patience that she had left for Bella. It wasn't like she could kill her, she was her mate's sister, not that she hadn't thought about it.+

Bella scoffed, "I know what you've been telling other people but I don't believe you. Tell me what really happened to him. I deserve to know." Bitch thought she could run her mouth and not expect to be smacked and if it hadn't been for the grip Charlie had on her, Jordyn certainly would have smacked her.1

"Mind your own business. Where he is, is none of your business." Jordyn spoke as she glared at her.+

Bella stomped her feet, "I want to know."+

"No. You know what? You've been constantly asking about something that has absolutely nothing to do with you. Mind your own business. When he comes back you can bother him but until then, leave us alone." Charlie yelled at her. He had finally had enough of the constantly poking her nose in their business. Neither of them wanted anything to do with Edward so why did she constantly ask about him when they made it clear they wanted nothing to do with him? He loved his sister but he was slowly losing patience with her and her constant need to meddle in other people's business.1

Bella took a step back in shock, "I-."+

Charlie shook his head, "No, I'm done. Ive had to listen to your nonsense for the past week and I'm done. What the Cullen's do is none of your business so get over it and leave us alone. I don't want to keep dealing with this. I just wanted to graduate and you're not helping." The two women watched him walk away before Bella looked at Jordyn.+

"I didn't do anything wrong."+

"How can you be so delusional."1


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

"What did you say to her?"+

Jordyn had decided to go to the Cullen house so that she and Rosalie could finish an essay but she had not expected Edward to show his face or get in her face. Apparently he had heard through Rosalie's thought that she had, had a confrontation with Bella and clearly he didn't like that. +

Jordyn looked at him confused, "What are you talking about?"+

"Bella. I'm talking about Bella. What did you say to her?" Edward yelled as he glared. Jordyn was trying to figure out where he got the audacity to speak to her like that. She didn't owe him shit, yet he somehow managed to make it all about him.+

Jordyn rolled her eyes, "I don't owe you an explanation. She was hurting my mate by not being able to stay away from something that had nothing to do with her. She has no business snooping around and I have no one but you to blame. You leaving made her suspicious and all she's done is bother my mates. If your blood singer doesn't stay away from us, I will hurt her." And that was a promise. Jordyn had vowed that no one was going to get in the way of Charlie's happiness, including is sister.1

Edward charged at her, "I will kill you." He tried to grab her by her neck but Jordyn was quicker, holding him in mid-action, using her magic.+

"Edward!" +

The whole family joined them in the living room as they watched Jordyn holding Edward with her magic but it was evident that he charged at her first. They didn't know what to do but the last thing they wanted was to piss Jordyn off even more.+

"You are a coward, trying to put everyone else down because you don't know what you want. I'm not going to let you tell me what to do and control my life, just because you feel like lost and confused. I'm not a puppet in your game. Grow up or I will hurt you." Jordyn spoke as she tightened her hold on Edward.+

"Let me go." He groaned. +

Jordyn did as he asked but glared at him, "I pray for your sake you head my warning because we both know I can do a lot of damage."1


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                            2

"Where do you see yourself in five years?"+

With the chaos that had been happening the past few days, all the two mates wanted to do was be in each others arms and bask in each other's embrace and love. However, Jordyn had not expected Charlie to ask her such a loaded question. +

Jordyn frowned, "I don't know. All I know is I see you in my future." You never know what the future holds but all Jordyn knew was she needed Charlie. Without him, she didn't even want to think about her future. All she wanted was to be with him.+

"I want to open my own garage here in Forks and buy a house. Ask you to marry me, maybe have a few kids." Charlie spoke softly, almost nervous.+

Jordyn moved so she could look at him, "I want nothing more than to spend the rest of my life with you. Ive already applied to Washington State University, I want to become a paediatric nurse, you know how much I love children. I want to build a house and family with you. I want nothing more than to have a future with you."+

"You mean that?"+

Jordyn smiled before pressing a kiss to his cheek, "I love you. You happiness means the world to me. I want nothing more than to spend the rest of my life with you. Being with you has made me the happiest I have ever been. I love you, Charlie swan."+

"You have no idea how much that means to me." Charlie blushed as he hugged her closer. Being with Jordyn was the happiest he had ever been. Being with her made him feel free and loved. She made him feel like he could do anything he put his mind to. She made him feel special, something he had never felt before.+

"I love you, beautiful."+

"And I love you, handsome."+


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

The next few days had passed rather quickly as the mates studied for a few upcoming tests and essays. Almost everyday, they leave as soon as the bell rings and they study at one of their houses. They would spend time on the Rez, enjoying the beach or eat at their favourite diner. Neither really wanted to dwell on the drama around them, especially anything pertaining to Bella and Edward, so they stayed away from both of them but when Rosalie requested that she come to the house after an incident at the school, she didn't know what to think.+

Jordyn walked in and asked confused, "Why am I here?"+

"Edward almost exposed us all." Rosalie screamed as Emmett was holding her back. +

"What? What the hell happened?" Jasper explained what had happened and was prepared to stop Jordyn from killing Edward, not that he didn't deserve it. Edward had after all exposed them all to the humans and they might have to move.+

Jordyn glared at Edward as he walked into the room, "I'm going to kill you."+

"What was I supposed to do? Let her die?"2

Jordyn scoffed, "Considering all the problems that she has caused and from the looks of it will continue to cause, yes. Hell, I'd kill her myself. She has caused enough problems for my mate and father and I refused to let her hurt them any further." +

Edward glared at her as he took a few step closer to her, "You won't lay a hand on her." Jordyn was amused that he thought he could threaten her considering what she did to him the last time she threatened him. She was powerful and wasn't about to let someone like him boss her around.+

"I guess we'll see about that, won't we?" Jordyn smirked.+

Alice sighed, "We need to let it play out. We can't interfere with fate." Jordyn wanted nothing more than to punch the pixie in the face. Alice always talked like she knew everything despite her visions being completely subjective. What pissed Jordyn off even more was the fact she thought she had a hold over Jasper, despite him making it clear he had a mate out there.1

"That's a joke and we both know it. He's obsessed with her and we all know this will end badly. He doesn't care who he's hurting and quite frankly I don't think you do either." Jordyn spoke as she looked at Carlisle and Esme, "He might be your first child but you put him before anyone else. He can do no wrong in your eyes and no one else's opinion matters. Mark my words, he will be the end of this family."+

Carlisle looked at her shocked, "You don't mean that."+

"I do. He's a selfish brat, only thinks about himself and you haven't shown him otherwise. You don't care about your other children. They've stood before you and voiced their opinions but you don't care. Quite frankly, I wouldn't be surprised if they chose to leave the Coven." Jordyn spoke firmly.1

"I can't say that I disagree." Rosalie replied as she crossed her arms over her chest. She and Emmett had been thinking about leaving the Coven when they found out about Bella being Edwards blood singer. Carlisle and Esme had refused to listen to any of them, not that they had over the years, and they had finally had enough.+

'Seriously? You're letting her drive you away?"+

"No, Edward, you did that."+


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

"So what are you guys planning on doing next?"+

A couple of days after the conversation at the Cullen's house, Rosalie had sat down Jordyn to have a one on one chat, just to vent really. Jordyn had always been a sound board for Rosalie and she appreciated just having another girl to talk to, her and Alice had never really been close. +

"Well, Emmett, Jasper and I are planning on moving out." Rosalie had always loved the idea of a family, being with the Cullen's had provided that but the past couple of years it hadn't felt like that. Carlisle and Esme pretty much did what they could to please Edward, not taking anyone else into consideration and they refused to see what they were doing wrong.1

Jordyn shook her head, "I'd like to say I'm surprised but I'm not. I just hate that its come to this. You, Emmett and Jasper are so much more important than they have made you feel, you deserve to have your voice heard and be able to state your opinion. It's not fair that they only care about Edward and Alice as well. One of these days their neglect is going to bite them in the ass."1

"Me too, I hate that we have to move out of our family home because of Edward and his drama with Bella. More importantly, he invited her over this weekend and he told her everything about vampires." Rosalie scoffed.+

Jordyn's eyes widened, "Wait, seriously?! Just when I thought he couldn't get any dumber. Bloody hell, what is he thinking telling her everything? Now, she's just going to make it worse for Charlie and their father, and I will not have it. If I have to kill him, I will."+

"I'll help." Rosalie promised. +

"Oh, I know you will." Jordyn smirked.+

After her conversation with Rosalie, Jordyn bid her goodbye and moved to their basement to train with her brother. They had been going at it for while before Jordyn finally stopped because she was too exhausted to continue and Marcel was having the time of his life teasing her for it.+

"I hate you." Jordyn breathlessly spoke.+

Marcel smirked, "No you don't."+

Jordyn scoffed, "I'm never training with you again."+

"You say that every time and they, here we are again." Marcel rolled his eyes before speaking once again, "Actually there's something I want to give you." He didn't give Jordyn the chance to reply before he went upstairs and returned downstairs just as quick as he left with a box that he placed in front of her.+

Jordyn looked at him, "What's this?" He ushered her to open the box and when she did, her jaw dropped. There in the box was a beautiful dagger with the family crest in it. A gift that was passed down in the family, something her father should have given her.+


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                            1

"Mum wanted you to have it when you came of age. I know me and Kaleb haven't been around much recently but we knew how important this is for you. We knew how much this would mean to you so we wanted to make sure you you had this moment. We are so proud of you, and I know mum and dad are too." Marcel promised.+

Jordyn's eyes began to well up, "Thank you so much, its so beautiful."+


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

"You know, if I kill her, she was asking for it?"+

Charlie rolled his eyes before sighing, "Even though I don't think murder is the answer, at this point I wouldn't be opposed." The days after Edward had told Bella about the family and what they were, she had done everything she could to rub it in Charlie's face that she and Edward were now together. Bella thought she was better than Charlie because she knew the Cullen's secret when it couldn't have been further from the truth. On top of that, Bella had been trying to figure out what Jordyn was since no one would tell her, especially after she threatened to kill Edward if he told Bella the truth.+

Jordyn pouted, "But I really want to." Charlie laughed before pressing a kiss to her head, before he could reply the door shot open and right there stood Bella. Jordyn took a deep breath, reminding herself she was Charlie's sister and the Chief would be sad if he lost a child. +

"Jordyn, I need to talk to you. I need you to tell me what you are." She demanded. 2

Jordyn looked at her confused, "I'm sorry, who the hell do you think you are. You storm in here thinking you own the place, then demand to speak to me and most absurdly you want to know what I am?" Bella glared at her before nodding, Jordyn scoffed before glaring at her, "I don't know who you think you are but I will never tell you what I am because you have no right to know. Stay away from me and my family. And I swear, if I ever see you harass Charlie or any of the Cullen's again, I will hurt you."+

"Edward wouldn't let you hurt me." Bella spat.+

Jordyn smirked, "There is nothing he could do, hell I'd be happy to kill him too." Bella screeched before slamming the door as she walked out of the room, clearly not happy with Jordyn's response.2

"Have I told you how much I love you?" Charlie blushed as he looked at his girlfriend. Sometimes he couldn't believe he'd ended up with someone so beautiful, brave and smart. She always stood up for him no matter what and always put him first.+

"No but you could always show me instead."+


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

"What's going on, old man?"+

When Charlie's dad had called her and asked her to come over to talk over a cup of tea, she was very surprised. Jordyn and Charlie Sr, had always gotten along pretty well. Jordyn respected him as a cop and as the only parents that really cared about Charlie and did everything he could to make him happy. Charlie Sr was glad that his son was happy and that Jordyn was such a good influence in his life, making him happier than he had ever been.+

Charlie Sr chuckled softly at her comment, "I'm worried."+

Jordyn looked at him very confused, "What do you mean? About Charlie?"+

"No, no. I'm talking about Bella. She's been spending all of her free time with Edward. The two of them are attached at the hip and I don't think it's good for her, she's too dependent on him. She thinks she's better than everyone and quite frankly treats me and Charlie like we're beneath her. I'm worried that she's going to isolate herself from everyone else and burn any bridges with those in her life." Charlie Sr sighed.+

Jordyn exhaled, "I'm going to be honest with you, you're not the only one that's noticed. The two of them are constantly attached at the hip, where one goes the other is. They have no regard to those around them. I know Bella hasn't been treating you and Charlie with the respect you deserve but quite frankly neither has Edward. Hell 3 members of the family are moving out. Neither of them care about those around them, which is probably why they gravitated towards each other, they are as bad as each other. I'm sorry they've made you feel the way they have but you have to put your foot down with Bella. She is your child and lives under your roof. You need to lay down the law and make her understand that she can't treat people the way that she pleases, that she can't come and go as she pleases but most of all, can't disrespect the people that care about her."2

Charlie Sr looked at her shocked. He did not know how many problems the pair had created for those around them. Neither of them cared how toxic their relationship was or the fact that they were driving people away or hurting them. He knew he couldn't blame himself but he wondered how Bella would have turned out if he had raised her, if he had made sure she visited him more often. He wondered where he had failed Bella.+

"I don't know what to do."+

Jordyn grabbed his hand, "Don't you dare blame yourself. You have been an amazing father. However Bella turned out, it wasn't your fault. Renee has let so much slide with Bella that she hasn't done her any favours, on top of that she spoiled her so much that she thinks she's better than everyone. You have raised Charlie to be understanding, kind and welcoming. You are nothing like Renee and your son is proof of that. You do not get to blame yourself for not doing what Renee should have done. You are an amazing father."+

"You mean that?" He asked softly. He had always struggled with relationships, especially being a father but his son has made him so proud. He knew that Charlie was going to grow up and be an exceptional young man and his future was bright.+

Jordyn grinned, "Of course. Charlie is lucky to have you. I may have lost my parents but I know they would be happy that Ihave you as a father figure, as someone that cares about me and looks after me. You are an amazing father and I'm lucky to have you in my life."1

"Thank you. You have no idea how much that means to me. It's not been easy being a single parent but I'm proud of the man Charlie has become. You have also become like a daughter to me, I couldn't be more proud to have you in my life. Thank you."+

"No, thank you, for being the best father anyone could ask for."1


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

"Thank you."+

Jordyn looked at her boyfriend confused, "You're welcome? What did I do?"+

"Thank you for talking dad. I know you didn't have to but he was really grateful for what you said. He's been struggling with having Bella back home and with how she's been treating him but everything you said lifted a burden off his shoulders. He now knows and understands that he is not responsible for her behaviour, that's she old enough to understand that her actions have consequences and he's not failed as a father. He sees you as a daughter and he's never been more proud to have you in his life. Hell, he said if I didn't marry you, he would." Charlie laughed as he snuggled into her chest.2

Jordyn ran a hand through his hair, "He's an amazing dad. I'm proud to call him dad. I struggled a lot after my parents died but Charlie Sr has really been like another parent to me and I wouldn't trade that for anything. I was not about to let Bella disrespect him, treat him the way she wanted, just for him to think he's the one that's done something wrong. He's an amazing dad and its about time someone other than you told him."+

"Thank you, you have no idea how much it means to me knowing you have a good relationship with my dad."+

"At this point, I'd do anything for that man."+


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

"I'm going to kill her."+

When Rosalie had invited her and Charlie to the baseball game, Jordyn had a bad feeling that something was going to happen and when the three nomads approached she knew that was it. Luckily for her, Charlie didn't have much of a scent and she was able to shield him, something that Edward was not happy with but Jordyn did not care, Charlie was her mate after all.+

Bella had stormed into the house as with Edward waiting in the car. Charlie followed when he heard Bella yelling as she rushed out of the house. Charlie had never been more angry with his sister as he heard what she said. His father did not deserve having to hear what she said. +

"Jordyn, we need your help." Edward spoke up from behind her.+

Jordyn scoffed, "Let me make myself very clear. I will not be protecting your blood singer. I will be staying with my mate and his father and make sure whatever you caused doesn't harm either of them. The house will be protected and if you try and get anywhere near it, I will kill you. Your careless behaviour will not be hurting the people that I care about." Edward took a step back at her threat before getting back in the car while she walked back into the house. +

Jordyn exhaled as she walked into the tense atmosphere, Charlie was sat on the couch with his head down and Charlie Sr was sat by the table with a drink in his hand. She wanted nothing more than to kill Bella and Edward in that moment. Watching the effect their actions had on both of the Swan men, made her blood boil and she was out to kill. While they were both distracted, she walked upstairs and confronted Bella.+

"What are you doing in here?"+

Jordyn glared at her, "Let me make myself very clear, I love both the men out there and I will not let you hurt them. If you want to walk away, that's fine but do not come crawling back when you realise your actions have deadly consequences. You have hurt the both of them enough, and I swear if you hurt them anymore, I will kill you." Bella gasped as she grabbed her bag and ran out of the house.+

Jordyn walked back downstairs to find her boyfriend and his father on the sofa together. She moved to sit in between them both, "Nothing she says is going to change the fact you both are the best people that I know and you deserve all the happiness in the world. She is a spoiled brat that cannot see what she has. She will soon realise what she's missing, because you both are pure and sweet. I'm so sorry."+

Charlie Sr sighed as he hugged her side, "You have nothing to apologise for. No matter what we do, she will continue to do what he wants. She's made her choice, nothing we say will change her mind. I've done all I can, if she can't see that then that's her problem."+

"She's been spoilt for far too long. We have done everything we can for her, if she wants the Cullen's then they can have her. She's brought too much sadness and hurt to this family. She doesn't care who she hurts and I'm done." Charlie exhaled as he hugged his girlfriend tightly.+

"She's done enough to hurt this family and if she continues, she'll have me to deal with."+


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                            1

"You sure you're okay?"+

Jordyn did not know what to expect when Charlie Sr had been called from the hospital about Bella being injured but she was fuming that it had resulted in injury. She knew it was a bad idea for Edward to get involved with her but him not being able to protect his mate was completely outrageous to her. If he truly cared about her, he should have been able to protect her but clearly neither of them were made for each other, especially considering Bella was only after one thing. She knew it was going to be hard on Charlie and his dad but part of her was glad that he wasn't going to Phoenix to see her. She had hurt him enough.+

Charlie sighed as he snuggled closer to her, "Not really. I talked to dad and Renee did not ask about me once but still got mad at dad for not bringing me with him. All she's cared about is Bella and clearly she has no remorse about that. I just wish I had a better relationship with her but she doesn't want that otherwise she would have put in more effort with me. Also, what the hell happened with Bella."+

Jordyn rolled her eyes, "You are too good for her. She doesn't deserve you. You are a beautiful, kind soul and nothing she says is going to change that. As far as Bella is concerned, she walked into danger on her own accord and Edward obviously couldn't keep her safe. She's fine but the doctors want to keep her for a few days just to make sure she's fine." She wanted nothing more than to knock some sense into the two of them and make them understand that their relationship was dangerous, not only to themselves but to those around them.+

"Do you think they'll stay together?"+

"I'd hope not." Jordyn replied as he phone rang, "Hello?"+

"We're leaving." Rosalie spoke.+

Jordyn sat up confused, taking Charlie with her, "What are your talking about?"+

"Me, Emmett and Jasper are officially leaving the Coven. We put our life on the line for her and he still has the audacity to blame us. We've done so much for this family and yet, we know they wouldn't do the same for us. It's always going to be about Edward and we're done." Rosalie vented.5

Jordyn sighed, "I know, honestly anyone can see their favouritism. No matter what happens, you guys know I will support you. If they're not going to treat you right, if they're not going to show you how much you're worth, then they don't deserve to call you family or take advantage of you. I'm always going to be her for you guys, I hope you know that." Honestly, the three of them had always kept the family together but for them to be constantly put down or not appreciated for what they do, that was just not fair.+

"You always know what to say, thank you."+

"You know you can always count on me."+


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

"You look absolutely gorgeous."+


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

"Thank you." Jordyn blushed. She didn't give him a chance to compliment her once again as she ushered him out of the door. They made small talk along the way while Charlie kept teasing her. By the time they reached the venue, she wasn't sure of she wanted to kill him or jump him.+

"Come on." Charlie grinned as he escorted her towards the doors. They were greeted by all their friends, including Rosalie, Emmett and Jasper who teased them with everything they could before Jordyn got so annoyed she chose to walk away. Charlie, of course, followed her laughing. They had also made eye contact with Bella and Edward but continued on their way as the couple glared at them, they were not about to let the two of them ruin such a beautiful night.+

"Have I told you, you look gorgeous?" Charlie smirked as they danced in the gazebo, under the moonlight.+

Jordyn giggled, "Maybe a few times."+

"Not enough." He grinned before kissing her. The two stayed wrapped in their embrace until air was needed but pressed their foreheads together.+

"You sure have a way of making a girl feel special."+

"You're always going to be special to me."+

END OF PART 2!+


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

"I swear I couldn't love you more than I do right now, and yet I know I will tomorrow."1


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

It was finally here. Graduation. The day Jordyn and Charlie had been looking forward to the past two years. Both of them knew what they wanted to do next but they couldn't believe it was already happening. Both of Jordyn's brothers were there as well as Charlie's dad, Rosalie, Emmett and Jasper. It was a small group but the people closest to them were there and thats all that mattered to them. They both walked the stage to get their diplomas and were wrapped in hugs by their friends and family. +

"I am so proud you. Both of you." Charlie Sr grinned as he hugged the two of them. The two graduates hugged the older man back. Jordyn was glad he was there, he was like a father to her and she knew her parents would be proud of her if they were still here.+

Charlie smiled, "Thank you, dad. You have no idea how much that means to me. I'm just happy to be done with school." He already had his future planned out with Jordyn. His grandparents had left him their house, which he and Jordyn were already in the process of moving into and he's opening a garage with the help of his best friends Paul and Jared. He knew what he wanted and he was glad the people he cared about supported him.+

"We are so proud of you, kiddo." Marcel beamed as he hugged his little sister.+

Kaleb right behind him, "You did it, kiddo." +

Jordyn hugged her brothers tightly, "I'm so glad your both here." Despite her parents not being there to see the day, her brothers were and so were friends, but most importantly so was her mate.+

"You know we'd never miss this day." Marcel spoke before pressing a kiss to her head.+

Rosalie, Emmett and Jasper walked up to the group and offered their congratulations. It had been a while since they had all seen each other due to their busy schedules but none of them would miss such an important day for Jordyn and Charlie.+

"We are so proud of you," Rosalie smiled as she hugged the couple tightly. Emmett and Jasper quickly offering their congratulations and hugged the couple before taking lots of pictures together to commemorate the day they had been waiting for, for so long.+


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

"Can you believe we're already here?"+

The couple had spent the day moving the final bits into their new house. Charlie had worked with Emmett and Jasper for weeks, alongside his father, to get the house up together while balancing revising for their final exams and getting the garage ready with Paul and Jared. Jordyn loved her mate and she couldn't believe how hard he had worked for their future and the life they would have together.+

Jordyn pressed a kiss to his cheek, "It looks beautiful. I can't believe we're starting the rest of our lives together already. It feels like yesterday that I met you. I love you." Being Charlie had been the happiest she had ever been and now, they were starting the rest of the lives together and she couldn't wait.+

"I love you too. You have no idea how happy I am to be starting a life with you. This is the start of something beautiful." Charlie spoke. Neither of them could wait to start the rest of their lives together. They both knew what they wanted and nothing was going to stop them from spending the rest of their lives together.+

The couple had opened their house up to a small housewarming party with their closest friends after cleaning the house and putting everything they owned in their respected place. The party had gone on well into the evening and the people that loved them congratulated them sincerely but they had not expected the drama that was to follow their least favourite couple.+

"Why didn't you invite us?" At this point in the evening almost all the guests had left and only a few remained, most their immediate friends and family.+

Jordyn rolled her eyes, "Bella, there is a reason we didn't want to invite you."+

"Yeah, and what's that?" She scoffed.+

"Neither of us wanted you here." Jordyn couldn't understand Bella's need to insert herself in everyone else's business. She and Charlie had made it clear they wanted nothing to do with her and the other Cullen's. They were done with the drama and just wanted to move on with their lives. +

Bella glared at Jordyn, "How could you say that? I'm Charlie's sister and I have every right to be here."+

Charlie pulled his girlfriend to stand behind him, "No, you have no right to be here. We have made it very clear that we want nothing to do with you. You have done nothing but cause everyone trouble and we're sick of it. Just leave us alone." He hated the superiority complex that his sister had. Not everything was about her and yet she somehow managed to make everything about her.+

"You don't speak to her like that." Edward growled. At this point, the situation caught the attention of Rosalie, Jasper, Emmett, Kaleb, Marcel and Charlie Sr.+

Rosalie rolled her eyes when she noticed the couple standing there, "Just leave. No one wants with of you here." Emmett wrapped an arm around his wife as he hummed in agreement with her statement.+

"We don't have to leave, we should have been invited." Bella screamed.+

"Bella, thats enough," Charlie Sr firmly spoke to his daughter, "Jordyn and Charlie had every right not to invite you after everything you have put them through. They just wanted one night with their friends and family, you did not have to ruin that for them." He could not believe that his daughter would crash the party for her own selfish reason, actually that wasn't true, he was starting to see how selfish his daughter really was.+

"We didn't do anything, we should have been invited."+

"The fact that you don't see how your actions effect everyone else, makes me wonder how delusional you really have become."+


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

Jordyn had not expected Rosalie, Emmett and Jasper to come to her house in the middle of the night. They were all very angry and upset because of Edward once again. No matter what they did, they couldn't seem to escape the family or the consequences to their actions. Edward had made it clear that he wanted them all to leave town after he had forced them to attend Bella's birthday party and Edward couldn't control his hunger. It had been his fault yet he seemed to blame everyone. +

"You don't have to leave, you know?" Jordyn stated as if it was obvious. It was obvious but it hadn't been to them. They still cared about the family and yet, they didn't seem to care about the trio and treated them however they wanted. +

"Wait, what?"+

Jordyn nodded her head, "You don't have to leave. You're not a part of the coven anymore. You left and made your own Coven, you don't have to listen to them anymore. If you want to stay, you can. They don't dictate your lives anymore." She hated the tight grip the Cullen's still had on them. They had left them because of the way they were treated and yet, they still think they can boss them around.+

"We can do that?" Emmett asked softly.1

"Yes. You have left the Coven already, they don't have a hold over you. I know you all still care about them but you left for a reason. They don't dictate you lives. You want to stay, then stay."+

"Then we stay." Jasper spoke firmly. He didn't want to leave his home, let alone the place where he had found his mate. Not being in the Coven anymore allowed him to come out of his shell and he had finally found his mate in Angela. He couldn't believe it had taken him so long to find her but when he did, he knew he was never letting her go. Hell, they had just gone on their first date and he couldn't have been happier. 8

"Good, because I need some help with some decorations." Jordyn grinned. She was happy to know that they were sticking around. They deserved to be happy and the Cullen's have no right to tell them how they should live their lives when they don't really care about them. +

"Dang, you make it sound like we're your slaves."+

"I mean, you said it."1


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

Jordyn had not expected for the Cullen's to turn up at her place. Actually she had because clearly they can't mind their own business. They had pretty much barged into the house, she was just glad that Charlie was at work and didn't have to deal with them.+

"We wanted to ask you for a favour." Alice asked.+

Jordyn was stunned into silence for a moment before she burst into laughter, "I'm so-rry. You wan-t a fav-our? Fro-m m-e?" She could not understand where these got the audacity. Why they would think she would ever do anything for them, she did not know.+

"Oh grow up, Jordyn." Edward spoke as he rolled his eyes.+

Jordyn scoffed, "I need to know up? Leave. I have nothing to say to you and whatever favour you need, it's not going to happen. Get out." She didn't care what they wanted, there was no way in hell she was going to be helping any of them, especially not after knowing her mate had been in danger because of them. +

"Please, Jordyn." Esme asked softly. Jordyn used to have immense respect for the woman but when she saw how much she favoured over the rest, she couldn't look her in the face without being disgusted about the way she treated the rest of her children.+

"Nope, I don't owe any of you anything. Get out." Jordyn vehemently denied.+

"It's the least you can do for us." Edward spoke.+

Jordyn looked at him in disbelief, "I'm sorry 'the least I can do for you'? My mate almost died because of you and now I'm supposed to do whatever you say? I don't owe you shit. I'm not going to let you keep hurting the people I care about. I'm done, with all of you. Get out!"+

"All we want is for you to protect Bella." Carlisle explained. How this man should ask her such a thing when he knows how she's treated her mate was beyond her. +

"You're lucky I haven't killed the bitch." Jordyn spat.1

Edward growled at her, "You will not touch her." +

"I want absolutely nothing to do with her. She has brought nothing but pain and suffering to the people I care about. Whatever happens to her in your absence, has nothing to do with me. You leave her, she's on her own because I'm not going to waste my time on someone as selfish as her." Jordyn snarled back. She had made it abundantly clear to them that she wanted nothing to do with Bella but clearly they couldn't take a hint. +

"She's human and she needs to be protected." Carlisle refuted. +

Jordyn shrugged, "And? Its got nothing to do with me. I don't like her, she knows it as does everyone else. I want nothing to do with her. I'm not going to help in any way and if you have a problem with that, you can shove it up your ass because I don't care." 1

"She needs protection. We can't leave her unprotected." Alice tried to explain.+

"And what's that got to do with me?" Jordyn asked.+

Carlisle took a step towards her, "Please Jordyn, do this for us?"+

Jordyn took a step back, refusing to be manipulated by him, "Nope, not going to happen. I don't like and I'm certainly not going to pretend now because you want to leave. Leaving was a choice you made, it has nothing to do with me."+

"If anything happens to her, it will be your fault."1

"No, it will be yours because you chose to leave her."7


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

The next couple of months flew by. Charlie he finally opened his garage with Paul and Jared and had gotten the biggest shock of his life when Paul accidentally shifted in front of him, resulting in him hearing the Legends of the Tribe. Jordyn was excelling in her course and doing great work at the hospital. Rosalie, Emmett and Jasper had brought a house close to theirs and were all living their best life. Rose and Emmett were both going to college and chosen careers that they both wanted without the input of the Cullen's. Rose was working as a victim support liaison, supporting them through their traumatic experience and giving them the help their need for their future. Emmett had been working with Charlie at the garage but also studying childcare, something he never thought he would enjoy but was grateful for the opportunity. Jasper was yet to graduate, in his last year, but he had been spending a lot of time with Angela, she had been helping with his bloodlust and he had even become friends with Mike and Eric.1

"What do I do?"+

Jordyn had been cooking lunch for her boyfriend and his father, Chief Charlie walking into the house before Charlie had finished his shift. The young witch and Chief had gotten closer the past couple of months, Jordyn cooking for him almost everyday as Bella had pretty much been comatose, which was just pathetic. +

"Send her back to her mother. You have tried everything. You've given her space, been patient and given her whatever she needed. There is only so much you can take before you've had enough. Obviously she cares more about the Cullen's and its not fair to you and Charlie. Send her to her mother and she can deal with her." Jordyn replied. She hated how much Bella was still affecting those around her. It wasn't fair that Chief Charlie had to suffer the consequences of the actions of Bella and the Cullen's. They should have been more careful and they clearly didn't care who got hurt.+

Charlie sighed, "You're right. I just don't want her to think I gave up on her."+

"Charlie, if anything, she gave up on you. You did everything you could to provide her with a happy and safe life while she lived under your roof but clearly she did not appreciate you and everything you did for her. If she can't appreciate everything you do for her, then you take it away from her and hopefully she realises how much she needs you in her life. You can't keep hurting yourself for someone that obviously doesn't care." Jordyn firmly replied. As her father he had done everything for her but she had done nothing more than hurt him and he did not deserve that. 1

"What if she hates me?"+

"Then she doesn't deserve you."1


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

"What did you say to him?"+

Jordyn had certainly not expected Bella to show up at her house after the conversation with Chief Charlie the day before, but she did know that she wasn't just going to let her father ship her away without a fight and that she would blame Jordyn and Charlie for the decision.+

The young witch rolled her eyes, "I told him that he should send you to your mother. He has done everything he can for you yet you can't see that. That man is sacrificing his sanity and health for you but you don't care. I'm not going to stand by and watch him sacrifice himself for your sake." The old man had been through enough with her around and it was time that was put to a stop. +

Bella sighed, "I'm sorry."+

"Excuse me? You're sorry?" Jordyn asked in disbelief.+

Bella nodded her head softly, "You were right. I should have never gotten involved with the Cullen's, I should have thought about the consequences of getting involved with them. I have been selfish, especially to Charlie and dad. I'm going to listen to dad and go and stay with mom for a while. All I have done is hurt people since coming here and thats not fair."9

"I'm sorry. I'm gonna need you to repeat yourself." Jordyn spoke with wide eyes. She could not believe the words that were coming out of her mouth. 4 months, it took 4 months for her to realise all the damage that she has done to those around her. On top of that, she was apologising? What the hell has the world come to? Did she hit her head? When did she become delusional? Jordyn had no idea what to make of the situation.+

"I know, I can't believe its taken me so long but I am sorry. I have hurt so many people and I have a lot of amending to do." Bella replied.+

Jordyn scoffed, "You have to understand why I don't believe you. You have hurt so many people since coming here and quite frankly, I don't know what you want me to say. I don't like, I've made that clear from the beginning, especially considering how much you've hurt the people I care about so your apology means absolutely nothing to me. If you want to redeem yourself, you have a long list of apologies to make and I'm certainly not the person to start with. I have no problem with you being in Charlie's life if thats what he wants but I'm not going to stand by and let you hurt him, understood?" She didn't like Bella, that had been clear from the beginning, therefore she doubted her apology but if she was serious, she had a lot of apologising to do. She wanted nothing to do with her but she didn't have a say in if Charlie and Chief Charlie forgave her. 1

Bella nodded, "I understand. You're right and I understand if you don't believe but I'm going to prove that I have changed. I also wanted to thank you."1

"Thank me? For what?"+

"For being the daughter I couldn't be and being there for Charlie when I was too selfish."3


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

"What do I do?"+

No one had really expected to see such a change in Bella. She was talking to her friends, spending time with Charlie Sr and even helping Charlie with whatever he needed. Jordyn had made it very clear to her that she was not forgiving her anytime soon but she was glad the Swan family were finally reconnecting and Bella was being the daughter and sister they deserved. Charlie had obviously been apprehensive about letting Bella be in his life but she was definitely making an effort and trying to be the sister he had always hoped for. 2

Jordyn shrugged, "That's up to you. Obviously she's trying and you seem happy but if you're not ready, that's okay. You have every right to still be upset and hurt. If you want a relationship with her, that's fine. If you don't, that's fine too. You only have to do what you're comfortable with." The last thing she wanted was for Charlie to feel compelled into having a relationship with Bella, especially after everything she had put him through.+

Charlie sighed as he rested his head on her lap, "I want to, but I'm scared she's not sincere. She put me and dad through hell, what's to say she won't do it again? Has she really changed or is it just a front? Honestly, I just don't know what to do." It had taken a long time for him to come to terms with the fact he and Bella were never going to have a relationship but he had not expected Bella to come to him and ask to have a relationship. +

"I know but whatever you decide, I'm here for you." Jordyn promised.+

"I want to try. Is that stupid of me?" Charlie asked nervously.+

Jordyn shook her head, "No. You have every right to chose who you want in your life, no matter what others think. I know you're worried but if you want to do this, then you should do it." It was his decision to make, no one else should have a say.+

"I do. I'm going to try, you with me?"+

"You know I'd never let you face it alone."+


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

"Dinner ready?"+

"Almost." Jordyn growled. +

The time with the Swan family had been great until Billy and his Jacob had joined them. Billy had made his distaste of the young witch known, despite the close relationship she had with the rest of the Pack. He had spent the whole game glaring at her and making snide comments when Charlie wasn't in the room. Jacob, however, gave her the creeps. +

Guy clearly couldn't take no for an answer. +

Bella had made it clear that she wanted nothing to do with him but he clearly couldn't get the hint. Bella had stayed close to Jordyn the whole evening, Jacob being intimidated by the young witch but tried to corner her whenever he had the chance. Despite making it clear that she only wanted friendship, he refused to stand now just because she didn't have a boyfriend anymore. +

"You okay?" Charlie asked softly. He hated seeing her get so worked up over something that shouldn't be happening. It was his fathers house, Billy and Jacob should show some respect. He also didn't like how uncomfortable Bella was, why couldn't Jacob take no for an answer?+

Jordyn sighed, "Not really. I mean, I know I said i would be on my best behaviour but they are both getting on my nerves. Billy has no right to get his panties in a twist over something I couldn't control, I didn't ask for these powers. He can't get upset over my relationship with Rose, Em and Jaz, they are good people and have abided by the treaty. And Jacob? I'm going to throw him off a cliff if he asks Bella out again. She has made it very clear that she wanted nothing to do with him and he clearly can't take no for an answer. Honestly, what kind of father watches his son harass a girl?" At this rate, she was going to kill the father-son duo.+

Charlie chuckled softly as he wrapped his arms around her, "I know your annoyed but you can't kill them, no matter how much you want to. Billy is dads best friend so lets be nice, even if it makes you question your sanity." The last thing he wanted was for a fight to break out in the house and for Jordyn to get hurt. +

She glared at him before shouting, "Dinner is ready." Everyone gathered around the table, digging into dinner quickly but threw praise at Jordyn before they did. Everyone made small talk as their ate their dinner but Jordyn could hear the snide comments that Jacob was making, Billy obviously not stopping him. She tried to keep her cool but he was clearly testing her patience. +

"Don't do it." Charlie softly spoke as he gripped her thigh. She calmed her breathing as Charlie rubbed his thumb along her thigh but that was until Jacob made a comment about her dead parents.+

"Excuse me?" She growled.+

Jacob rolled her eyes, "I said, maybe if your parents were still alive you wouldn't be such a bitch."7

"How dare you?! I have been patient all evening because Billy happens to be Charlie's best friend and he considers you both family but I will not sit here and let you disrespect me. You don't know me so don't act like it. You have no right to mention my parents when your own mother died. How would she feel knowing her son turned out to be a pervert that couldn't take no for answer? How would she feel knowing her husband is bullying a girl just because he disagrees with her choices? Neither of you know me so don't act like it." Jordyn yelled as she shot up from her chair. +

Everyone looked at the young witch in shook. +

"Get out." Charlie Sr spoke after a moment of silence.+

"What? Why?"+

"You do not disrespect my daughter in my house."15


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

"Are you going to wipe that smile off your face?"+

Jordyn grinned, "Nope."+

Charlie shook his head with a smile, "You're that happy?"+

"I am. I mean, I knew he liked me but I didn't think he would call me his daughter. That man should be protected at all costs." Jordyn vowed. Chief Swan had become like a father figure to her and was such a sweet and caring man. After everything he had been through because of Bella and the Cullen's, he deserved nothing but happiness and she would protect him no matter what.+

"Well he is lucky to have you, I know I am." Charlie smirked.+

Jordyn rolled her eyes, "You're lucky I love you."+

"I know I am." Charlie replied as he held his girlfriend in his arms. He began to lean in before they heard the door open and slam shut. They jumped slightly before they made their way downstairs, where they found Bella pacing in the living room. +

Jordyn looked at her confused, "What happened?"+

"He came to my house, saying I belonged with him. That he was there for me when I needed it the most and that I owed it to him. When I refused, he tried to intimidate me by standing too close and pretty much over me but I managed to get away by kicking him in the nuts. He was not happy but I managed to get away. I didn't know what else to do." Bella groaned in frustration, tears building up in the eyes before she collapsed on the sofa. Jacob had been her childhood friend. He had brought a sent of normalcy to her life, yet he betrayed her in one of the worst ways. He wouldn't take no for an answer. 2

Neither of the couple knew what to say as they took in her words. Jordyn was fuming. How dare he? Bella had made it clear all she wanted was friendship, why couldn't he understand that? She knew she was going to make him pay for hurting Bella like that. Jordyn might not like Bella but that didn't mean anyone should be treated the way Jacob had treated her.+

Charlie could feel his heart breaking as he looked at his sister. They may not have had the best relationship but she was changing, for the better. He had never really liked Jacob, especially after how they had treated his girlfriend and he wanted nothing more than to kill the young man. He could see how genuinely upset Bella was so he walked over to her and wrapped his arms around her as she began to sob in his arms. +

Jordyn moved to sit on the other side of Bella, the couple hugging her as she sobbed. No one said anything as the young woman cried her eyes out. +


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

"You can't kill him." +

Jordyn smirked, "Who said anything about killing him?" She was not going to kill him but she was going to make it hurt. She was going to make him regret ever getting too close to Bella and making her feel the way that he did. She was also going to talk to Billy, make him understand that he couldn't let his son get away with what he did and there not be consequences.+

They arrived at their house where the son and father duo were before knocking on the door. The door opened slowly, Jacob going to close the door when he realised who was there. Jordyn didn't let him as she walked past him in anger. +

"Hey, what are you doing?" Jacob shouted after her.+

"Sit the fuck down!" Jordyn shouted. Jacob did as she yelled, instinctively. He couldn't refuse, even if he wanted to. Billy had rolled into the room, hearing the commotion but as he went to speak too, Jordyn shot him down and he kept his mouth shut.+

Jordyn glared at the father and son duo, "I have never met two more vile people in my life before." She looked at Jacob before she continued, "How dare you?! How dare you make Bella feel the way you did? She had every right to say no. All she wanted was a friend and she made that pretty clear, why couldn't you understand that? If I ever see you anywhere near her, I will kill you. She deserves better than to have a friend like you. And you?!" She spat before she looked at Billy, "How dare you call yourself a father? How dare you stand by and watch you son treat a woman like he did when you have daughters yourself? Your wife would be ashamed of you. I feel sorry for your daughters knowing they have a father that allows his son to be a sexist pig. You either keep him in line or so lord help me, I will make you both regret ever opening your mouths. Have I made myself clear?" When neither son or father replied, she screamed it again, "Have I made myself clear?!" +

When they nodded, Jordyn took a step back and looked at them with a smirk, "Good. Consider this your first and only warning." +

Jordyn walked towards her boyfriend before she grabbed his arm and pulled him out of the house. She couldn't help the grin as she looked at her boyfriends face, his eyes were wide open as his mouth was gaped open. He could not believe how easily she told off the father and son duo.+

"Cat got your tongue there, love?" Jordyn teased.+

Charlie rolled his eyes when he finally came to, "You can be scary, you know that right?"+

Jordyn smirked, "Trust me, I know."+

"And make it look so sexy at the same time." Charlie replied as he took a step closer to her, towering over her, teasingly caressing his lips with hers softly. +

"Is that so? And how exactly do I do that?"+

"Why don't I show you?"+


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

"What do you mean he shifted?" +

The last couple of weeks had gone by pretty fast. Charlie working at the shop, Jordyn had been working at the hospital and Bella had been constantly studying to graduate early. The couple had been kept up to date about who had been shifting the sighting of vampires on their lands. They kept out of their business but Jordyn would patrol with them sometimes and Charlie liked to spend time with his friends. However, both had hoped that Jacob wouldn't shift, at least not so soon. +

Sam sighed, "Unfortunately. He's getting on everyone's nerves. He got angry that Bella had been ignoring him and wouldn't talk to him. The Pack have been trying to explain everything to him and teach him about the Pack but he's stubborn. He thinks because Bella knows about the vampires, she should know about the Pack."+

"Absolutely not. She barely got over the damage the Cullen's have done to her. She does not need to be dragged into this. It's already bad enough that she doesn't know about Victoria, she does not need to know about the Pack. She is finally getting better. She has a relationship with her dad and brother, is thinking about her future and is actually working on herself. He either stays away from her or I make him. He will regret it if I get my hands on him." Jordyn promised. She was happy to see the improvement in Bella as it made the people she cared about the most happy. There was no way she was going to let Jacob ruin that progress.+

"I honestly don't know what to do to stop him. He refused to listen to my command nor does he listen to anyone in the Pack." Sam explained. He had really tried with Jacob, given him patience and helping with whatever he needed but Jacob thought he was better than anyone and refused to listen.+

Jordyn smirked, "Leave it to me, I know exactly what to do. I just need you to call a Tribe meeting. Make sure the whole Pack and all the Elders are there too." The last thing she wanted to do was call a. Council meeting but if the Elders couldn't do what needed to be done, then she would.+

"What are you going to do?"+

"I guess you're going to find out."+


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

"Why are we all here?"+

Jordyn stood straighter, "You're here for your judgement." It had taken a few hours but Jordyn had managed to contact the majority of the magical community including the Tribe's ancestors. She wanted everyone present and in agreement for the punishment that she was going to pass down. +

"What did we do?" Paul asked confused.+

Neveah looked at him, "Most of you have done nothing wrong. But a few of you need to be reminded of your place and even have you title stripped. I have been lenient enough with this Tribe but I'm done making excuses. Something needs to be done."+

"What gives you the right to come in here and boss us around?" Jacob growled.+

"Shut up, Jacob. You have done nothing but bring shame to the Tribe and your ancestors. It is because of you that we are here today. It is because of you that the Tribe is being judged." Taha Aki spat. He had been watching the Tribe and he had never been more ashamed of a descendant of his. He thought he would have more pride and honour considering his father was an Elder but he couldn't have been more wrong. +

Billy spoke up confused, "What are you talking about?"+

Jordyn took a step forward and glared at Billy, "You and your son have brought shame to the Tribe. As his father and Elder, you have let him run around however he wanted. You didn't stop him from telling an outside, even after you both had been warned not to say anything. You tried to get the rest of the Pack to follow him despite knowing that Sam was he Alpha." She then looked at Jacob, "You have done nothing but disrespect the whole Tribe and Pack. None of them wanted this but they still did it and they did it with pride. You told an outside, even after all the warnings that you have been given. You have been refusing to listen to your Alpha and caused fights between everyone over and over again. You don't deserve the gift." She had been fuming when she had found out that Bella had been told about the Tribe. It had just prompted even more to call the Council. The Council had made it clear that they couldn't let Jacob run around telling outsiders about their secrets as it was their responsibility to keep the magic community a secret. +

"What are you going to do?" Sam asked.+

Taha Aki smirked before declaring, "You, Billy Black, have been stripped of your title as an Elder. You obviously can't be unbiased or have the best interest of the Pack at heart. You, Jacob Black, will be stripped of your wolf. You never wanted to be a wolf and have done nothing but abuse that power. You are both disgraces."4

"What? You can't do that."+

"What?! Why?"+

"We have every right to. You have exposed the magical community to an outsider and we can not let that slide." One of the Council members finally spoke up. They had decided to stay on the side lines to let the ancestors pass down judgement but clearly they weren't getting the memo. +

Jordyn rolled her eyes before smirking, "It's already done. You have both been given numerous changes but have refused to listen to any warnings and chances you have been given. You are both now facing the consequences to your actions." It had been a long time coming but she was happy that they were both finally getting what they deserved. Karma is a bitch after all. +

"You will regret this."+

"Trust me, I won't. In fact, I'll sleep like a bay tonight."+


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

"What do you mean they're back?"+

The last few days had gone rather quickly. Jordyn and Charlie continued to live their lives. They made plans to travel as soon as she had finished school. Charlie Sr had reduced his time at work in order to spend more time with family, he had realised he didn't spend much time with his children and he wasn't getting any younger. Bella was doing great in school, at her job and working on repairing her friendships and the relationship she had with her family. There hadn't been much word from the Pack but they were doing better, however she knew it was a matter of time before something happened.1

"The Cullen's are back." Bella relied.+

Jordyn looked at her confused, "Why? How did you find out?" As much as she didn't want to admit it, she knew they would be back eventually, especially since she had blocked Alice from seeing Bella in her visions. Edward was a child and he was never going to stay away from Bella for long, he would come crawling back eventually. +

Bella sighed as she sank further into the sofa, "They turned up at school. They tried to talk to Jasper but he had just ignored them. They tried to tell him he shouldn't be with Angela, that she was human and he could hurt her. He was ready to kill them right then and there if it hadn't been for Angela. They kept following me around all day and when I ask them to leave me alone, Alice just said I belonged to Edward. I don't know what to do." The young woman had come a long way. She had realised how toxic her relationship with Edward was and she was trying to mend the relationships she had destroyed while being with him. She was working on herself and being a better person. Why couldn't they understand that she wanted nothing to do with them?+

"Why don't you stay here with me and Charlie? The house is spelled so they can't enter unless they have been invited in. I will talk to your dad for you and explain to Charlie and Sam what is going on. I'm sorry you have to deal with this." Jordyn sympathised. She knew how annoying and persistent Edward and Alice could be if they wanted to, no one should have to deal with that. They just wouldn't take no for an answer and Carlisle would never say no to his favourite children. 1

"I don't want to talk to them." Bella pouted. +

Jordyn rolled her eyes, "You don't have to. If they can't take no for an answer, send them my way and I'll make them regret every looking your way."+

"Must you be so homicidal?"+

"Always."+


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

"I'm going to kill them!"+

Jordyn had gotten a text from Rosalie asking her to come to their house. She knew they were going to feel some type of way with the Cullen's being back but she had not expected to walk into the living room and it being completely destroyed with Jasper screaming in anger. +

"I see you've seen the Cullen's." Jordyn spoke.+

Rosalie scoffed, "How dare they? They left, didn't care what would happen and now they think they can tell us what to do." When she had seen Carlisle and Esme waiting outside their house, she didn't know what to expected but no part of her wanted them there. When they said they wanted them to rejoin the Coven and that they would ignore their mistake, Rosalie couldn't have kicked them out quicker. How dare they say them leaving and choosing themselves was a mistake? They didn't care about her, Emmett or Jasper.+

"They really tried to make us feel guilty for choosing ourselves, after everything they had put us through. They really thought we would come crawling back, like we didn't know what we wanted or have any feelings or opinions. They made us feel like children which makes no sense since they never treated us as such." Emmett spoke. He knew could be childish and rarely ever took anything serious but he loves living in Forks and was proud of the things he had accomplished on his own. +

Jasper growled, "They don't care about us and what we want. They've made it very clear that all that matters is Alice and Edward. They don't want us to be happy or independent. I'm not leaving, I'm not leaving my mate like Edward did. If he wants to be a coward, fine but that's not me. If they go anywhere near her, I will kill them." He didn't care about the Cullen's but if they went anywhere near his mate, he would kill them. Angela meant the world to him and nothing was going to happen to her, not with him around. +

Jordyn shook her head, "Nothing will happen to her, that I can promise you. They have no idea what they're getting themselves into. They left, they burnt bridges so they can't expect everything to be okay just because they want it to. Bella is fine without them and clearly so are you guys. You don't need them and they can't handle that. They don't like knowing you have made a home and family without them. They took you in because they needed you more than you needed them. You don't owe them anything, just ignore them." She had always hated the Cullen's so when Rosalie, Emmett and Jasper told her they were leaving the Coven, she had been proud them because clearly they didn't care about them. +

"They threatened my mate!" Jasper sneered.+

"And you have every right to be pissed. I have no problem with you killing them, I'm just saying, don't draw attention to yourself. You made a name for yourselves her, people trust you and see you as someone they can look up to. You don't want to ruin that. The Cullen's are not worth ruining what you have built here." Jordyn explain to him, hoping he would calm down.+

"You didn't say anything about hurting him."+

"Read between the lines, Jasper, read between the lines."+


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                            1

"What did you do to them? Why won't they talk to us?"+

Jordyn knew the Cullen's would confront her eventually, she just hoped it would be further down the line and not while she was getting ready to pick up her boyfriend. Sam had asked if she could come to the Pack House but she had promised to pick up Charlie first. +

She rolled her eyes, "Piss off. I'm pretty sure I made it very clear that I wanted nothing to do with any of you. Leave my property before I make you." Every part of her wanted to kill them but she was a firm believer of finishing something rather than starting something.+

Edward growled at her as he got in her face, "You did this. You said Bella didn't belong in our world so you must have brainwashed her to get back at us. You did this to her, you turned her against us. This is your fault. I should kill you." It was funny how he always blamed others for his mistakes. He left Bella and she moved on. It wasn't Jordyn's fault that he couldn't handle that. +

"I did nothing. I might not like her but she is her own person. She has turned her life around because she realised she didn't need to depend on anyone to have a good life. Leave her alone. She is much better off without you. You had shown her you didn't need or want her. Do you know how long it took her to get herself together? She is a much better person than any of you will ever be. Leave her alone." Jordyn spoke. It had take a while for her to even remotely be in the same room as Bella but she tolerated the girl for her boyfriend and grew to realise she wasn't so bad. Her mother and the Cullen's had ruined her.2

Alice stomped her foot in frustration, "You tore apart our whole family. This is your fault. If it hadn't been so you, we would all be happy together and Bella would be a part of your family. You said you wanted nothing to do with her and now you won't let us any where near her. We want Bella back." Honestly the audacity. What gave her the right to act like a child that had had her favourite toy stolen away from her when she and her family were the ones that left Bella?+

"That is rich coming from the people that left her. She has made it clear that she wants nothing to do with any of you. Leave her alone or I promise I will make you regret it." Jordyn spat.1

Edward sneered at her before wrapping his hand around her neck, "Bring her back to us."+

Jordyn rolled her eyes before taking a deep breathe. Before anyone could react, she had taken off Edward's head that rolled towards Carlisle and Esme, who had oddly been quiet this whole ordeal. They all gasped as Alice picked up his head before they looked at her.1

"This is your last warning. Stay away from me and anyone I care about or I kill you."1


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

"I can't believe you did that."+

When the Pack had found out what Jordyn had done to Edward, they couldn't stop laughing. They all knew what the Cullen's had put her and the people she cared about through, whatever Jordyn did to them, they had it coming. The Pack had considered Jordyn one of their own and by proxy that meant Jasper, Emmett and Rosalie too. The three were allowed on the land as along they helped protect the land and with the redhead running around, that's exactly what they did. +

Jordyn smirked, "I can. The bastard had it coming. He doesn't get to play with the people I care about and not expect there to be consequences. If he continues to test me, he's going to see much worse." She hated the vampire. He had brought nothing but misfortune since he came to Forks.+

"Do you think they'll be a threat?" Sam asked worriedly.+

Jordyn shook her head, "Nah. If they step out of line, I kill them. They've had their warning. I'm done letting them run around like there isn't any consequences to their actions. They brought the redhead here and they should suffer for it." The Pack had asked Jordyn to protect Bella and stay out of the way while they dealt with the redhead. She didn't like it but she understood.+

"Why don't you guys run the perimeter again. I'll join you after I talk to Jordyn." Sam spoke. The boys left the room before he turned to look at her, "I need your help?"+

She looked at him confused, "What's going on?" Sam had become like a brother to her in the short time they had known each other and he clearly looked like he was going through something.+

Sam sighed, "She won't leave me alone. I mean, I know I imprinted on her and she knows what I am because of the Tribe she comes from but I have made it clear that I just want a friend. I only just broke up with Leah and they're cousins. I know I should be what she wants but what about what I want?" It was clear to see he was struggling to explain his feelings but no one should ever feel like they have no choice who they want to be with, even if they imprint. 4

"You have a choice too, Sam. No one can tell you who you should be with. You've made it clear what you want and she should respect that. If she can't, then you should walk away. Clearly she doesn't care about you if she doesn't care about what you want. It's okay to be selfish sometimes." Jordyn spoke softly.+

"But what if she doesn't agree to give me some space?"+

"Then, you let me have a chat with her."+


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

"I missed you."+

Jordyn sighed as she hugged her boyfriend tighter. It had been a few crazy days with everything going on and the couple hadn't really had much time for each other. Business at the garage was booming and with Jared and Paul running Patrol more often, it meant that Charlie was left to deal with it more. Due to the vampires being back and the tension that it brought along, Jordyn was busy making sure everyone kept their heads and didn't start an unnecessary war, especially with the vampires that were roaming around more often. +

Charlie pressed a kiss to her head, "I missed you too. I know we've both been busy but we should still find time for each other. I hate going to work everyday not knowing if I'm going to see you when I get home. I know we text each other but I miss the sound of your voice. I miss movie nights, making dinner together and having breakfast in bed. Promise me when this thing with the vampires is over, that we'll focus on us? Promise me we'll focus on our family when this is over?" He loved Jordyn but lately they had been focus on everyone but themselves. They had plans for their own family but he couldn't remember the last time they had a night to themselves, without having to worry about anyone else.+

Jordyn sighed before she looked up at him, "I know, my love. I hate this as much as you do. We had plans for our future but for some reason, everyone's problems keep interfering with that. I have no idea when will be a good time to start a family but what I do know is that I don't care when it happens. I love you. I want to start a family with you. No one's problems are more important than us, than our future, than what we want. I want to start a family with you." She hated how much she had been neglecting Charlie and their relationship. He meant the world to her but lately, it seemed like everyone mattered more. That she couldn't live with. She was going to do whatever it took to protect the man she cared about the most and have the family she had always dreamt of. +

"I want to start a family with you too. You sure have a way with words, my love." Charlie's grinned before pulling her in for a heated kiss, hands roaming over each others bodies, trying to get as close as possible. +

"Only for you."+

"God, I'd hope so."+


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

Jordyn had decided to to cook dinner for Charlie, Charlie Sr and Bella. It had been a while since they had all been together due to their schedules and the fact that Bella had been hiding from the Cullen's and Jacob. She wanted to do something for her family, her family that had been stressed and tired from dealing with everyone else's problems. They had all been happy to have a home cooked meal from Jordyn as her cooking had always been the best and their favourite. She had settled on making lasagna with garlic bread and salad.+

However, she had not expected to run into Emily.+

"What did you do to him?!" Emily screamed. +

Jordyn rolled her eyes as she continued to load her shopping into her car, hoping that the woman would leave her alone. The best thing the Elders had done was sending Emily back to her Tribe after they had found out what she was putting Sam through but clearly her Tribe had no control over her or had any idea where she was. The woman had done nothing but stalk Sam, constantly text and call him and turn up wherever he was. Despite the fact the man had made it clear that he wanted nothing to do with her, she clearly hadn't gotten the message.+

"I did nothing to him. He has made it clear that he wants nothing more than friendship but you couldn't respect that and drove him away. He made his boundaries clearly but they didn't matter to you. He has made it clear he is not ready to have you in his life again. If you can't respect what he wants, you don't deserve him. Leave him alone. He has made it clear he wants nothing to do with you." Jordyn hoped that the woman would get the message but from the way she was glaring at her, that was probably unlikely.+

Emily came closer to Jordyn, getting in her face, "He is mine. You cannot keep him away from me. I am his imprint. He is meant to be with me. Why are you keeping him away from me?" Honestly, the delusion. She didn't care about Sam, she just wanted to own him. She wanted Sam at her beck and call. +

"You don't care about him. He is a human being that deserves love, not a crazy bitch that thinks she owns him. He doesn't want you and has made that very clear. Why won't you leave him alone? What do you want from him?" Jordyn asked. She knew Sam was Emily's imprinter but why was she so fixated on him? Why wouldn't she leave him alone? Why was she fantasising a relationship with Sam despite him making it clear he wanted nothing to do with her?+

Emily scoffed, "Leah never deserved him. I can love him better. I will be everything that he wants. Leah just wanted a relationship but put no effort into keeping him. He loved her but she didn't deserve him."+

Jordyn looked at her confused, "No matter what their relationship was, it had nothing to do with you. You are Leah's cousin, even if you don't agree with her relationship, you don't go after her man. Sam has made it clear her needs space but you're more worried about upstaging your own cousin. Grow up and leave the man alone."+

"He will be mine."+

"Not if I have anything to do with it."+


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

Jordyn had been making dinner when suddenly, she was pulled into a vision:+

"Why are we going after the Cullen's?" Asked a brown haired boy with red eyes. +

The redhead sighed in annoyance as she looked around the trail of bodies that was being left behind, "I want to eliminate them before they come after us. I don't want to live in fear of what they are capable of doing to us. You know I love you. I'm doing this for us."+

The boy sighed, knowing he wasn't going to change her mind nor did he understand her need for vengeance against the Cullen's, "I understand. Don't worry. They'll all be ready soon." There were newborn vampires surrounding them, feeding on people. Victoria had created a newborn army to go after the Cullen's and she would clearly stop at nothing to get her revenge. +

Victoria smirked as she pressed a kiss to his cheek, "Excellent."+

Jordyn took a deep breathe as she came out of the vision. She shakingly moved to sit down before she got out her phone, texting Sam and Rosalie to gather everyone at her house. She was still trying to shake the vision but she knew whatever was coming was bad and she would have to do something about it. +

"What happened?"+

"Are you okay?"+

"Why are we all here?"+

The questions were thrown at Jordyn rapidly as they had all gathered around her living room, hoping to get an understanding of why she had asked them all to come as she looked like she had seen a ghost or at least something bad that had her shook to her core. +

"There's an army coming, an army of newborn vampires." She began. +

They all looked at her confused before Rosalie spoke up, "Newborn vampires? Why? What's it got to do with us?"+

Jordyn sighed as she rubbed her face, "Victoria has been creating a newborn army in Seattle to destroy the Cullen's for killing her mate James." Not that she could blame her. If anything had happened to Charlie, she would hunt down the people that hurt him and no one would be able to stop her. Edward had been careless when he had killed James, knowing he was mated. It was only a matter of time before Victoria was going to come after Edward for what he had done. But that also meant protecting Bella. It wasn't her fault that she had been introduced to the supernatural world nor was it her fault that James wanted to feed from her. +

Jasper scoffed, "Why do we have to get involved? We weren't the ones that killed James. Edward should pay for what he did." He was still made that the Cullen's tried to make him leave his mate, Angela. Carlisle and Esme had shown favouritism towards Edward and now everyone was paying the price. +

"I know, he should be punished for what he did but it's not just about Edward anymore. The army is coming after Bella and if we don't stop them, they will come to town and slaughter everyone. The Cullen's might have started this problem but we're the only ones that can stop it right now." Jordyn explained. The last thing she wanted was to get involved in Cullen business but too many innocent lives were at stake and just as many had been take to creat the army. +

"What do you need us to do?"+

"First, we need to come up with a plan and that means working together."+


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

"And why should we trust you?"+

Jordyn had asked to meet with the Cullen's at their house with Emmett and Jasper, none of them trusting the Cullen's and what they would do once Jordyn shared the information regarding the newborn army but they needed to know as it was their problem and they were going to help fix it. +

The young witch rolled her eyes, "I don't care if you believe me, I'm just telling you what is going to happen. You brought this upon us when you killed James, it's only right you fix this. The Pack and I have agreed to help you as the last thing we want is for the people in town to be hurt. However, that means you need to do your part and help us."+

"But I didn't see anything. How could I not have seen anything? You're lying! You did something to me. Why can't I see the future anymore?" Alice screamed. She hadn't been able to get a vision in weeks, unable to figure out why. She just knew Jordyn had something to do with it, how would she have known about the army?+

Jasper scoffed, "Even if she had something to do with it, you never deserved your powers. You used the future to take advantage of people and the situation. You never cared about anyone else but yourself and now, you get to live with the consequences of having no powers. I trust and believe Jordyn. You are going to help us with the army or I kill you, simple." He had let the Cullen's rule him for too long and he was done. +

"You can't do that. We're family." Esme cried. +

Emmett shook his head, "No, you four were a family. The rest of us were your pawns. You didn't care about us, you needed us to make sure no one would come after you and to ensure you had protection. We don't need you anymore. We are a family and nothing you do is going to change that. You are going to help us or, like Jasper said, we kill you." Emmett wasn't going to let them try to jerk them around. He was done with them. +

Jordyn smirked as she crossed her arms across her chest, "Like I said, you help us or you die. The choice is yours but I would choose wisely." Part of her wanted to just kill him just to get it over with but now wasn't the time. +

"You can't do that."+

"Like I said, choose wisely." +


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

The Pack had been training with Jasper, Rosalie and Emmett for the last few days, getting ready for the impending battle that was going to happen because of Edward and his stupidity. The rest of the Cullen's of course hadn't headed her warning so she was going to pay them another visit. +

"Do you people never listen? I had made myself very clear when I said you need to be a part of this, that meant including during training. If not, I'll just kill you all now."+

"You can't do anything." Edward spat.+

Jordyn scoffed, "Did me taking your head off not provide that I'm perfectly fine with killing you?" Honestly, the audacity of the old ass vampire. For someone so old he sure acted like a child a lot. What part of there's consequences to your actions did he not understand? +

Alice rolled her eyes, "You won't do anythi-." She hadn't managed to finished her sentence before Jordyn had taken off her head. She was sick and tired of these people testing her and thinking she wouldn't stay true to her word. She had warned them and they had refused to listen. +

"Why would you do that?" Esme cried as she picked up Alice's head. +

Jordyn looked at them with an innocent smile, "I warned you but you refused to listen. Me and the Pack will not be fighting your battles for you. You will be at the next training session, if not you will die. Honestly, I refuse to repeat myself again. Do I make myself clear?" At this point it would be easier to just kill them now but they were not going to fight their battles. However, as soon as it was over, nothing was stopping her from killing them and just ending the drama. +

"Why do you need us there?" Carlisle asked.+

Jordyn looked at him confused, "What do you mean? You started this so you should finish this. We are not going to clean up your mess. Deal with it or you die, how many times do I have to repeat myself? This is getting annoying."+

Edward growled at her, "We don't have to do anything."+

"You have a choice, finish this and leave Forks or I call the Volturi and let them torture you." Jordyn spat as she glared at the Cullen's. They were seriously testing her patience and she was over it. +

"What are you going to do if we're not there?"+

"Simple, I kill you."+


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

"Do you think they'll come?"+

Jordyn rolled her eyes, "They better. I've already called the Volturi and informed them of the situation. As soon as the Battle is over, the four will go to Italy to await their punishment. If they don't do their part, I have permission to kill them. They've hurt enough people and they've exposed our world to a human that didn't need to know." Part of her wanted them to not turn up just so she could kill them.+

Jared scoffed, "You know, for someone so small you sure are homicidal. Must you always be thinking about murder or torturing someone?"+

"Yep." Jordyn grinned. She just wanted to go home and be with Charlie. The stress of everything was slowly getting to him and she hated it. He knew she could protect herself but he didn't want to lose her before they even had a chance to become a family. He wanted to see the world with her, share the world with her and he was scared he would lose her before that could happen. +

Jasper had been teaching them for a few hours, going over the dos and don'ts and what made newborn vampires different from them. The Pack members took turns, perfecting their techniques and knowing what works best for them. It had been a learning curve but they were slowly getting the hang of it and Jasper was pleased with their progress as they continued to practice. +

"Why didn't you wait for us?"+

Jordyn turned around to find Edward glaring at her as the Pack continued to practice. Alice looked disheveled and like she wasn't really with it. Carlisle and Esme looked like they would rather be anywhere else. Edward walked in front of them all, acting like he was the Coven leader. +

"Why would we? We came here, on time and were ready for the training. It is not our fault that you thought you were special enough for us to wait for you. We made it clear what was expected of you and you didn't turn up. You really are testing my patience." Jordyn spoke firmly. +

Edward continued to glare at her, "We need training too. You should have waited for us. None of you would be here if it wasn't for us."+

Jordyn narrowed her eyes as she looked at Edward, "Exactly. We're all here because of you. You started this, you got us all involved and you didn't even have the decency to be here on time? Now, I have made it clear that there will be consequences to your actions. I have been in touch with the Volturi. You either leave when the Battle is over or the Volturi kill you and I'd choose wisely if I was you."+

"Why would you do that? Why did you call them?" Carlisle asked. +

"You were incapable of keeping him in line and everyone else has had to suffer the consequences of his actions. You did nothing while innocent people were getting involved and getting killed. You were incapable of being a Coven Leader so I contacted the Volturi. As the head of vampires, it's their responsibility to make sure your community is protected so they make up with a fitting punishment. Leave or die, the choice is yours." Jordyn explained. Part of her just wanted to kill them but she knew there was rules. +

"You had no right to contact them." Edward spat. +

Jordyn glared at him, "You have hurt the people I care about, of course I had the right. You have hurt too many people and I will make sure you face the consequences."+

"You have to be alive for that to happen."+

"I guess we'll see who ends up in hell first." 3


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

The Battle had finally come and gone. The Pack, with help from Jordyn, Jasper, Emmett and Rosalie, had managed to kill all the newborns and protect the land. Alice, Edward, Carlisle and Esme had done the absolute bare minimum and only fought when the newborns came towards them. However, the last straw was when Edward tried to kill Jordyn as she was fighting one of the newborns. The Volturi had then gotten involved and decided to bring an end to the Coven as they had overstepped too many times and they'd rather have Jordyn as a friend than an enemy. +

Bella wasn't sure how to feel about their death but she knew she needed to move on as they were not a healthy part of her life. She had been accepted into New York University, studying Business. She had always loved books so her dream was to open up her own bookstore but for that she needed business knowledge. Charlie had finally retired from the Force, spending his day fishing and travelling around the world with his daughter and spending time with his son and daughter-in-law. +

The Pack and Jordyn were just glad the menaces were finally gone and they didn't have to deal with them. Most of the Pack gone back to normal, spending time with their imprints and finishing school. Jacob and his father had been a problem for while but then the community had pretty much run them out of town as they didn't agree with their behaviour. The continued to Patrol the area but Sam cut back on how much work they were all doing, he had even started his own construction business and Emily had finally gotten the message to leave him alone. +

Jasper had moved in with Angela as she went to Washington State to become a journalist. He had joined her to become a Historian, something he had always wanted to do but it had been discouraged by the rest of the family. Rosalie and Emmett had decided to get a teaching degree. She wanted to teach younger children, even had the courage to finally think about adoption after Jordyn's encouragement. He had decided he wanted to teach sports to children, something that he had always loved. The couple felt like they had never been closer, finally doing what they have always wanted to do. +

Charlie had been continuing his work at the garage even agreeing to mentor some of the boys in the neighbourhood, helping to keep some of the boys out of trouble. He had also been slowly renovating the house with one room left. Jordyn had decided to take some time off to work on herself, working on her side business while spending time with the people she cared about. +

"You look beautiful." Charlie grinned as he pressed a kiss to his girlfriend's cheek. After the Battle, the couple had been spending more time together and actually doing things for the future they had planned. The both enjoyed the quiet and mundane life that they were currently living. As much as she loved the Supernatural world, she was just glad to be spending time with her mate. +

Jordyn grinned as she twirled, showing him the new dress she had brought, "Thank you. Now, where are you taking me?"+

"That's a surprise." Charlie cheekily replied as he helped her into the car, driving off to their destination. He had gotten help from the Pack to make a gorgeous picnic in the woods for her as he knew how much she loved the outdoors and the woods were her favourite place to be. The date had been absolutely perfect. They enjoyed good food and drinks while they talked about their future and what they wanted to do in the next few months. All they both wanted was to start their family together. +

Jordyn was thrown off when Charlie sat up on one knee, "What are you doing?"+

Charlie took a small box out of his trousers and looked at her with a big grin, "In the short time I have known you, you have made me the happiest man. You mean everything to me and being with you has changed me in ways that I never thought possible. I want to have a future with you. I want nothing more than to have a family with you. I want to spend the rest of my life with you. Jordyn Atwell, will you make me the happiest man and marry me?" No part of him was nervous. He and Jordyn had talked about the future and were on the same page about marriage and what they wanted their future to look like. +

"Wait, seriously?"+

"Seriously. So what do you say?"+

Jordyn grinned as tears began to form in her eyes, "Yes, a million times yes." Charlie didn't hesitate to take out the most gorgeous ring she had ever seen. A ring that she knew she would always treasure because it had come from the love of her life. +


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

"Now I can really tell people I tied you down." Charlie smirked. +

Jordyn laughed as she wiped her tears, "You have got to stop telling people you've tied me down. I'm starting to worry about your sanity and how people see us." Honestly, she didn't care how people saw them. He was the love of her life, vice versa, and she didn't care who knew. +

"I don't care. You're mine."+

"And I wouldn't have it any other way."+

the end!+


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

Jordyn had been making dinner when suddenly, she was pulled into a vision:+

"Why are we going after the Cullen's?" Asked a brown haired boy with red eyes. +

The redhead sighed in annoyance as she looked around the trail of bodies that was being left behind, "I want to eliminate them before they come after us. I don't want to live in fear of what they are capable of doing to us. You know I love you. I'm doing this for us."+

The boy sighed, knowing he wasn't going to change her mind nor did he understand her need for vengeance against the Cullen's, "I understand. Don't worry. They'll all be ready soon." There were newborn vampires surrounding them, feeding on people. Victoria had created a newborn army to go after the Cullen's and she would clearly stop at nothing to get her revenge. +

Victoria smirked as she pressed a kiss to his cheek, "Excellent."+

Jordyn took a deep breathe as she came out of the vision. She shakingly moved to sit down before she got out her phone, texting Sam and Rosalie to gather everyone at her house. She was still trying to shake the vision but she knew whatever was coming was bad and she would have to do something about it. +

"What happened?"+

"Are you okay?"+

"Why are we all here?"+

The questions were thrown at Jordyn rapidly as they had all gathered around her living room, hoping to get an understanding of why she had asked them all to come as she looked like she had seen a ghost or at least something bad that had her shook to her core. +

"There's an army coming, an army of newborn vampires." She began. +

They all looked at her confused before Rosalie spoke up, "Newborn vampires? Why? What's it got to do with us?"+

Jordyn sighed as she rubbed her face, "Victoria has been creating a newborn army in Seattle to destroy the Cullen's for killing her mate James." Not that she could blame her. If anything had happened to Charlie, she would hunt down the people that hurt him and no one would be able to stop her. Edward had been careless when he had killed James, knowing he was mated. It was only a matter of time before Victoria was going to come after Edward for what he had done. But that also meant protecting Bella. It wasn't her fault that she had been introduced to the supernatural world nor was it her fault that James wanted to feed from her. +

Jasper scoffed, "Why do we have to get involved? We weren't the ones that killed James. Edward should pay for what he did." He was still made that the Cullen's tried to make him leave his mate, Angela. Carlisle and Esme had shown favouritism towards Edward and now everyone was paying the price. +

"I know, he should be punished for what he did but it's not just about Edward anymore. The army is coming after Bella and if we don't stop them, they will come to town and slaughter everyone. The Cullen's might have started this problem but we're the only ones that can stop it right now." Jordyn explained. The last thing she wanted was to get involved in Cullen business but too many innocent lives were at stake and just as many had been take to creat the army. +

"What do you need us to do?"+

"First, we need to come up with a plan and that means working together."+


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

"And why should we trust you?"+

Jordyn had asked to meet with the Cullen's at their house with Emmett and Jasper, none of them trusting the Cullen's and what they would do once Jordyn shared the information regarding the newborn army but they needed to know as it was their problem and they were going to help fix it. +

The young witch rolled her eyes, "I don't care if you believe me, I'm just telling you what is going to happen. You brought this upon us when you killed James, it's only right you fix this. The Pack and I have agreed to help you as the last thing we want is for the people in town to be hurt. However, that means you need to do your part and help us."+

"But I didn't see anything. How could I not have seen anything? You're lying! You did something to me. Why can't I see the future anymore?" Alice screamed. She hadn't been able to get a vision in weeks, unable to figure out why. She just knew Jordyn had something to do with it, how would she have known about the army?+

Jasper scoffed, "Even if she had something to do with it, you never deserved your powers. You used the future to take advantage of people and the situation. You never cared about anyone else but yourself and now, you get to live with the consequences of having no powers. I trust and believe Jordyn. You are going to help us with the army or I kill you, simple." He had let the Cullen's rule him for too long and he was done. +

"You can't do that. We're family." Esme cried. +

Emmett shook his head, "No, you four were a family. The rest of us were your pawns. You didn't care about us, you needed us to make sure no one would come after you and to ensure you had protection. We don't need you anymore. We are a family and nothing you do is going to change that. You are going to help us or, like Jasper said, we kill you." Emmett wasn't going to let them try to jerk them around. He was done with them. +

Jordyn smirked as she crossed her arms across her chest, "Like I said, you help us or you die. The choice is yours but I would choose wisely." Part of her wanted to just kill him just to get it over with but now wasn't the time. +

"You can't do that."+

"Like I said, choose wisely." +


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

The Pack had been training with Jasper, Rosalie and Emmett for the last few days, getting ready for the impending battle that was going to happen because of Edward and his stupidity. The rest of the Cullen's of course hadn't headed her warning so she was going to pay them another visit. +

"Do you people never listen? I had made myself very clear when I said you need to be a part of this, that meant including during training. If not, I'll just kill you all now."+

"You can't do anything." Edward spat.+

Jordyn scoffed, "Did me taking your head off not provide that I'm perfectly fine with killing you?" Honestly, the audacity of the old ass vampire. For someone so old he sure acted like a child a lot. What part of there's consequences to your actions did he not understand? +

Alice rolled her eyes, "You won't do anythi-." She hadn't managed to finished her sentence before Jordyn had taken off her head. She was sick and tired of these people testing her and thinking she wouldn't stay true to her word. She had warned them and they had refused to listen. +

"Why would you do that?" Esme cried as she picked up Alice's head. +

Jordyn looked at them with an innocent smile, "I warned you but you refused to listen. Me and the Pack will not be fighting your battles for you. You will be at the next training session, if not you will die. Honestly, I refuse to repeat myself again. Do I make myself clear?" At this point it would be easier to just kill them now but they were not going to fight their battles. However, as soon as it was over, nothing was stopping her from killing them and just ending the drama. +

"Why do you need us there?" Carlisle asked.+

Jordyn looked at him confused, "What do you mean? You started this so you should finish this. We are not going to clean up your mess. Deal with it or you die, how many times do I have to repeat myself? This is getting annoying."+

Edward growled at her, "We don't have to do anything."+

"You have a choice, finish this and leave Forks or I call the Volturi and let them torture you." Jordyn spat as she glared at the Cullen's. They were seriously testing her patience and she was over it. +

"What are you going to do if we're not there?"+

"Simple, I kill you."+


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

"Do you think they'll come?"+

Jordyn rolled her eyes, "They better. I've already called the Volturi and informed them of the situation. As soon as the Battle is over, the four will go to Italy to await their punishment. If they don't do their part, I have permission to kill them. They've hurt enough people and they've exposed our world to a human that didn't need to know." Part of her wanted them to not turn up just so she could kill them.+

Jared scoffed, "You know, for someone so small you sure are homicidal. Must you always be thinking about murder or torturing someone?"+

"Yep." Jordyn grinned. She just wanted to go home and be with Charlie. The stress of everything was slowly getting to him and she hated it. He knew she could protect herself but he didn't want to lose her before they even had a chance to become a family. He wanted to see the world with her, share the world with her and he was scared he would lose her before that could happen. +

Jasper had been teaching them for a few hours, going over the dos and don'ts and what made newborn vampires different from them. The Pack members took turns, perfecting their techniques and knowing what works best for them. It had been a learning curve but they were slowly getting the hang of it and Jasper was pleased with their progress as they continued to practice. +

"Why didn't you wait for us?"+

Jordyn turned around to find Edward glaring at her as the Pack continued to practice. Alice looked disheveled and like she wasn't really with it. Carlisle and Esme looked like they would rather be anywhere else. Edward walked in front of them all, acting like he was the Coven leader. +

"Why would we? We came here, on time and were ready for the training. It is not our fault that you thought you were special enough for us to wait for you. We made it clear what was expected of you and you didn't turn up. You really are testing my patience." Jordyn spoke firmly. +

Edward continued to glare at her, "We need training too. You should have waited for us. None of you would be here if it wasn't for us."+

Jordyn narrowed her eyes as she looked at Edward, "Exactly. We're all here because of you. You started this, you got us all involved and you didn't even have the decency to be here on time? Now, I have made it clear that there will be consequences to your actions. I have been in touch with the Volturi. You either leave when the Battle is over or the Volturi kill you and I'd choose wisely if I was you."+

"Why would you do that? Why did you call them?" Carlisle asked. +

"You were incapable of keeping him in line and everyone else has had to suffer the consequences of his actions. You did nothing while innocent people were getting involved and getting killed. You were incapable of being a Coven Leader so I contacted the Volturi. As the head of vampires, it's their responsibility to make sure your community is protected so they make up with a fitting punishment. Leave or die, the choice is yours." Jordyn explained. Part of her just wanted to kill them but she knew there was rules. +

"You had no right to contact them." Edward spat. +

Jordyn glared at him, "You have hurt the people I care about, of course I had the right. You have hurt too many people and I will make sure you face the consequences."+

"You have to be alive for that to happen."+

"I guess we'll see who ends up in hell first." 3


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

The Battle had finally come and gone. The Pack, with help from Jordyn, Jasper, Emmett and Rosalie, had managed to kill all the newborns and protect the land. Alice, Edward, Carlisle and Esme had done the absolute bare minimum and only fought when the newborns came towards them. However, the last straw was when Edward tried to kill Jordyn as she was fighting one of the newborns. The Volturi had then gotten involved and decided to bring an end to the Coven as they had overstepped too many times and they'd rather have Jordyn as a friend than an enemy. +

Bella wasn't sure how to feel about their death but she knew she needed to move on as they were not a healthy part of her life. She had been accepted into New York University, studying Business. She had always loved books so her dream was to open up her own bookstore but for that she needed business knowledge. Charlie had finally retired from the Force, spending his day fishing and travelling around the world with his daughter and spending time with his son and daughter-in-law. +

The Pack and Jordyn were just glad the menaces were finally gone and they didn't have to deal with them. Most of the Pack gone back to normal, spending time with their imprints and finishing school. Jacob and his father had been a problem for while but then the community had pretty much run them out of town as they didn't agree with their behaviour. The continued to Patrol the area but Sam cut back on how much work they were all doing, he had even started his own construction business and Emily had finally gotten the message to leave him alone. +

Jasper had moved in with Angela as she went to Washington State to become a journalist. He had joined her to become a Historian, something he had always wanted to do but it had been discouraged by the rest of the family. Rosalie and Emmett had decided to get a teaching degree. She wanted to teach younger children, even had the courage to finally think about adoption after Jordyn's encouragement. He had decided he wanted to teach sports to children, something that he had always loved. The couple felt like they had never been closer, finally doing what they have always wanted to do. +

Charlie had been continuing his work at the garage even agreeing to mentor some of the boys in the neighbourhood, helping to keep some of the boys out of trouble. He had also been slowly renovating the house with one room left. Jordyn had decided to take some time off to work on herself, working on her side business while spending time with the people she cared about. +

"You look beautiful." Charlie grinned as he pressed a kiss to his girlfriend's cheek. After the Battle, the couple had been spending more time together and actually doing things for the future they had planned. The both enjoyed the quiet and mundane life that they were currently living. As much as she loved the Supernatural world, she was just glad to be spending time with her mate. +

Jordyn grinned as she twirled, showing him the new dress she had brought, "Thank you. Now, where are you taking me?"+

"That's a surprise." Charlie cheekily replied as he helped her into the car, driving off to their destination. He had gotten help from the Pack to make a gorgeous picnic in the woods for her as he knew how much she loved the outdoors and the woods were her favourite place to be. The date had been absolutely perfect. They enjoyed good food and drinks while they talked about their future and what they wanted to do in the next few months. All they both wanted was to start their family together. +

Jordyn was thrown off when Charlie sat up on one knee, "What are you doing?"+

Charlie took a small box out of his trousers and looked at her with a big grin, "In the short time I have known you, you have made me the happiest man. You mean everything to me and being with you has changed me in ways that I never thought possible. I want to have a future with you. I want nothing more than to have a family with you. I want to spend the rest of my life with you. Jordyn Atwell, will you make me the happiest man and marry me?" No part of him was nervous. He and Jordyn had talked about the future and were on the same page about marriage and what they wanted their future to look like. +

"Wait, seriously?"+

"Seriously. So what do you say?"+

Jordyn grinned as tears began to form in her eyes, "Yes, a million times yes." Charlie didn't hesitate to take out the most gorgeous ring she had ever seen. A ring that she knew she would always treasure because it had come from the love of her life. +


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

"Now I can really tell people I tied you down." Charlie smirked. +

Jordyn laughed as she wiped her tears, "You have got to stop telling people you've tied me down. I'm starting to worry about your sanity and how people see us." Honestly, she didn't care how people saw them. He was the love of her life, vice versa, and she didn't care who knew. +

"I don't care. You're mine."+

"And I wouldn't have it any other way."+

the end!+





