Thank you, my Flower âš˜, for reading Her Twilight. 2

May we continue this journey together+

- Official Blu Iris â€+

+

Her TwilightÂ Teaser Youtube Shorts+

https://youtube.com/shorts/ghlvfpJBjcs?feature=share1

+

ğ“œğ“¼. ğ“‘ğ“®ğ“»ğ“¸ğ“µğ“­+


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

ğ“ğ“µğ“®ğ” ğ“œğ“ªğ“¾ğ“»ğ“²ğ“¬ğ“®1


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

ğ“–ğ“»ğ“ªğ“¬ğ“® ğ“™ğ“¸ğ“·ğ“®ğ“¼+


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

ğ“œğ“ªğ”ğ”€ğ“®ğ“µğ“µ "ğ“œğ“ªğ”" ğ“¦ğ“±ğ“²ğ“½ğ“ªğ“´ğ“®ğ“»+


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

+

ğ“’ğ“±ğ“®ğ“µğ“¸ğ“¾ - ğ“—ğ“ªğ“µğ“¯ğ”€ğ“ªğ”‚ ğ“½ğ“¸ ğ“ğ“¸ğ”€ğ“±ğ“®ğ“»ğ“®1


                            
                              
                                
                                
                              
                            
                            
                        

ğ“’ğ“»ğ“¾ğ“¶ğ“« - ğ“›ğ“¸ğ“¬ğ“´ğ“®ğ“½Â +


                            
                              
                                
                                
                              
                            
                            
                        

ğ“•ğ“®ğ“µğ“µğ”‚ - ğ“‘ğ“ªğ“­ ğ“¡ğ“ªğ“­ğ“²ğ“¸+


                            
                              
                                
                                
                              
                            
                            
                        

ğ“Ÿğ“ªğ“µğ“ªğ“¬ğ“® - ğ“›ğ“²ğ“¿ğ“® ğ“¦ğ“®ğ“µğ“µ+


                            
                              
                                
                                
                              
                            
                            
                        

ğ“¦ğ“ªğ“«ğ“²ğ“® - ğ“—ğ“®ğ”‚ ğ“›ğ“¸ğ“¿ğ“®ğ“»!+


                            
                              
                                
                                
                              
                            
                            
                        

ğ“™ğ“ªğ“´ğ“¾ğ“«ğ“² - ğ“’ğ“¸ğ“¾ğ“¬ğ“± ğ“Ÿğ“¸ğ“½ğ“ªğ“½ğ“¸+


                            
                              
                                
                                
                              
                            
                            
                        

The weather was cool and damp on the west coast of Washington. It was like this every day, the sun hiding behind the clouds. Dewdrops from the trees fell onto the plants and soil that surrounded them. Compared to other places, it was the opposite of their warmer climates. Despite the cold temperature, one person, in particular, felt warm. A female regretted waking up in the familiar arms of a male. With a sigh, she turned to face him and shook his shoulder. +

"Wake up," She spoke. +

The boy pulled her closer, snuggling into the crook of her neck. The female groaned in annoyance, trying to shove him off. Every push only made his grip tighter. Defeated, she let her body go limp and looked around the room. The same small plain bedroom with family photos hanging over the light blue walls. Tartan red curtains covered half the window, allowing in sunlight. The smell of his room felt nothing new to her as she inhaled. +

"Give up, Driana?" The male asked, unchanged in his position.

Driana rolled her eyes, her silence causing the male to chuckle.+

"You don't need to go anywhere," He told her. +

"The only thing we need," She emphasized, trying to shimmy her way out, "is to stop doing this, Paul."+

"You always say that." He scoffed, irritated at her words. "Same old words. Then, we end up here in bed again. After, we argue about us again."+

Paul's body shook angrily, but she remained calm. "Paul," Driana gently warned. "Paul, breathe."+

Paul exhaled, struggling to relax but releasing his grip on the girl. Driana sighed, cradling Paul in her arms. As he calmed down, she ended up stroking his hair. These were moments when both had to step back as they knew what he could become. +

"Better?" Driana asked. +

"Yeah." Paul kissed her chest and snuggled back into her.+

"Nope!" Driana pulled his arms roughly from her. "I'm going to wash up."+

As she stood up, Paul admired her bare body. The girl ignored him, accustomed to his stares. However, in Paul's eyes, she was perfect despite her protests that she still had flaws. Even though they broke up months ago, it was as if they didn't. +

"Lahote," She spoke low, narrowing her eyes at him.+

"What I do?" Paul asked innocently.+

Driana showed him her clothes and then stuck out her hand. "Give it back."+

Paul rolled his eyes and lazily smiled. "Fine, here." He tossed her bra into her hands.+

Driana turned to stare at his alarm clock. "Your dad's coming back soon." +

He watched her leave his room toward the shared bathroom. "You're not staying?" He spoke loudly for her. +

"Every time this happens?" She answered in a normal tone, knowing he could hear. "When do I ever?"+

Paul sighed, ruffling his hair. He stood up from his bed, wrapped a towel around his waist, and waited outside the bathroom door. "Of course," He muttered. +

Driana swung the door open, fully clothed. "I'm not in the mood to argue today."+

Paul shrugged, entering the bathroom. "You know where the exit is, anyway."+

"As always," Driana huffed out. +

She brushed past him and grabbed her belongings from his room. She stared at her phone screen, thankful for the few missed calls from last night. She texted back to let them know she was safe. After a quick shower, Paul wore a new set of clothes and dried his wet hair. Sitting on his bed, he gave Driana a teasing look. Driana furrowed his brows at the boy. +

"What?"+

"Still here?" Paul joked. "I thought you'd be gone by now."+

Driana glared, walking out of the bedroom. "Maybe someone else can take me home. Thanks for the offer!"+

Paul tossed his towel onto a chair filled with clothes. He grabbed the car keys to the 80's Ford F-250 and jogged outside to meet Driana. "Your temper is something."+

Driana lightly punched his arm. "So is yours."+

Paul dangled the keys in front of her. "I have the keys." He ushered her to the passenger side of the truck. "No need to be grouchy anymore."+

Driana scoffed. "You should be telling yourself that, Wolf Boy."+

"Tch!" Paul lightly flicked her head. "What if someone hears you?"+

Driana scowled, rubbing her forehead. "You mean the down-the-road neighbor?"+

Paul started the truck. "You never know if someone is snooping around."+

Before Driana and Paul broke up, the boy had shifted into a wolf for the first time at the wrong moment. After a party with Paul's former friends, they had argued over something small, but Paul's mood swings at the time were unexplainable. Paul's anger caused him to shift. Luckily, Alpha Sam Uley and Beta Jared Cameron had been spying on Paul. Jared swooped in, saving Driana from any accident occurring. Sam explained and calmed down Paul, who was confused and scared. With no choice, Driana being an eye-witness and outsider caused her to be aware of the Quiluete legends. They had told Driana some, but not all, their stories. Paul's transformation, the arguing, the subtle flirtation with other girls, and Driana's safety had driven them apart. Yet, both found it hard to stay away from each other. +

"And you're home," Paul announced. +

"Great, thanks, Paul," Driana rushed out.+

"Why are you in a hurry?" He inquired. +

She rolled her eyes, stepping out of the vehicle. "My mom's home. She knows we broke up. Not about the damned hookups." +

"How about a kiss before you go?" He jested, his cockiness rising. +

"Shut up, Paul." Driana slammed the door closed and ran to her house.+

"That's not what you said when we were in the back of the truck!" He called out before driving off.Â +

The next day, Driana got ready for school. Her mother, Ms. Berold, had already gone to work. They never see each other in the morning, only after 4 PM when Ms. Berold ends her shift. Although, she always leaves breakfast on the table for her daughter. Driana returns the favor by cooking dinner. It was their everyday lifestyle after Driana's father left when she was little. +

Driana answered her ringing cell phone. "Yes, Sam?" +

"Hey, Dri."+

Driana chuckled. "Sam, I don't need the mind link to know what you're gonna ask."+

"Oh," Sam said, taken aback. "Well, this is different. I spoke with Leah."+

Driana dropped her fork. "And?" +

"Uhm." Sam hesitated, rubbing the nape of his neck. "I chickened out."+

Driana smacked her forehead and began eating again. "Sam, have you not seen the state of Leah Clearwater recently?"+

"I know," Sam grunted, pinching his nose. "I can't stand seeing her upset. It makes me upset."+

"And you should be," Driana scolded. She stabbed a piece of lasagna into her mouth. "I've had to take her out and get her mind off you."+

"Well, did it work?"+

"No," Driana mumbled. "She asks about you. I told her we rarely talk since Paul and I broke up."+

Sam laughed. "That's some kind of breakup you have going on."+

Driana scrunched her nose. "Hey, at least Leah and I are bonding over aching hearts. She cries over the Alpha while I suffer over Paul's unchanged habits."+

"Yikes," Sam whistled. "Well, you're not wrong on Paul."+

"Tell me about it," Driana groaned out in frustration. "Anyway, what did you say to Leah?"+

"I told her I was different," Sam sighed. "I said I was going through changes. She offered to give me space."+

"Oh, Sammy Boy,"  Driana said disappointingly. She imagined Sam picking at his nails, pacing back and forth nervously. The girl shook her head at the thought and continued talking. "Maybe, in time, she'll learn to get over you. Right now, let her be."+

"Okay," Sam agreed. "You need to get ready for school."+

Driana rolled her eyes. "Slow down, grandpa. You left school not so long ago."+

"I'm not old," Sam said, frowning. "Is that Maurice kid picking you up soon?"+

"Alex is coming soon," Driana told him. They only had one car, but Ms. Berold trusted Driana's word on finding safe ways to get to school. +

"I assume Alex is okay with Paul still?" Sam teased. +

Driana cleared the table and washed her plate. "He's friends with a dumbass who doesn't get why his dumbass friend still hookups with her ex. However, he goes with the flow."+

"And how are you holding up?" Sam asked with concern in his voice. "I know it still bothers you."+

Driana sighed, knowing Sam wasn't wrong. When Paul and Driana split, she vowed to keep a distance from him. The transformation caused Paul's ego to rise, annoying those around him. It bothered Driana the most as she resents herself for falling back into Paul's arms. Bickering since then, Driana fell depressed, not knowing why she was unable to run away from him. +

"I'm trying," Driana sighed. +

A knock on the door made Driana quickly grab her school bag and put on her shoes. She combed her long black hair and sprayed on perfume. +

"I want you to be safe, alright?" Sam said in a brotherly tone.+

"Yes, Sammy Boy, I will," Driana said in a singing voice. She hung up the phone and stepped outside. +

"Come on," Alex ushered her. "I want some grub before we head to school."+

Driana rolled her eyes. "Hello, to you too, Alex."+

Alex Maurice had known Driana since he moved to Forks. Ms. Berold has worked at a diner for half her life, meeting Alex's mother, who had begun. After forming a small friendship, they led Driana and Alex into having their own. +

Alex parked in front of a small restaurant. "Want anything?"

"Just a sec," Driana told him. She fished out fifteen dollars and handed it to him. "A regular chicken sandwich and a chocolate shake."+

"Got it, boss." Alex stepped out of his Nissan Sentra. "Watch the car."+

Driana laughed. "I know. Now, hurry up."+

The car had one of its locks broken. Alex had ordered a new part but temporarily tied the door down as he waited for his package. Since then, Driana watched over the car whenever she rode with Alex.+

Alex came back with their food. Driana tucked the sandwich carefully in her bag for lunch. The boy ate and drove at the same time. +

"Any plans for your birthday?" Alex said, chewing his food.+

Driana sipped on her shake. "It's just another day. Maybe we can go hang out somewhere. Or eat at our moms' work."+

"At least something is exciting." Alex gulped down his food. He parked in the school parking lot. "Here we are, Forks High School."+

The pair got out of the car and headed up the school steps. They greeted everyone they knew before standing in front of their lockers. Driana barely used hers, while Alex treated it as his second room drawer. +

"I'll see you in class," Alex told her. +

"And on the field for lunch," Driana told him. +

"Later, you can tell me what happened with you and Paul," Alex teased. "My second cousin told me."+

Driana facepalmed. "Tell Embry I'm coming after him," She jokingly threatened before walking to class.+

Students at the gym were bustling around. It was currently PE on Driana's schedule. She hated it. Although, she enjoyed it when the class had to lift weights. She wasn't interested in running or ball sports related. If she had to date an athlete, it'd be a baseball player. Driana shamelessly loved butts. +

"Colrir!"+

Driana ran up to Coach Mitchell. Before the class would end, they'd had to run laps around the gym. Their gym teacher would call their last names alphabetically before they began. Alex had the other gym teacher, Coach Clapp, who focused more on sports and taught the first and third-year students. +

"Everybody, ready?" Coach Mitchell called out to the lined-up students. "Ready, set, go!"+

Driana began jogging. Not like Coach Mitchell would care as long as the students weren't walking. Driana set her pace, focusing straight. She suddenly thought of what Alex would be doing in Biology II. She imagined him drawing, trying not to doze off during class time. +

The girl had the habit of creating images. She was curious about seeing the world from other's perspectives. When Driana was in the halls, she'd glance at other students and pretend she was in their shoes. She'd visualize what they supposedly see through their eyes. 1

Coach Mitchell blew her whistle. "Times up! Class ends in ten minutes!"+

"See you tomorrow, Dri!" A few classmates waved at her.+

Driana waved goodbye to those who bid her farewell. The girl wiped her body with a damp towel before changing into her regular clothes. She felt uncomfortable using the gym showers. Spraying on perfume, she left the locker room and met with Grace Jones.+

"I'm starving," Grace whined. Her brown hair bounced around as she complained.+

"I hope my chicken sandwich didn't get mushed in my bag," Driana mumbled. +

Grace laughed. "Max brought his container, so I begged him to store my food there."+

Driana snorted. "Just pray he didn't eat it."+

Grace gasped. "You're right!" She dragged Driana down the halls to their spot. +

Driana and her friend group hung around a metal picnic table under a tree. It was close to the small field and outdoor hallway with a vending machine. They ate their lunch here instead of the school's crowded cafeteria. +

"Maxwell Whitaker!" Grace screeched. +

"What?" Max answered, mouthful.+

"That better not be mine you're eating," Grace growled. +

At the beginning of their middle school days, Driana met Grace and Max. Grace used to be a naughty student. She would tug at Max's shaggy beach blond hair. The two would bicker, something they haven't grown out of. They picked an innocent bystander, Driana, to settle their arguments. After solving their issues, the trio formed a friendship. Alex joined their group in his first year of high school.+

Max rolled his eyes, showing Grace's food that lay untouched in the container. Grace squealed, grabbing her food and eating happily. Driana laughed and ate her sandwich in silence. Alex finally came moments after. +

"Where were you?" Max questioned the younger boy.+

Alex scoffed, drinking his soda pop from the vending machine. "I got caught sleeping in Bio."+

"I knew it!" Driana cheered.+

Grace chuckled. "It's likely of you."+

"At least you three won't have to suffer," Alex depressingly said. "You're all seniors, graduating this year."+

Driana pouted, giving Alex a side hug. "Alex, we're still here."+

"Yeah, man!" Max ruffled his hair. +

"I'll promise to be here for your graduation," Grace softly told him.+

Alex nodded his head, still upset. "Okay."+

"Want some of my chicken sandwich?" Driana waved it around his face, making Alex feel better as he laughed. +

"Anyway, guess what I heard?" Grace announces, eating her burrito.+

"You're learning to be nice now?" Max fake gasped, covering his mouth.+

"I am nice!" Grace whacked his side with her bag. "I heard we're getting a new student."+

Driana looked at her in shock. "Do you know their name?"+

Grace shook her head. "They said it's the Chief's daughter."+

Alex furrowed his brows, confused. "I thought Chief Swan lived alone."+

Max shook his head. "He didn't before. He was a married man and had a daughter. I saw his ex-wife and daughter leave the house. I remember he looked devastated. I never knew his daughter's name even though I used to live on the same road as them."+

Driana hummed. "A new student, huh? That's another thing happening this week."+

Driana entered her last period early. She sat in her usual seat and threw her bag on the empty chair beside her, waiting for the day to finish. Plugging in her earphones, she turned the volume up to tune out the students who walked in. She felt the presence of a person standing by the desk table. The girl looked up, surprised. It was her first time seeing one of the mysterious students in view.+

Driana removed her earphones. "Yes?"+

The blonde beauty gestured toward the whiteboard. Driana quickly wore her glasses and read the board where their teacher had written their activity. The first assignment was temporarily having new seatmates. Students sitting on the right chair on the left side of the room would switch with those on the left chair on the right side of the room. +

"Oh," Driana said, taking off her glasses. She removed her bag and hung it on her chair. "My apologies, Ms. Hale. A beauty, such as yourself, shouldn't have waited."+

Rosalie smirked and gracefully sat down next to her. "You have a trained eye."+

Driana smiled. "One would have to be blind not to notice."+

Driana listened to her music again while Rosalie glanced at her with interest. Her phone stopped playing music, annoying the girl. She ripped out her earphones and realized it was a call coming from Paul. She rolled her eyes, turning to the side.+

"What do you want, Paul?" She harshly whispered. +

"I can't call?" Paul answered back.+

"I'm in class, obviously," She told him.+

"And what about class?" He mocked. "It never stopped you from texting me back."+

Driana rolled her eyes. She could see him smirking. "Keep away, Paul," She vexed.+

She ended the call. Her brows furrowed in frustration as she kept her eyes shut. Exhaling, she reopened her eyes. Rosalie stared at her, curious. Driana sheepishly gave her an apologetic look. +

"Feeling troubled?" Rosalie asked. +

"Very," Driana sighed. She held in her tears, stupid Paul.+

"You could complain," Rosalie suggested. "Class isn't starting yet, anyway."+

Driana hesitated. The goddess is asking her to vent over her problems. Then again, she was sure something picture perfect as Rosalie Hale had her issues and dealt with flaws. +

"Turning back time to avoid mistakes," Driana huffed out. "Wouldn't you agree?"+

Rosalie's features softened as if a memory flashed through her eyes. "Yes."+

"I've spent countless times running away from a problem," Driana told her. "Yet, I'm a piece of iron being pulled back to the magnetic source."+

"Exactly what are you running from?" Rosalie cautiously asked.+

Driana bitterly smiled. "A boy I've convinced myself has no attachment to me."+

Rosalie fought the urge to place a hand on her shoulder. "I may have found someone that makes me feel complete." Her facial expression became serious. "And you will too. However, it doesn't change the fact that we are women. We were born to take challenges that'll serve us justice. You are strong, Driana. Don't forget that."+

Driana was starstruck. "Wise and kind. Thank you, Rosalie."+

Rosalie lightly smiled, responding with a curt nod. +

In the following hour, the class went on with their activities. It was a lesson on civil rights and liberties. The students were given flashcards and had to identify which cards would be civil rights to civil liberties. After organizing them, they each had to write the meaning. Rosalie finished writing her side of the work.+

Driana followed after, raising a brow at Rosalie. "Beautiful and intelligent?" She teased. "You're an ace."+

Rosalie smirked. "What can I say? I'm one of a kind."+

The girl chuckled. "Right, you are, Ms. Hale."+

The blonde beauty tapped her fingers against the desk. She paused, curious again. "I barely see you in school."+

The girl shrugged. "My friends and I avoid crowded places in the school. The company of others is fine, but we keep to ourselves mostly."+

Rosalie furrowed her brows. "What about school drama? Or secrets?"+

"Leave that to my friend, Grace," She laughed. "She tells me the stories, and that's it. Although, I only spread the drama about those I hate."+

Rosalie looked impressed. "You'll fit in just fine with my family and me."+

"I'll take that as a compliment."+

Class ended shortly after that. Rosalie and Driana bid their goodbyes, ending the day on acquainted terms. Driana left the class to find her group of friends. They always waited by Max's locker since it was closer to the school's entrance. +

"Sup," Max greeted her.+

Driana responded with a nod. She noticed Alex's bag on the ground. "Did they come by?"+

"Grace hasn't. But Alex went to get another pop from the vending machine."+

Driana rolled her eyes. "He's practically married to that thing."+

"Of course I am," Alex popped up. He took a sip from his drink and admired it. "Mr. and Mrs. Vending-Maurice."+

Max and Driana looked at each other and fake gagged. Alex scowled. "Don't come to me when I run a vending machine business."+

Max sneered. "Sure, buddy, sure."+

Driana watched the two males bicker. She saw Grace coming toward them and sneakily slipped away. Grabbing a confused Grace, she dragged her out of the school. +

"Fighting," Driana informed her.+

"For once, it isn't me this time," Grace joked. +

Max and Alex finally came. Driana and Grace snickered about how they argued over a vending machine. Driana explained her birthday ideas before Max and Grace left. Alex and Driana got in his car and drove away from the school. +

"Do you think I can own a vending machine business?" Alex asked. +

Driana laughed loudly. "Just keep driving, Lex."+

As Saturday came, it was the day of Driana's birthday. She prepared the ingredients in the kitchen. Ms. Berold was at work but requested a half day for Driana's celebration. Later, Max, Grace, and Alex parked their cars in front of Driana's small home. Driana opened the door as they came. +

"Happy Birthday, Dri!" They greeted her, carrying presents and balloons. +

Driana shyly smiled, hugging them. "Thanks, guys!"+

They took off their shoes and helped Driana around the kitchen. Alex was in charge of holding the knife and cutting the ingredients, a safer option, considering how Max and Grace would get at each other's throats. Driana opted to clean.+

"Okay!" Driana clapped her hands. "Before we eat, I'd like to say a few words."+

"Birthday speech!" Alex yelled. +

"Thank you for coming to my 18th birthday! I'm glad you all stuck around as my friends. I couldn't wish for anything else. Hopefully, this year's filled with moments that I'll never forget. Today, I'll cherish the ones right now. I love you guys!"+

"Wooh!" They cheered. +

"Okay, let's eat!" +

Alex dove right into the spaghetti. Grace and Max argued over their portions of food. Driana ignored their bickering and smiled. She only cared about how the three were there with her. An hour later, they cleaned up and got ready to head out. Max offered to use his Honda CRV for their outing. +

Driana sat in the passenger seat. "I can't think of anything today."+

"We have until 6 PM before heading to the diner," Alex reminded them.+

"How about we walk around the park or creek?" Grace proposed.+

Max made a face of agreement. "Sounds good."+

He drove to Calawah River Park. Driana excitedly left the car. Grace, Alex, and Max chased after her, knowing Driana's eagerness blinds her awareness. Grace caught up with her, looping her arm around the girl. +

"Slow down, Dri."+

Driana pouted. "I can't help it."+

Alex chuckled. "We shall let her be. Besides, these types of forests are the only thing that keeps her happy about Forks."+

"Let's head to the river," Max told them. +

"See y'all there!" Driana screamed, breaking free from Grace's hold and running off. +

She imagined them rolling their eyes in defeat and taking their time. However, Driana enjoyed the forests that weren't around her house. She felt free. The area felt like a second home. The smell of the trees and the river made her calm. +

Driana perched herself on a rock by the river's edge. She admired the river's flow as it glided smoothly over the rocks. The sound of twigs breaking broke her out of her trance-like state. The girl cautiously got down, keeping herself close to the rock. She squinted, sighing in relief as she saw a wolf. +

"I panicked for a second there, Jared."+

Jared panted as if he laughed at her reaction. Crossing the river, he greeted Driana with a gentle nudge. The girl ruffled the fur on his neck. It was soft but left residue from running around the trees and dirt. Jared gestured with his head for her to get on his back. +

"Are you crazy? No!" Driana protested. "You're a friend, not a horse."+

Jared panted, making her realize she called him a different animal. "Whatever. You get what I mean."+

He got down on all fours. Driana rolled her eyes, carefully climbing onto his back. Securing herself, Jared sprinted across the river and into the woods. The girl shut her eyes to avoid motion sickness. Finally, Jared stopped by a huge tree. He slid the girl off his back carefully. Pointing with his snout, Driana grabbed a small bag that hung by the closest branch. +

"It's a shell necklace!" She squealed, immediately wearing it. "Jared, this is so beautiful!" She hugged him between his shoulder and neck. "Thanks!" +

Jared nudged her again in response. His ears pricked up, getting down again. Without questioning, she climbed on his back. He sprinted faster than before. Cautiously crossing the river, Driana hopped off his back. Jared grunted at her before running off. +

"There you are!" +

She whipped her head to see Alex approaching her. "Where else would I go?" She joked.+

"Where'd you get the necklace?"+

"I found it," Driana lied.+

Alex rolled his eyes. "Come on, we gotta head to the diner."+

Riding in Max's car was an eventful ride. Grace and Max blamed each other for causing the other to fall at the park. Peace lasted a moment until Alex loudly began his carpool karaoke. A 10-minute drive later, they finally arrived at the diner where Driana and Alex's mother worked. Driana was the last to enter. The workers, Ms. Berold, and Alex's mother began singing to her. +

"Happy Birthday to You! Happy Birthday to You! Happy Birthday, Driana! Happy Birthday to You!"+

Driana ran to her mother. Ms. Berold laughed, hugging her daughter. "Do you love it?"+

"Yes, Mom," Driana breathed out. "I do."+

"I'm glad," Ms. Berold told her. She cupped her daughter's cheek and kissed her forehead. "Time to make a wish, baby."+

Driana looked around the room, smiling at everyone. She leaned over her cake, closing her eyes.+

"I forever wish to be surrounded by those who love me," She silently wished and blew out her candles.Â 1

"I hate this."+

Coach Clapp took over Driana's class as Coach Mitchell was absent. Driana hid behind her tall classmates since they were playing volleyball today. Then again, everyone's taller since her height is below average. She didn't want a ball coming at her face. It'd be embarrassing if she bothered to try playing. +

"At least try," Grace told her.+

"That's like telling an ant to throw a ball."+

Grace furrowed her brows. "Ants can't do that."+

"Exactly." Driana rolled her eyes. +

"Can't you pretend to join?"+

Driana shrugged. "I am. I'm moving where the ball goes and not doing anything."1

Grace facepalmed, joining the rest of her classmates. Driana continued to run and hide while playing along. She wished that Coach Mitchell wasn't absent. The girl would prefer doing laps over anything ball sports related. +

"Colrir!" Coach Clapp called her. +

Driana winced, praying he didn't see the way she hid. She solemnly walked over to where Coach Clapp stood by the volleyball post. Nearing closer, she faked her smile at him. Coach Clapp was staring at his clipboard before acknowledging her. +

"I need a favor, Colrir."+

Driana sighed in relief that she wasn't in trouble. "Yes, Coach?"+

"Have you heard about the new student?" He asked, to which Driana nodded in reply. "I need you to grab me a uniform for them." He detached a key from his lanyard and gave it to Driana. "Here's the key to the office. I trust you to bring it back. Be quick. We only have 20 minutes of class left."+

Driana, excited about not having to deal with volleyball for the remainder of the class, jogged out of the gym. Entering the gym's office, she realized Coach Clapp didn't tell her where the uniforms were. The room had two desks, one for Coach Mitchell and the other for Coach Clapp. On opposite ends, there were two closets. Driana glanced at both of them, unsure which storage had the uniforms. Trusting her gut, she opened the closet behind Coach Mitchell's desk. +

"Bingo." She found the container with uniforms and dug through. "Wait, I don't even know their size." Sighing, Driana took a random guess and grabbed a medium-sized uniform. "This is fine."+

Putting back the container and leaving the closet, Driana only had less than 10 minutes to spare. She locked the door and ran. The gym wasn't that far, but the turns slowed her down. Turning a corner, Driana staggered back. She thought she bumped into a cold hard wall. Instead, she collided with another mysterious student of Forks High School. His tall and bulky build made him seem intimidating, but his facial features were childlike. Driana recognized him as a Cullen and boyfriend of Rosalie Hale.+

"I'm sorry. I should've watched where I was going," The male told her. He ruffled his dark hair, embarrassed. +

"As should I," Driana admitted with a laugh. +

He pointed at her, interested. "You're Driana Colrir, right?" +

Driana nodded with a smile. "Yep, that's me! I know you're one of Dr. Carlisle Cullen's kids."+

"Correct," He smirked. "I'm Emmett. Nice meeting you."+

"Nice meeting you too! I'd love to stay and chat. However, I'm running a favor for Coach Clapp."+

Emmett waved his hands dismissively. "Of course. See you around."+

"See ya!" She shouted. +

Driana ran again, nearing the gym. Passing through the doors, she handed the uniform and key to Coach Clapp just as the bell rang. He dismissed the class, and Driana hurriedly cleaned herself in the locker room. Making sure to wet the towel, she harshly wiped her body to get rid of the sweat. She layered on deodorant and perfume. +

"Driana, stop!" Grace screeched at her. "You smell fine!"+

Driana stared at Grace, being petty as she sprayed once more. Grace's annoyed look satisfied the girl. "Alright, I was only playing. Let's go."+

Alex stood outside the gym doors. Spotting the girls, he dragged them toward the direction of the cafeteria. It was odd for Grace and Driana since their group never ate there. Grace tugged Alex back, staring at him with a confused face.+

"Why are we heading there?"+

"I wanna glance at the new girl," Alex said, shrugging. "Her name's Isabella Swan."+

Driana narrowed her eyes at him. "That's a lie. I smell something fishy."+

Grace agreed. "You used to come here for one thing." Her eyes widened in realization. "Do you have a crush on someone?"+

Alex covered Grace's mouth, telling her to shush. Grace removed his hand and jumped in excitement. "So, you do! Who is it?"+

Driana crossed her arms. "I bet I know, and if it's who I think it is, I disapprove."+

Grace gasped, mimicking Driana's pose. "Is it that Lauren chick?"+

Alex sighed, nodding. "Yes," He pouted. "But only to get a glimpse of her. I want to eat at the cafeteria. Please?"+

Grace and Driana rolled their eyes and followed the boy. Lauren Mallory was well-known in school. However, her attitude wasn't the best. Driana couldn't understand why some boys in the school had crushes on her. +

"Hey," Max called out to them. "What's going on?"+

"Lauren Mallory," Grace answered while pointing at Alex.+

"Dang, buddy," Max teased him. "He probably needs his eyes checked," He muttered to the girls. +

Alex led the way inside the cafeteria. It was crowded, as always. Driana trailed behind Max and Grace, listening to their conversation. The girl felt eyes following her every move. Resisting the urge to look, she pretended to be unbothered.+

"Let's sit here," Alex said, sitting at a table away from Lauren Mallory. +

"That's Isabella Swan, right?" Max asked, noticing she sat with the other known kids in school. +

"Yeah," Alex answered. "She prefers Bella. We share Spanish class."+

While they had their discussion, Driana tried to focus. It was hard as she felt the pair of eyes staring intensely. She glanced to her left, her eyes roaming around the lunchroom until they landed at the Cullens. For the first time, Driana saw all of them together. She knew some of the adopted siblings by name but not by face. The girl figured out that the blond-haired sibling kept gazing at her. Making eye contact, she regretted it. He glared at Driana with much emotion. For a moment, time stopped as they stared each other down. He angrily stormed out of the cafeteria, leaving Driana confused.Â +

Driana sauntered to her last period early. She was hoping to question a certain beauty to clear her mind. It shouldn't have bothered the girl, but the stare-down at the cafeteria had her assume she made an enemy. She spotted Rosalie sitting at her desk, reading a medical textbook. Driana approached her cautiously.+

"Rosalie?" +

Rosalie gracefully looked up, closing the textbook. "Yes?"+

"Call me insane," Driana sighed, "but I think one of your brothers hates me."+

Rosalie furrowed her brows. "May I ask which brother?"+

"Your twin brother."+

Rosalie stifled a laugh. "I'm sure he doesn't hate you."+

"Are you sure?" Driana asked in disbelief. "When we made eye contact, he looked like a bear about to chase down its prey."+

"He probably wasn't staring at you," Rosalie reasoned. "It could be someone else."+

"Alright," Driana said, defeated. She stared behind her to look at the board. They were taking notes today. "Crap."+

"What's wrong?" Rosalie asked. +

Driana shook her head. "I forgot my glasses."+

"Have you always worn them?" Rosalie inquired.+

"Not until middle school," Driana informed her. "Only when I can't see, I put them on."+

"Interesting," Rosalie commented. "I've never done this before in my life," She said, handing her notebook to Driana. "I've already written what's on the board. Go ahead and copy my notes."+

"Why, Ms. Hale," Driana smirked. "You never fail to surprise me."+

Rosalie playfully rolled her eyes. "Go on. Class is starting soon."+

Driana sat down on her shared desk and scanned over the notes. Her heart stopped. She knew Rosalie was beautiful, but she didn't expect the penmanship. Rosalie's handwriting didn't look like anything from today. Shaking her head, Driana finished copying Rosalie's notes.+

"Thank you," She told Rosalie, handing her book back. Driana wanted to comment on her writing but held her tongue.+

"You're welcome," Rosalie smiled at her.+

The last period ended quickly, as usual. Driana headed out the door, longing to go home. A girl with brown hair bumped into Driana. The girl's eyes widened as she apologized profusely. Driana shook her head, calming the girl down. +

"Bella Swan, right? It's fine."+

Bella shook her head. "I'm a klutz. I'm sorry."+

"Girl," Driana waved her hand dismissingly, "accidents happen. I'm Driana Colrir." She noticed Bella's eyes getting watery. "Hey, you good?"+

Bella blinked rapidly to rid her tears. "It's nothing."+

"When you thought your first day of school was going well, yet ended up being a bad day?" Driana guessed. +

Bella stared at her in awe. "Were you a new student?"+

Driana shook her head. "No," She smiled. "I met a new student before and helped him out. He ended up being okay. One bad moment shouldn't have to ruin everything."+

Bella lightly smiled. "Thanks, Driana." +

"I'll see you around!" Driana waved at the girl.+

Driana hurriedly walked the halls to catch up with Max, Alex, and Grace. They were already there by Max's locker. The girl rushed quickly, causing the three to take notice of her. Grace gave her a teasing look. +

"Did you get in trouble?" +

Driana rolled her eyes. "No, I didn't. I greeted the new girl, Bella Swan."+

Alex looked surprised. "No way. What happened?"+

Driana shrugged. "We bumped into each other, that's all."+

They headed out to the parking lot. Despite being a Monday, they had already begun talking about weekend plans. Alex suggested they get out of Forks and take a road trip. Max agreed with his idea, while Grace and Driana weren't sure their parents would allow it. +

"I could try and convince my parents," Grace said.+

"I'll have to ask my mom first," Driana announced. "I don't want her worrying."+

"Tell her that I'm going," Alex told her. "That always works."+

"When does it not?" Max joked. "Besides, you're responsible if anything happens to Dri."+

Driana laughed at Max's comment. Even though Driana was older, Alex had his share of being responsible. He was the brother that Driana never had. Even if the girl met Grace and Max first, Alex had always been Driana's favorite.+

"Leaving early in the morning should bring us back before night," Max recommended. +

"I can't wake up early," Grace whined. "Sleepover!"+

Driana tried focusing on their conversation again. However, her eyes began to wander the parking lot. She spotted the Cullens on the other side, huddled together in their quiet group. Her eyes landed on the familiar blond from the cafeteria. Sighing, she reminded Rosalie's words to herself. +

"Grace," Driana whispered to her. "Do you know the name of Rosalie Hale's twin brother? I forgot his name."+

"It's Jasper," Grace answered before continuing her conversation with the boys. +

"Jasper Hale," She quietly said, his name rolling off her tongue.+

Driana looked in their direction again, surprised. Jasper Hale had been staring at her, his brows furrowed and face mixed with emotion. The girl broke eye contact, embarrassed. She felt her heart skip a beat. As she looked up, he was being dragged away by a short girl. Driana frowned, remembering the rumor of the Cullens and Hales dating one another.+

"Thus spoke my prophetic soul, as, torn by remorse, horror, and despair, I beheld those I loved spend vain sorrow upon the graves of William and Justine, the first hapless victims to my unhallowed arts."+

"Thank you, Isaiah," Mr. Berty, Driana's English teacher, told the student. "That was the eighth chapter of Frankenstein. In your notebooks, write a summary of the chapter and your thoughts. After, turn in a sheet of paper of words you don't know and their definition."1

Driana hastily wrote an overview of the chapter. She didn't want to lose her train of thought. The summary took almost half of the page in her book. One conflicting matter was how Driana would write how she felt about the chapter. +

The girl thought of her father. She imagined herself and Ms. Berold as the Monster and her father as Victor Frankenstein. In this case, an abandoned family. Instead of raging and murdering others, they inflict pain on themselves. Ms. Berold had blamed herself that day, despite not being at fault. However, Driana, at the time, accused herself as the reason her father left. If one wanted a family, why disappear after having one?+

She shook her head, ignoring her idea as it was too dark. She wrote another thought and moved on with her assignment. Driana had less than six words she didn't understand. She scanned the chapter once more before handing it to Mr. Berty. Collecting the papers, he skimmed them and stacked them in a neat pile. +

"I'll take the unfamiliar words that often appear and print them out as a study guide. Tomorrow, I'll hand you the study guide for your test this Friday. Those who score above 89% will receive five points on their end-of-the-month exam."+

Some students cheered while others groaned. Driana didn't care. English was her favorite, and she got decent grades in the subject. Even Ms. Berold didn't worry about the girl as long as she had passing grades. 4

"Alright, class!" Mr. Berty called them. "Settle down! Let me give a checkmark on your books as an exit ticket. Alphabetical order, let's go."+

Driana sighed, packing her things before lining up with the rest of the students. Mr. Berty verified each student completed the assignment before giving a checkmark on their notes. He took Driana's notebook, reading her written thought.+

"Unfairness?" Mr. Berty guessed. "Interesting," He commented. +

Driana faked a smile before retrieving her book. She knew what he had implied. After all, Forks was a small area. The bell rang, and she quickly left. She hoped that the weekend would come quicker. It didn't help that it was only Driana's second period. +

The hall filled with students getting to their classes or hanging out with friends. Driana's shortcut to her class became too crowded for her liking. Sighing, she turned around and took the other way. Walking to the other hall, she regretted it. +

A few of the Cullen siblings lingered around the lockers. The brooding sibling with the bronze hair was missing. That was the first time they were incomplete. Rosalie Hale and Emmett Cullen were snuggling up against one another. The shorter girl stood by Jasper Hale's side. She had her hand on his shoulder as if he'd run away.+

Driana walked without hesitation. She assumed that Jasper Hale hadn't noticed her. That was the only reason she didn't want to enter this hall. Regardless of what Rosalie had told her, she still felt uneasy about him. +

"Hey, Driana!" Emmett called her. +

Driana paused, turning around and smiling with a wave. Emmett beckoned her over. The girl sighed, ignoring the whispers they gave Emmett, and stood in front of them, keeping a distance. Rosalie and the short girl friendly smiled at Driana. Jasper furrowed his brows at her.+

"What's up?"+

"Eh." Emmett shrugged. "Nothing much."+

"How are you?" Rosalie asked. "I overheard you celebrated your birthday."+

Driana nodded her head, surprised that they knew. "Yes, I did. It was a small turning eighteen party."+

"Happy 18th!" The short girl cheered. "I'm Alice, by the way." She waved at Driana yet kept a hand on Jasper.+

"I'm Driana Colrir," She shyly said. "Although, I'm sure you knew that."+

Driana hesitantly stared at Jasper, waiting for an introduction. His eyes were black, and the girl felt him staring into her soul. Alice gave a quick stare at Rosalie. The blonde beauty bit her lip, intervening.+

"My twin brother, of course," Rosalie said. "Jasper."+

"It's a pleasure to meet you," Jasper struggled to speak. +

Driana nodded at him. She turned back to the rest of the adopted siblings. "I think there's one more person I haven't met."+

"Edward? He's skipping school for a while." Rosalie scoffed. "Who knows when he'll come back."+

"He has issues," Emmett told Driana. +

He snickered while Alice and Jasper tried to hide their smiles. Rosalie looked so done with the situation. The girl assumed it was an inside joke and nodded, understanding. The blonde beauty turned back to the girl.+

"Don't mind them," Rosalie told her.+

"Babe," Emmett rubbed Rosalie's shoulder. "It's a joke."+

Driana felt someone link arms with her. She looked up to see Alex raising a brow at her before smiling at the family. Jasper glared harder, which went unnoticed by Driana and Alex. The best friends had a silent conversation. Alex turned away, causing Driana to huff. +

"I'm sorry to intrude," Alex politely told them. "May I steal my best friend from you all? I gotta ask her something."+

Alice stared off into the distance, alarming Rosalie and Emmett. The short girl quickly glanced at Jasper before grinning at Alex. "Oh, yes."+

"I'll see you in class," Rosalie told her. +

Driana waved goodbye to the family before walking off with Alex. They stopped in front of her next class. Driana felt annoyed by the way the boy stared at her. +

"I was wondering why the students were staring at you," Alex teased. "I didn't know you were friends with the Cullens."+

"I'm acquainted with them," Driana rolled her eyes. "Well, except one of them," She muttered, remembering the way Jasper's eyes stared at her.Â +

Driana fiddled with her shell necklace. She was nervous. At least she didn't have to pick at her nails. The edge of her nails would grow slowly, causing her to think her nails no longer wanted to grow. However, they were perfectly long, for now. If it weren't for Jasper Hale's sudden appearance in the classroom, along with his classmates, her nails would live to see another day.+

"Class!" Mr. Ark called. "Our fellow World and U.S. History teacher, Mrs. Harjo, has been called for jury duty. However, both classes will work with partners for this planned activity."+

The girl felt her stomach drop. She could already feel Jasper Hale's eyes on her. Or maybe, she was imagining. Driana pretended to look around the room. She quickly glanced at Jasper before turning her attention back to Mr. Ark. Cursing internally, she was right. Jasper's dark eyes had been staring. What was it about him that caused her to act this way?+

"Time to partner up!" Mr. Ark clapped his hands. "Choose someone that is not from your class."+

Students shuffled around, awkwardly asking each other to be partners. Some students had no trouble, as a few were friends. Driana stayed put in her seat, waiting for someone to ask her. +

Rosalie leaned on the edge of her seat, gracefully holding her hand up. "Mr. Ark, may I work with my brother?"+

Mr. Ark shook his head. "Unfortunately, I cannot pair you two together."+

Rosalie inaudibly snarled, despising the rejection and worried for Jasper. He and Rosalie stared at the other's stoic-like faces. However, he saw the concern in her eyes while she saw his panicked eyes. +

"How about you partner up with Ashley?" Mr. Ark told Rosalie. +

The blonde beauty stared hard at Jasper as a warning and reluctantly got up from her seat, plopping herself onto a chair next to Ashley. Mr. Ark, satisfied, turned to Jasper and gestured the stiff boy over. +

"Mr. Hale, you'll be partnered with Driana," He told the boy, patting him on the shoulder before walking away. Mr. Ark began placing cards on the shared desks.+

Driana tensed, lightly breathing. She gave a small smile at Jasper before staring ahead. Jasper quietly sat down, moving the chair to keep a distance. He, too, stared ahead. Rosalie mentally facepalmed at the sight of them. +

"From what we learned last week," Mr. Ark told the class. "I hope you guys still remember. We'll be playing a speed game of cards." Mr. Ark held up a different set of cards and gave them individually to each partner. "As you flip the card on your desk, you'll see a description of an event. The cards in your hands are the names of the events. Match the cards to the correct event. It'll be you versus your partner."+

"What's the prize?" A student shouted. +

"Whatever majority votes on." Mr. Ark shrugged. "Alright, face your partners."+

Driana boldly shifted her chair, facing Jasper. The boy tensed as if he weren't breathing and did the same.+

"You may begin."+

"I'll count down from three," Driana told Jasper, who nodded in response. "3, 2, 1." +

Driana flipped the card on the desk over. She recognized the description and hurriedly scanned her cards before slamming the event's name on the desk. Jasper slowly picked up his card and placed it away from the pile. The girl smirked at him.+

"Interesting," She said playfully.+

Jasper raised a brow at her. "What is?"+

"I assume you were slow on purpose." +

"Ladies first, of course," Jasper told her. +

"Or." Driana hummed. "Maybe you knew you were going to lose."+

Jasper shot a quick stare at her. "Are you asking for a challenge?"+

Driana shrugged. "Can you handle it?" She teased.+

Jasper smirked at her, causing the girl's heart to flutter slightly. "I'll warn ya," He said with a slight Texan accent. "You'll regret it."+

"You're on," Driana said confidently.+

"3, 2, 1!"+

They challenged each other for the remainder of the hour. Driana's competitiveness surprised Jasper. He didn't expect the girl to beat him a few times. However, it didn't stop Jasper from using his knowledge to defeat the girl in the game. +

"You're good," Driana commented.+

"You surprise me as well, ma'am," Jasper smiled, the Texan accent slipping out. 2

Driana smiled back, yet her mind was conflicted. Did Rosalie have a Texan accent too? Or was Jasper fooling around? Shaking the thoughts away, she stared at the last card on the desk. The girl waved her last card around, egging the boy. +

"You ready?" +

Jasper gave an attractive grin. "3, 2, 1."+

Both hands shot out fast on the table. Jasper's temperature was ice cold, while Driana's skin was warm. The skin-to-skin contact made both pull their hands back as if there was an electric spark. Jasper stared hard at the table, clasping his hands together. Driana rubbed the hand that touched his, a tingling sensation left behind. +

"Jasper?" The girl called out to him. She leaned behind her to grab something. "Would you like my jacket?"+

The boy raised a brow. "Why?" +

She shrugged. "You're cold, aren't you?"+

Relief left Jasper's body as he covered his mouth, laughing. "I'm fine."+

The bell rang, and the girl waved goodbye to the Hale siblings before leaving class. Jasper waited for Rosalie by the door. The pair walked to the parking lot, where their siblings were waiting. +

"How's Driana?" Emmett teased. +

Jasper stole a glance at the girl. She locked eyes with him before pulling away. The boy foolishly grinned, shaking his head.+

"She's interesting."+

"Oof!" +

Driana staggered back. She moved away her long black hair to see she collided with Bella Swan's shopping cart. Bella apologized, awkwardly setting the cart aside. Driana laughed at the brown-haired girl. 1

"I assume this is how we'll always meet," Driana joked. +

"I suppose so," Bella chuckled. +

"Still not done shopping?" Driana asked the girl. +

Bella shook her head. "Almost."+

Driana hummed. "If you'd like some company, mind if I join?"+

Bella pursed her lips before nodding. "That would be nice."+

The pair walked around the store, having a casual conversation. They asked each other questions, getting to know each other's lives. Driana had learned that Bella lived with her mother and stepfather in Phoenix, Arizona. Bella understood Driana's situation about growing up with one parent. They both had to grow up mature at a young age. +

"How does it feel being back home?" Driana asked, adjusting her shopping basket. +

Bella shrugged. "I feel more at home in Phoenix since that's where I spent my years. Forks? Too green and wet."+

Driana snickered. "Welcome to rainy central."+

Bella glanced down at the shorter girl. "Did you ever move out of Forks?"+

The girl shook her head. "No. Although, I fly out with my mom once every couple of years to see my siblings who left Forks. It's refreshing. Visiting warmer areas has me agreeing with you about the cold. I prefer the heat."+

Bella bit her lip. "What about your father?"+

"I haven't seen him since I was in fourth grade," Driana said. "I've had people who knew him come up to me and said they've seen him around."+

"But have you?"+

Driana sighed. "I sometimes think those people saw a ghost. Forks is a small area, so I'm bound to see him, yet I haven't. Not even his old co-workers at the lumberyard had seen him."+

"Kind of spooky," Bella commented. +

Driana nodded her head. "Indeed. I'm okay with it, though. I learned to move on, and whatever happens, happens."+

Bella and Driana headed to the cashier and paid for their groceries. They carried their bags in hand and lingered outside the store doors. Bella parked her truck across from Driana's shared RAV4. +

"I'll see you around, Bella," Driana told her. +

Bella waved with a plastic bag in her hand. "See you."+

Driana walked briskly to her car. She opened the driver's side, placing the bags in the passenger seat. Warming up the vehicle, Driana glanced at the rearview mirror. Her heart skipped a beat. It was impossible. +

"Dad?" She whispered. +

The girl turned her body around fully, but he was gone. Driana turned back to her steering wheel, breathing unevenly. She wasn't sure if her father was alive or dead. Perhaps the people who have mentioned her father did see a ghost. 3

Driana took her time heading home, trying to forget what she saw. Carefully parking the car, she grabbed the bags and headed inside. Her mother was there, sitting on the couch and flipping through channels. She sprung up as soon as she saw Driana. +

"I'll cook tonight," Ms. Berold told her. "You get some rest."+

"Oh," Driana said, surprised. "I'll be in my room."+

The girl closed her bedroom door, flopping onto the bed. She received a message from Leah Clearwater, who asked to hang out soon. Driana agreed and told her when she'd be available. After replying, the girl fell into a deep sleep. +

A tapping on the window bothered her. It was Paul. The girl begrudgingly walked to the window and climbed outside. Driana crossed her arms, unimpressed. Paul chuckled, stretching out his arms to swing the girl around. She broke out into a smile, leaving Paul with a triumphant grin. With no warning, he carried her and ran into the forest. Driana couldn't scream or move. Her body froze as Paul ran endlessly. +

He led her into a clearing where the sun beamed down on them. Setting the girl down, Paul grabbed her hand. Driana felt confused, finding the place unfamiliar. Although, the girl had nothing to worry about since she was with Paul. The boy pulled Driana closer to him, and both fell into a slow dance. However, it didn't last long. Paul growled, stepping back and shifting into a wolf. Jasper Hale stood by the trees. Paul snarled at him, making Driana panic. +

"Jasper!" She tried to scream, her voice coming out as a whisper. "Run!" +

The blond glanced at her before fleeing in the opposite direction. The wolf began hunting Jasper. Driana felt helpless, running after them. The girl felt weak as her legs couldn't keep up. The sounds of growling and grunting worried her more. What's happening? What is it-+

"Driana?" Ms. Berold shook her daughter awake. +

"Mom?"+

Driana's eyes widened, and she shot up from her bed. Ms. Berold felt startled by her actions. "Baby, are you okay?"+

"I'm fine," Driana breathed out. "I had a weird dream, that's all."+

"Dinner's ready," Ms. Berold said. "Maybe that'll help."+

Driana nodded her head, following her mom into the kitchen. She couldn't shake off the dream in her mind. How could Paul carelessly transform into a wolf in front of a stranger? But that wasn't the question the girl wanted to know. Why had she dreamt of Jasper Hale?+

"Driana!" +

Driana turned around, confused, but smiled politely at the built, dark-haired boy. She adjusted her school bag and waited for him to catch up with her in the hallway. Students sent her curious glances, but she ignored them.+

"Emmett," She acknowledged.+

Behind him was Alice dancing her way toward them. Jasper and Rosalie weren't present. It was unusual as the Cullens and Hales would never be separated. Alice skidded to a halt and waved at the girl.+

"Hey, Alice," Driana greeted her. +

Emmett glanced at Alice before smiling at Driana. "Are you busy?"+

Driana shook her head. "No. Besides getting to class," She humored. +

"We invite you to sit with us at lunch," Alice told her. +

Driana's mouth gaped open. "Me?"+

Emmett laughed loudly. "Who else?"+

The girl began to fidget with her nails. "May I ask why?"+

"To know you better," Alice answered. +

Driana pursed her lips. "Sure, I don't mind."+

The Cullens, a family that keeps to themselves, inviting someone to join them? Driana felt unsure, but she never turned down a harmless offer. She'd have to tell her friends, though. The girl inwardly rolled her eyes at the thought of Grace being nosy. +

"It's settled!" Alice cheered. +

"Talk to you later." Emmett nodded at her. +

The siblings swiftly turned around and walked in the direction where they originally came. Driana spotted Rosalie and Jasper patiently waiting for them. Rosalie and Emmett wrapped their arms around each other's waists. Alice placed a hand on Jasper's shoulder and murmured words in his ear, causing him to stare at Driana. The girl felt her body tense. She spun on her heel and left the hallway. +

Driana entered Spanish before the bell rang. As soon as she sat down, the class went by quickly. Unfortunately, for Driana, so did Gym. The girl took her time dressing up, waiting for her classmates to leave the changing room so she could privately talk with Grace. +

"You alright?" Grace questioned. +

"Don't freak out," Driana pleaded, placing her hands together. "In case you three would wonder where I'll be, I'm sitting with the Cullens at lunch today."+

Grace covered her mouth, squealing. She took a deep breath before calming dawn. "Talk!"+

"I don't know what to say," Driana began. "I'm acquainted with them, that's all."+

"There has to be more than that!" Grace exclaimed, pushing the gym doors open. +

Driana shrugged. "That's it, trust me. I'm surprised as you are. Who am I to sit with them?"+

Grace smacked the short girl's shoulder. "You aren't a nobody, Dri. You know more people than me. Besides, gaining new friends isn't a bad idea."+

Driana silently agreed. It's only one day at the table with the Cullens. Sure, there'd be people staring at her, probably gossiping, but a one-time thing shouldn't hurt. Grace went off to inform Max and Alex of Driana's whereabouts. The girl nervously entered the cafeteria. What could go wrong?+

Driana neared the table, the group having a private conversation. Rosalie looked upset while Emmett spoke to her.+

"It would look more impressive if you did it, gorgeous."+

Alice snapped her head up, noticing the girl approaching them.+

"You're here!" Alice cheered, offering her a seat. +

She tugged on the sleeve of Driana's jacket, making her sit down. Driana greeted them, then politely smiled at the bronze-haired brother's presence. He stared at her curiously before introducing himself. +

"I'm sorry we never crossed paths before," He kindly said. "I'm Edward."+

"I'm Driana." +

Giving a crooked smile, he turned away, intensely staring at a table in the cafeteria. Driana turned her attention back to the family. Rosalie was leaning between Emmett's arm and chest. Jasper sat across from the girl, stealing glances at her while looking out the window.+

"How's your day going?" Alice asked Driana. +

"Pretty slow, honestly," Driana answered. "Yours?"+

Alice shrugged. "Time doesn't bother me. I've gotten used to the world moving at a pace."+

Edward snorted, knowing what Alice had meant. Driana shrugged it off, assuming it was another inside joke of the family. She'll never know. +

"I'd like to know more about you," Alice told her. "If you don't mind, I mean."+

"Of course!" Driana fought the urge to pick at her nails. +

"What are your interests?"+

"Oh." Driana furrowed her brows, thinking hard. "Basic things. Art, music, writing, literature, and hiking."+

"Hiking?" Emmett repeated, surprised. "You like hiking?"+

The girl shyly nodded her head. "It's more of enjoying the forest. It doesn't matter the dangers that lurk around there. That's the beauty and mystery of nature."+

Rosalie lazily smiled. "Lover of literature indeed."+

"Ever seen a bear?" Emmett asked. 1

Driana shook her head. "Nah, but I want to, though. Bears are freaking cool."+

"We'll get along just fine," Emmett told her. "Maybe, if we go hiking, you can come along next time."2

Emmett ignored the quick glare from Jasper. Edward once again chuckled. Driana stared at them in surprise, wondering how many inside jokes this family had. +

"That'll be interesting," Driana said. +

Emmett wanted to push Jasper's buttons. Alice intervened, throwing a quick snowball at him. Driana didn't bother to question where Alice got the ice. The girl assumed she kept it in a thermos bottle. +

"You asked for it!" Emmett shook his head, the droplets of ice and water flying around. +

"Ew!" Rosalie complained, shielding herself with her hands.+

Driana did the same, yet giggled instead of protesting. Jasper faced the girl and smiled. Alice used her lunch tray to protect herself from Emmett's droplets. She looked between Jasper and the girl beside her, then smirked. +

"I enjoyed sitting with you guys, but I need to go," Driana suddenly spoke. "My class is on the other side of the school, and lunch is almost over."+

Jasper frowned. "Sit with us tomorrow, then."+

The blond froze, realizing what he's done. The family, even the seemingly off Edward, stared at him, then exchanged glances with one another. Driana could only chuckle at his offer. +

"Remind me," She told him. "See you later, guys!"+

She spun around and left. The family awaited Jasper's response. He pinched the bridge of his nose, eyes closed and frustrated with himself. Emmett boomed with laughter. +

"I don't know about you, Jazz," He spoke. "But you're turning into a less obsessive Edward."+

"My question is," Rosalie seethed. "Will we get to stay in Forks still? I won't enjoy moving somewhere else."+

"Yes, we're staying in Forks," Alice said.+

Edward sighed. "Driana's mind, it's complicated, with her thoughts going everywhere. However, I doubt she'll put us in danger. She's not nosy, nor does she open her mouth. Alice's little stunt with the snowball caught both Bella's and Driana's eyes. Bella, I have no luck with her thoughts. Driana? She brushes it off. The girl's safe to be around."+

Emmett snorted. "It's curious how her scent isn't bothersome either."+

Rosalie turned to Jasper. "Another question is, what will you do with the girl?"+

Jasper turned to the window, leaving his family answerless.Â +

"How was the lunch with the Cullens yesterday?" Alex teased, driving one-handed.+

Driana rolled her eyes. "I bet Grace made a big deal out of it."+

"She always does. Grace should be a reporter in the future." Alex snorted a laugh. "So?"+

"They were curious about me," The girl answered. "I think they wanted to be friends with me."+

"Oh no!" Alex fake gasped. "Am I losing my best friend?"+

Driana punched Alex's arm. "Never."+

"You can't punch the driver!" The boy argued. "It's an icy road today."+

"Whatever." The girl rolled her eyes. "If being with them becomes frequent, that doesn't change anything with Grace, Max, and you."+

"I hope not," Alex said, frowning. "I won't be able to handle being alone with them. Even thinking about their fights makes me sick."+

Alex parked the car a couple of lots down from the Cullens. It was only Alice and Edward. Alex and Driana greeted them before heading up the school steps. Before they entered through the doors, the sound of tires screeching and human screams caught their attention. +

"Oh my god, Alex!" Driana yelled, grabbing his arm. +

"Isn't that Bella's truck?" Alex questioned, concern in his eyes. +

The duo jogged down the steps. They quickly walked to the accident, where a crowd formed. Tyler Crowley's van had collided with Bella's truck. Edward Cullen and Bella were between both damaged vehicles. Tyler was still inside. EMTs and police cars, as well as Chief Swan, came.+

"I hope they're okay," Alex said. +

A memory of bright lights at night, a swerving vehicle younger Driana rode in, and flashing lights passed through the girl's eyes. The sight of the wreck made Driana revolt. She began to feel sick as thoughts whirled in her head. +

"Alex," Driana mumbled, tugging on the boy's shirt. "I need to head to the restroom."+

Alex softly stared at Driana, realization coming after. "Oh, let's go."+

Rushing back up the steps, Driana hadn't noticed the presence of Rosalie, Emmett, and Jasper. Jasper focused on the ill-looking girl and informed Rosalie and Emmett of her situation. They shot worrisome stares at her back before walking outside to see the accident. +

Alex led Driana to the girl's restroom and waited outside. The poor girl opened the stall door, leaning against it. Facing the ceiling, she breathed heavily. The girl took her time, inhaling and exhaling as she thought of the forest. She reopened her eyes, left the stall, and cooled down her cheeks with water from the sink.+

"Hey, you alright?" Alex questioned the girl as she left the restroom.+

"I'm all good," Driana said, smiling. +

"That's great to hear," Alex told her. +

They walked down the halls that filled with the chatter of the incident. +

"I hadn't expected it to come back to me," Driana confessed. "I guess I let my guard down."+

Alex shook his head. "You didn't. Unwanted memories come and go. That's something you couldn't control."+

"At least it wasn't realistic this time," Driana cheerfully said. +

The boy smiled at her. "Even better."+

Half the day went by quickly. Some students ditched school, using the accident and visiting the casualties as a reason. The halls were less crowded, much to Driana's liking. As Gym class ended, Grace walked closer to Driana inside the cafeteria. Alex hadn't gotten over his crush on Lauren Mallory, which caused the other three to be annoyed over sharing their time in the lunchroom.+

"Grace," Driana called. "I'm fine."+

"I'm making sure nothing happens," Grace defended. +

"I love how you care for me," Driana began, "but this is too much."+

Grace had her arms looped around with Driana's. "I don't see a problem."+

Max sat at the table with his head propped on his arm, looking bored. Alex kept his eyes on the Mallory girl, who loudly talked about Tyler Crowley. Grace rolled her eyes at the helpless boy, taking a seat. Driana glanced at the Cullen table, where they sat quietly, and turned her attention back to her group.+

"How much longer must we be here?" She asked Alex.+

"I think I'm getting over it," Alex said, still staring.+

Max sighed. "Last time you crushed hard on someone, we stayed at the cafeteria for a month and a half."+

"It wasn't so bad," Alex grumbled.+

"Max," Grace called. "Hold me back from slapping some sense into this boy."+

Max jumped from his seat, holding a fuming Grace down. Driana covered her mouth, laughing at how Grace's anger changed toward Alex. A cough interrupted Grace's rage, and they looked behind Driana. The confused girl turned around, her brown eyes widening. +

"Hello," Jasper greeted them. He tilted his head to the group. "May Driana sit at my family's table today?"+

Grace smirked, not giving Driana a chance to answer. "Of course!" She lightly shoved the girl forward. "Take her."+

Jasper smiled charmingly. "I'll return her safely."+

"Keep her if you need to," Max called out to the pair, snickering.3

Driana shyly followed Jasper back to the table. Rosalie had a sour expression, but it changed as she saw the girl. Emmett nodded at her, feeling relieved that Rosalie was no longer in a bad mood. Alice sweetly smiled at Driana. +

"How's everyone?" +

"We're okay," Alice answered. "You?"+

"Great," Driana replied. "Not for those involved in the accident, though."+

Rosalie's mood changed again. "Stupid Edward," The blonde beauty angrily slipped out.+

Driana furrowed her brows in confusion, staring at the family. Rosalie mentally facepalmed, registering her mistake. +

Rosalie forced out a laugh. "I mean, it was stupid how careless he was." +

"I'd be upset as well if someone I cared about got hurt," Driana agreed.+

"You didn't look alright this morning," Emmett mentioned, causing the girl to freeze. "Were you involved in the collision?"+

Driana shook her head. "Not at all. I felt uncomfortable when I saw the wreck. It reminded me of an almost near-death experience when I was younger. However, here I am breathing."+

"Which we're thankful for," Jasper spoke. "We wouldn't have met you."+

Driana stared at him in awe. "Thanks," She shyly told him. +

Alice tugged on Jasper's sleeve, making him pull his chair closer to her. She whispered something into his ear, and they had a quiet conversation. Driana felt a feeling forming but disregarded it. She thought what she felt was ridiculous. +

"Dri!" +

Driana turned her head to the sound of her name. Max confidently walked over to the table, staying a few feet away. The boy carried both Driana's and his bag on his shoulder. Jasper felt a bubble about to pop in his chest. He lightly glared at Max, who nervously slicked his hair back. +

"I need your help," Max informed her. "Grace is about to rip Alex's head off."+

Driana chuckled, grabbing her bag and slinging it onto her shoulder. "I'm sorry, folks. My friends can't live without me."+

Alice kept a tight grip on Jasper's arm. "Of course. We'll see you around!"+

"You need to relax," Alice hissed at the blond once Max and Driana left. "I saw what you were about to do."+

Rosalie groaned in annoyance. "For the love of god, I don't need anyone else ruining my day! Edward's already a complete imbecile!"+

Emmett rubbed Rosalie's backside. "Jasper won't do any harm. Right, Jazz?"+

"I'll say it once and never again." Jasper half-heartedly shrugged. "I'm scared."1

"Bella!" Driana called out to the younger girl. "Safe and sound, I see."+

Bella chuckled, looking down as she readjusted her school bag. "I guess life has other plans for me."+

"I'm happy you've made it out okay," Driana said. "That Tyler kid never should've passed his driver's test."+

"He's been plaguing me with apologies," Bella added. "I've been trying to avoid him as he doesn't understand that I've forgiven him."+

"Don't worry, I'll warn you when he's coming," Driana joked.+

"Please, do," Bella half-hopelessly said. +

The pair slowly walked down the halls filled with students. It was after school. Edward Cullen briskly passed them. He nodded at Driana as a greeting. The girl stared between Bella's solemn face and Edward's backside as he walked away.+

"I expected you two would bond over the accident," Driana cautiously spoke.+

Bella sighed. "I have no answer." The younger girl suddenly perked her head up. "Were you aware that Edward was with me before the accident?"+

Driana shook her head. "I came to school before you did. Edward was with Alice opposite where you parked."+

"Huh," Bella muttered, furrowing her brows. +

"If ever," Driana struggled to say, "you need someone to talk to, I'm here."+

Bella, stunned, broke out into a smile. "Guess we have to look out for each other."+

Driana smirked. "I share your pain, Bella."+

Grace, Max, and Alex came into view. They casually talked by the lockers. Bella and Driana stopped walking, having one last conversation with each other. Before Bella could say goodbye, Driana gestured for her to come along.+

"Are you sure?" Bella hesitantly asked. +

"Yes," Driana said. The girl turned to her friends, who were surprised at the presence of the younger girl. "Guys, Bella Swan."+

Alex nodded at her. "If you don't remember, I'm Alex."+

"Right," Bella spoke. "Spanish class."+

Grace waved at her. "I'm Grace, and this is Maxwell." Max glared at Grace, who was aware he disliked his full name. He turned to Bella. "I prefer Max."+

"I know how that feels," Bella humored. +

"You should hang out with us sometimes," Max offered. "We aren't the type to be surrounded by too many people."+

"Sounds perfect," Bella happily agreed. "The attention's been too much for me if I had to be honest."+

"Unfortunately, we've been at the cafeteria." Grace sighed. "Someone over here is interested in one of the people who sit at your table."+

Alex pouted. "You just met her and have begun exposing."+

Bella gave a genuine laugh. The sound of her laughter made Driana feel that Bella had pressured herself to keep others content except her own. The girl caught herself imagining and redirected her focus to the group.+

"I gotta head home now," Bella announced.+

"Come to us when you're free!" Grace called after her. +

The group headed out of the school, lingering around the parking lot. Some students left while others stayed behind as they did. Driana's eyes wandered to the parking space where the Cullens and Hales were. They waited for one person, Jasper. He strutted down the steps, glanced at Driana, immediately got in the family's car, then they exited the lot.+

Max bumped shoulders with her and silently spoke. "Staring again."+

"Shut up," Driana grumbled. "Don't speak too loud, or Grace and Alex will be on my ass."+

Max quietly laughed. Driana stared up at him. "How long have you known?"+

"Are you serious?" Max gave her a look. "Your neck turns in different directions when you're curious about something."+

"Oh, right," She sheepishly said. "Please, don't tell them about my new infatuation."+

Max smirked. "Since when do I spill secrets? Besides, I'm surprised they haven't noticed." His face turned serious. "Just don't get hurt. You numbed yourself after Paul."+

She frowned at his words. However, he wasn't wrong. The first week Driana and Paul broke up, the girl showed no emotions. It was difficult for others to tell if she was moving on or dying on the inside. Ms. Berold wanted but couldn't comfort her daughter from working overtime. Driana even opted out of spending time with her friends when she thought her behavior would dampen their moods.+

Max stared at her expression with guilt. "Sorry."+

"It's fine, Maxy," The girl reassured. "I'm treading lightly."+

"If that Hale boy rejects your friendship, let me know."+

Driana choked. "What makes you think it's him?"+

Max rolled his eyes and smiled. "You never blinked when you stared at him. Although, I have to ask, why him?"+

Driana shrugged. "Honestly, I don't know. He looks like someone who needs a friend. He's always quiet. I hope Alice doesn't mind, though. She is his girlfriend, after all."+

"What?" Max screeched. "They're not even dating, Dri. The only Cullen and Hale pairings are Emmett and Rosalie."+

As the words left Max's mouth, Driana felt relief in her heart. The girl smiled to herself on the way home, scaring Alex, who constantly asked if she needed the hospital.+

"Girl's choice is coming," Grace sang.+

"And?" Driana responded, bored.+

"Who are you going with?" Grace wiggled her brows. +

Driana sighed. "No one."+

"Oh, come on!" +

"We can go with Max and Alex," Driana suggested. +

Grace made a face of disgust. Driana rolled her eyes at the girl. "I can go with Max, and you can go with Alex."+

"I'm pretty sure Alex is hoping that chick Lauren will ask him," Grace said. +

"Today?" Driana furrowed her brows. +

Grace shrugged in response. "Anyway, we should explore our options."+

Driana snorted a laugh. "And who are you gonna ask?"+

"A boy from Gym." Grace began to blush. +

"Our year or one of the juniors?" +

"A junior," Grace answered. "His name's Jason."+

"Oh, him? The one who got a ball to the face." Driana snickered at the memory.+

Grace smacked her arm. "It's not funny! Well, it is, but still. The poor boy had blood rushing down his nose that day."+

"When are you gonna ask him?" Driana inquired. +

"Hmm," Grace said in thought. "I don't know."+

Alex stalked toward the girls. His expression was grim, tears threatening to fall. He shoved items in his locker and slammed it shut. People jumped at the sound, staring in his direction before looking away. +

"Woah, there." Driana leaned off her locker and stared at him worryingly. +

"What's going on?" Grace questioned.+

"I'm fine," Alex grumbled. His hands turned into fists, knuckles becoming white.+

Grace held his hands, trying to calm him down. "Tell us."+

"Alex," Driana said with authority. +

Alex sighed, loosening his body and allowing Grace to comfort him. "I no longer have a crush on Lauren. That stupid girl caused a scene when I tried to give her a note. I'm so embarrassed. People were giving me looks, and I couldn't tell if they were out of pity or if they saw me as a clown. I saw some laughing, and I stormed out of the lunchroom."+

Alex didn't need to continue, for Driana had already stormed to the cafeteria. Grace and Alex struggled to keep up with the girl. Driana, without a second thought, roughly opened the doors. Grace and Alex were behind the girl, calling her name, and words to come back sounded faint.1

Driana ignored their pleas. She stalked the lunchroom, eyes scanning for Lauren Mallory. She found the girl laughing with Tyler Crowley at the end of the table, opposite where Bella and her friends were sitting. +

"I'm going to hurt you," Driana muttered.+

She walked with rage but felt a weird emotion of being calmed down. The girl fought the feeling. It was absurd. Why would she suddenly feel at peace after her best friend had his feelings rejected? Rage began to fill her body once more but less.+

"You, Mallory," Driana spat with venom in her voice.+

Lauren stared at her, her face clouding with fear. "What do you want?"+

"If you ever make fun of my best friend," Driana said, glowering at her. "The hospital has another bed waiting for you, a courtesy from me."+

"Hey, you can't talk to her like that," Tyler defended, shielding Lauren. +

"At least I didn't almost kill someone," Driana seethed, causing Tyler to sit down. "Now, keep your mouth shut."+

Lauren scoffed at the girl. "And what are you gonna do?"+

The tone set Driana off, and she pulled up the sleeve from her jacket. Lauren covered her face. Driana balled up her hand into a fist, swinging quickly but never making an impact. Jasper Hale had his hand tightly around the girl's arm. She tried shrugging him off but failed. +

"Consider yourself lucky, bitch," Driana growled. +

"Sit with us," Jasper whispered to her.+

Driana complied, her mood becoming sour. She tried to smile at the family, but they knew it was out of force. Emmett broke the tension by snickering. Rosalie slapped his arm, making Emmett form a face of innocence.+

"Jasper," Edward called to his adoptive brother. "Perhaps, you should've let Driana swing at her."1

"Yeah, Jazz," Emmett chimed in. "It would've been an interesting fight."+

Driana felt herself smiling at the encouragement from the Cullen brothers. However, Jasper gave them a look of disapproval. Rosalie silently agreed with Jasper's opinion.+

"We don't want her getting hurt, do we?" Jasper asked.+

Driana felt her heart flutter at how Jasper thought of her safety. "It's my final year, Jasper. Something needs to happen once in my high school life."+

"Is Lauren Mallory an enemy?" Alice asked. +

"I never liked the girl," Driana said honestly. She turned to glare at Mallory. "But when it comes to hurting someone I care about, my hands will be faster than an apology."+

Edward and Emmett laughed at Driana. Rosalie, once again, smacked Emmett's arm, objecting to his views of the girl fighting. Alice smiled, an old vision passing through her head. Edward caught a glimpse of her mind and struggled to contain his laughter. She saw Driana knocking the wind out of Lauren while Emmett and Edward cheered her on. 3

"Enough," Jasper ordered. +

"It is funny," Alice reasoned.1

"I'm better now," Driana told Jasper. She stared at his hand that still gripped her arm. "May I be free?"1

"Oh, sorry."+

Jasper lowered his arm, accidentally brushing his hand with the girl's skin. The same spark from the first skin-to-skin contact jolted up their arms. Driana's thoughts jumbled up in her mind. Jasper's mind was clear, making Edward stifle a laugh. 2

Shut up, Eddy boy, Jasper said in his mind.+

It was Friday. Ms. Berold got called in to work, and Driana took this as an opportunity to get dropped at the Quileute Reservation. The girl brought along her school bag. She organized extra clothes, hygiene items, and snacks.+

Driana knocked on the door of a dirty-white colored house with barred windows. A worn-out fishing boat hid underneath a blue tarp leaned on the side of the house. There were muddy tire tracks that led from the house to the road. With no vehicle in sight, the girl pondered if anyone was home. +

The door opened, revealing a smiling boy a couple of years younger than her. He was tall and thin. His facial features hadn't changed since his elementary years. The boy shared the same eyes as his older sister, Leah Clearwater. +

"Dri!" He cried, hugging the short girl.+

"Hey, Seth," Driana greeted. She pulled away, getting on her tippy-toes, and Seth bent down to make it easier for her to ruffle his hair. "I haven't seen you in a month, yet you've grown."+

Seth leaned against the doorframe, smirking. "You can't bully me anymore. I'm taller now."+

Driana rolled her eyes as Seth ushered her inside. "Yeah, whatever."+

The interior had Leah and Seth's father's, Harry, fishing gear upon one wall. The tribe's artwork covered the hallway walls. The fainted lime green couch faced the television screen with a small coffee table beside it. It was a three-bedroom house with one bathroom.+

"I almost forgot," Driana spoke. She opened her bag and handed him Cheetos. +

Seth ruffled the girl's hair. "Don't tell Leah, though. She says I've been snacking too much."+

Driana laughed. "Knock yourself out, Seth."+

The girl left Seth to his enjoyment. She cautiously knocked on the door before walking inside a room. +

"How've you been, Leah?" +

Leah had been under her blanket. She stared at her phone, hoping for someone to text her. "Same, as always."+

Driana sighed, sitting on the chair beside Leah's bed. "No response yet?"+

Leah shook her head. "Just like every day, even though he said he'll talk to me."+

At the news, Driana frowned. Sam Uley did chicken out. "Want me to bother Sam for you?"+

"Please, no," Leah begged. "If he means it, he'll do it."+

"Oh, Leah," Driana cooed. +

"How are you able to pull yourself together?" Leah questioned. "Honestly, I had thought you and Paul would marry first than Sam and me."+

Driana sadly smiled. "If I had to be honest, Paul and I would fall back into each other's arms once in a while. Some part of me knew this wasn't healthy. I ignored my heart and used my head, cutting him off. I haven't spoken to him since last month."+

"Oh," Leah said, knitting her brows together. +

"I'm not saying to do what I'm doing," Driana told her. "But I advise you to choose what's best for you."+

"I'll take your advice." Leah chuckled. She noticed Driana's necklace. "Pretty, where'd you get it?"+

"Oh, uhm," Driana hesitated. "Jared Cameron."+

Leah abruptly sat up from her bed. "Are you dating Jared?"+

"What, no! It's a birthday present," Driana explained frantically. +

"Right," Leah gasped. Getting up, she opened her room drawer and casually tossed a box at Driana. "I was too caught in my feelings that I forgot to hand this over."+

Driana opened the box, revealing her initials carved onto a wooden bangle bracelet. "Leah, this is pretty!"+

"As it should be," Leah humored.+

The sound of the front door opening had them both leaving the room.+

"We're home!" Sue, her mother, yelled. +

"Aunt Sue!" Driana cheered. +

"How are you, darling?" Sue asked the girl, giving a squeeze on her arm. +

"Great as I can be," Driana answered. +

When Driana was in middle school, Sue babysat the girl every after school. Driana's visits to the reservation made her form friendships with Leah and Seth. Through Leah, she met Sam and Paul. +

"Mind if I sleep over just like the old days?" Driana asked. +

Harry Clearwater came in the door with his fishing gear. "You're always welcome here," He told Driana. "You wouldn't wanna miss my fish fry for dinner."+

"I'm gonna take Driana out the back," Leah told her parents. +

"Be careful!" Harry called out to them.+

With mud on their shoes, they trekked around the forest. Seth held a grudge against Leah for not being allowed to follow them. Leah sat on top of a log while Driana chose to stand up. +

"Do you miss Paul?" Leah asked after a moment of silence.+

"Once in a while, I catch myself longing for him. If I could turn back time, maybe things would've never changed between us. However, the pain and memories become unbearable, which motivates me to stay away from Paul."+

Driana sadly smiled at the memories but pushed them away. She stared past Leah, her smile faltering. There, far away, was Paul in his wolf form. His eyes held a sad look as his ears flattened down. He walked away, leaving Driana cursing at herself for making him hear her words.Â +

On a school day, Driana and her friends lingered around Grace's locker in the morning. Students had begun filling up the halls. Grace and Alex informed Max of Driana's actions last week. They mentioned Jasper Hale taking her away, causing Max to give a knowing look at the girl.+

"He's like your knight in shining armor," Alex commented. +

"Maybe this princess will get a new prince," Grace teased.+

Driana rolled her eyes. "Come on, guys, I got over Paul."+

Max crossed his arms. "And?"+

"Well," Driana paused. "I have nothing."+

"Hey, man," Alex acknowledged someone behind Driana. +

The girl turned around, her brown eyes meeting golden-brown colored eyes. Wait, weren't they a darker shade when they first met?+

"Hello," Jasper Hale greeted. +

"What brings you here?" Driana asked, smiling. +

"I came here for you, actually," Jasper said confidently. +

"Me?" Driana gave a confused expression. She ignored the obvious faces her friends were making behind her back. "Why?"+

"I don't feel forced to be your friend," Jasper confessed. "Instead, I wanna become closer to you."+

Driana's mouth gaped open. "That sounds nice."+

"Would it be alright if I walked you to your classes to understand you better?" Jasper looked at her friends. "Unless you guys mind."+

"We're fine with that," Max told him. Grace and Alex made sounds of agreement. +

"If you don't want to, I can understand," Jasper told Driana. +

Driana shook her head. "We can start now."+

"Really?" He asked, surprised. +

"Yeah. We can walk around before class starts."+

Jasper charmingly smiled at her. "Lead the way, ma'am."+

"I'll catch up with you guys later," Driana waved to her friends. +

Jasper and Driana walked side by side, keeping a small distance between their bodies. Their conversations drowned out the noise from the students in the halls. The pair never noticed the stares from them either. Time felt slow as both began to warm up to one another. +

"Can I be honest?" +

Jasper nodded his head. "Go on."+

"I thought you had problems with me when I first saw you at the cafeteria," Driana recalled. "Rosalie assured me there was nothing you held against me. I had my doubts when we crossed paths again. Although, your eyes are nothing compared to how we met."+

"Eyes?" Jasper cautiously repeated.+

"I guess it's my kind of theory." Driana shrugged. "Your dark eyes, which they were back then, were a negative memory. After getting relief from knowing you better, your eyes lightened up. In simpler terms, dark is evil, and light is good."+

"So, you thought I was some kind of evil interpretation, but now you see me as good?" Jasper questioned.+

Driana nodded her head. "Pretty much. Although, you did dislike me before, correct?"+

Jasper looked down, unsure how to explain. "Alice wanted to befriend you the moment you entered the cafeteria. However, change isn't something I can handle quickly. For a long time, the company of my family was all I've ever known. I was used to how things were, and the thought of something new happening made me angry. My first reactions to you have been unfair, and I apologize for that. Now, I'm happier just talking with you."+

"Wow," Driana breathed out. "Once again, you left me speechless."+

Jasper chuckled. "I'm glad I do." He stared at her, his golden-brown eyes becoming a different shade.+

Driana smiled at him and faced forward. She didn't want Jasper to see her confused expression. Why had his eyes changed color again? Was it the lighting? It couldn't be. The girl always stared into someone's eyes when they talked. The Cullens and Hales shared the same eye color. Maybe she would have to test her theory during lunch. She began to wonder out of curiosity if their similar skin color would match Jasper's temperature. Of course, it would be ridiculous, yet no person's body heat could be the same twice at different times. +

"There's Alice," Jasper muttered, unamused. "My time with you has been cut short."+

Driana perked her head up and waved at the cheerful girl. "Good morning, Alice."+

"A good morning, indeed," Alice replied, then smirked at Jasper.+

"Am I needed for something?" Jasper asked.+

Alice frowned. "Unfortunately, yes. Edward needs to speak with you."+

"Can't he wait?" Jasper complained. "I can't leave Driana and go."+

"No worries!" Driana protested. "Besides, you're walking me to my classes, remember?"+

Jasper smiled at the thought and sighed. "Alright, then."+

"The rest of us will see you at lunch!" Alice waved to the girl, tugging Jasper away. +

Driana's smile faltered as they left. One thing cleared the girl's mind. Alice's eyes resembled Jasper's golden-brown color.+

After every class, Jasper would patiently wait outside the door. The girl would feel shy at the new gesture. However, she wanted to know more about him. They'd talk for as long as they could without any pauses in their conversations. Then, Jasper would drop her to class and head off to his own.+

"How's the Jasper Express?" Grace teased.+

Coach Mitchell had the students pair up for weight training. She allowed the students to choose their partners, granted they didn't slack off. Driana was spotting Grace, who was currently bench pressing.+

"Ha ha," Driana said, unamused.+

Grace grunted, pushing her arms up. "Has he asked you out yet?"+

Driana scoffed. "And why would he do that?"+

"You honestly think someone who talks to you after a year doesn't want anything?" Grace raised a brow at her.+

The girl shrugged. "We never noticed each other."+

"Exactly my point," Grace pressed. "A guy just doesn't bother you for nothing. That boy's in my English class. I've never seen him smile until after he met you."+

"Really?" Driana asked, surprised.+

"I wouldn't lie about that," Grace said.+

Driana thought about it. Jasper said Alice initially wanted to be friends with her first. Instead, Driana had spent most of her time with the boy. The thought made the girl's heart flutter. Did he want something?+

"I think he wants to be friends," Driana disagreed.+

"You gotta be kidding me!" Grace exclaimed.+

"What? I think it's true," Driana defended. "His family would've dropped hints, at least."+

"Unless he told them not to say anything," Grace countered.+

Coach Mitchell blew her whistle, signaling the end of class. Driana and Grace changed inside the locker room before waiting outside the gym doors. Driana looked around, searching for a particular blond in sight.+

Grace chuckled. "How can you be blind toward yourself?"+

"What do you mean?" Driana pouted.+

Before Grace could answer, Jasper came into view. He smiled as he came closer and greeted the pair. "I'm sorry if I arrived late. Mr. Kang held back the class."+

Grace smirked, slinging an arm around her short friend. "That's alright, Jasper. Driana will always be content to see you."+

Driana pinched Grace's side and scowled. Jasper smirked at her. "Oh?"+

"In fact," Grace placed Driana forward, "she's dying to head to lunch. I need to find Max and Alex. Bye!"+

Driana helplessly watched Grace, who wiggled her brows at the girl, leave. She turned to face Jasper, his smirk never leaving his face. Her fingers began to pick at her nails as she grew embarrassed. Jasper chuckled at the girl, gesturing for Driana to walk with him.+

"I can't believe her," Driana muttered.+

"I've suffered with Emmett finding ways to joke around someone's misfortune," Jasper told her, causing Driana to laugh. "I've been there."+

Jasper held the door open, allowing Driana to go in first. They walked side by side, neither standing behind nor in front of the other. Driana looked over to a shocked Bella Swan, who discreetly gave her a thumbs-up. She mouthed a 'thank you' before sitting at the Cullen table.+

"Jazz," Emmett teased. "I'm sure Driana is capable of being by herself."+

"Perhaps you should assist me in walking next time," Edward continued.1

Driana giggled while Jasper glared at his brothers. Rosalie hid her laughter under a smirk as she stared at her perfect nails. Alice gracefully walked to the table and placed down her tray of food. Her can of pop suddenly rolled off the surface. Before it hit the ground, Driana and Alice both caught it. Alice froze as her ice-cold skin directly touched Driana's warm hand.+

I knew but didn't know when it was coming, Alice thought.+

The family tensed at the sight of the skin contact. Unbeknownst to the family's stares, Driana placed the can of pop back onto the table. She stared at Alice, who nervously smiled and thanked the girl. Driana took note of her temperature and quickly shrugged it off.+

"No worries, Alice." Driana began to laugh. "At least it didn't explode."+

Emmett chuckled at Driana's response. The girl turned to smile at the built boy, glancing into his golden-brown eyes before turning back to Alice.+

"It'd be a waste of soda," Alice sighed.+

"I'd be happy to grab another for you if it did happen," Driana offered.+

"She isn't wrong, considering the school allows one tray per person," Edward spoke. "I notice you don't eat lunch."+

"What can I say?" Driana shrugged innocently. She stared into Edward's golden-brown eyes without a thought. "I'm not like the other humans who constantly enjoy eating at regular times."+

"Noted," Edward said, smiling at her before eyeing a specific table.+

Driana followed to where Edward kept his focus. Bella Swan felt eyes on her, making contact with Edward before shifting them to Driana. The Swan girl creased her forehead in confusion, to which Driana shrugged in response. Edward noticed the interaction and leaned toward Driana in interest. +

"Are you close with Bella Swan?" He asked. +

"I've talked to her sometimes," Driana answered. She stared at him, wearing a teasing smirk. "I have her number. Do you want it?"+

Alice, Jasper, and Emmett laughed loudly at Driana's response. Rosalie scoffed, making Driana stare at her curiously.+

"Honestly, Edward's better off without it," She told the girl, rolling her golden-brown eyes.Â +

Rosalie accompanied Jasper and Driana since she shared a class with the girl. The blonde beauty kept quiet throughout their exchange. Surprisingly, her presence didn't alter the conversation, as Jasper looked carefree. Throughout the girl's life, she made it a point that the world in her hands followed her path. But seeing her brother smiling, and laughing, with no evident struggle, allowed the girl to accept that Driana wouldn't be the reason her family would move out of Forks. Although, it didn't mean they were safe.+

"You should get to class," Rosalie told Jasper.+

"What she said," Driana agreed. "I'm not surprised if our interaction made you late today."+

"Alright, I'll get going," Jasper smiled. "Rose," He nodded at his sister before leaving.+

"I've never seen Jasper that happy," Rosalie told Driana.+

"Is that bad?" Driana winced.+

The girls took their seats before class began. Mr. Ark sat at his desk, rummaging through papers. Students were still entering the classroom.+

"Are you asking if happiness is bad for my brother?" Rosalie stared at her, raising a brow. "How curious."+

Driana lightly shrugged. "I've seen what happiness does to people. Once it's ripped from their lives, they'll go numb."+

"I see," Rosalie said in thought. "I forgot you had gone through things in your life. Anyway, you are partially correct."+

"That's what my friend Max is worried about for me," Driana mentioned. "It's our senior year, as well. The thought of parting ways will bring sadness on both sides."+

"You believe that'll happen?" Rosalie asked.+

"Are you going to stay in Forks forever?" Driana countered.+

Rosalie frowned. "No. Although, one can only say to know what's good for you."+

"I agree," Driana smiled. "I've already decided what to do in life. What about you?"+

"Electrical Engineering," Rosalie answered. "I have a soft spot for cars."+

"Impressive," Driana complimented. "I know a few things. The Italian muscle, to me, is beautiful."+

Rosalie smirked at her. "Perhaps I can show you a thing or two in the future."+

As class began, Mr. Ark explained an upcoming project comparing the U.S. Government to another country. He specified to find similarities and differences while finding what they would or wouldn't want in their made-up government.+

"This project is worth half your grades," Mr. Ark informed. "Due date is by the end of the week. You'll receive a full percentage should you decide to turn the project in early. However, if the project does not meet my expectations, you'll only have a ninety percent." He pointed at the back of the class. "For today, you will use this class time to work on your project. There are books that I have borrowed from the library for you to use. Abuse the book, and your privilege gets taken away."+

Driana took her time picking options before settling on a country from Southeast Asia. Rosalie had finished her project, much to Mr. Ark's surprise. Time passed quickly, and the bell rang, signaling the end of class. Mr. Ark counted the books to confirm all were present before dismissing the students. Jasper had already been waiting outside the door. Rosalie rolled her eyes at her brother's eagerness.+

"Are you that excited?" Driana teased.+

"It's impolite to make a lady wait," Jasper smiled.+

"Tell that to Edward," Rosalie scowled.+

Driana giggled. "He sure does piss you off."+

"Lately, he has been," Rosalie told her.+

The sound of light rain began hitting the school roof. Driana, Jasper, and Rosalie stopped near the lockers where Max, Alex, and Grace had waited for Driana. The trio waved their friend over. Driana turned to Rosalie and Jasper, hesitation on her face. Jasper chuckled at her reaction.+

"What's wrong?"+

Driana shook her head. "No, nothing. I'm only curious if we'll be doing this every day."+

Jasper attractively smiled, nodding his head. "Of course we are. I did say I wanted to know you better. If it gets too much, let me know, alright?"+

"I'm fine with this," Driana assured. "So, tomorrow again?"+

Jasper's smile dropped into a frown. Rosalie sighed, answering in his stead. "We won't be at school tomorrow. Our family has to deal with personal issues this week."+

"I hope things will sail smoothly for you all," Driana said honestly.+

The rain began pouring down. Driana stared at the open doors that showed poor visibility before looking down at her clothes. The poor girl forgot her windbreaker. She jutted her thumb at the school doors.+

"You two best get going," She told them. "At least you haven't forgotten your jackets."+

Without warning, Jasper swiftly took his jacket off and placed it on the girl. Before Driana could protest, he set his hands on her shoulders to prevent the girl from removing it.+

"Keep my jacket and use it if you need to," Jasper interrupted her. "Rose and I will be going now. Stay safe."+

Rosalie waved goodbye to the girl before leaving with Jasper. Driana turned around with red cheeks and walked toward her friends. They gave kissy faces and mocked Driana's facial expressions.+

"I thought he'd kiss you," Alex sighed, faking disappointment.+

"He's marked you now that you have his jacket," Grace teased.+

Max snickered. "Alright, let's head home before the rain worsens."+

Driana got into Alex's car. The girl deeply inhaled, catching the scent of Jasper's cologne. He smelled of the forest or sandalwood, slightly flowery and fruity but not overpowering or nauseating. The girl smiled to herself. Alex looked over at her, eyeing her weirdly.+

"You seriously need the hospital."+

A sunny day came down on Forks. Much to every student in Forks High School's surprise, they took the opportunity to enjoy the weather as if it'd disappear. Driana, however, felt gloomy at the absence of the Cullens and Hales. More notably, Jasper Hale. The same boy she once avoided, only to wish he'd be by her side in the end.+

"Troubled?" Max asked her.+

The four friends sat in their usual spot during lunch. Alex had gotten over Lauren Mallory. Instead of gushing over the girl, he'd curse her name in conversations and glare when she'd be in his view. The other three were content to be back under the tree but have made Lauren an enemy.+

"Only you would know," Driana huffed.+

The girl watched Grace, who, out of pity, had offered to take Alex to the dance should he want to. Alex said something inaudibly, making the girl shrug in response. Driana turned her attention back to Max.+

"It's not like they'll be gone forever," Max said. "I'm surprised how attached you are."+

Driana scowled. "I am not! I became too adjusted, that's all."+

"I mean, you can see them outside of school." Max took a bite out of his teriyaki. "But that would be stalking."+

"Leave that to Grace," Driana quietly told him.+

"It's funny, though," Max spoke. "They missed school on a sunny day. Then again, Grace said Dr. Carlisle Cullen would excuse his kids on days like this."+

"Why?"+

Max shrugged, finishing his meal. "She doesn't know."+

Driana's classes passed quickly like a breeze. The girl felt lonely without the company of Jasper. She had a silent argument in her head. It's not like there's anything wrong with missing the boy's presence. Or was it understandable despite only knowing him for a few weeks?+

"Bye!' Grace waved, getting in her car.+

"I'll get going as well," Max announced, opening his car door. "Drive safe."+

"Come on," Alex called to Driana.+

Driana and Alex spent most of the ride talking about the upcoming dance. They both agreed how useless it was to have prom coming after the Girl's Choice. Driana preferred that the dance funds go toward the school, while Alex disagreed that more vending machines should be in the halls.+

"I'll catch up tomorrow!" The girl waved goodbye and entered her house.+

Ms. Berold was coming home soon. Driana decided that their dinner should be roast chicken breast. While the meat was marinating, the girl changed into a new pair of clothes. She looked out the window that showed a view of the forest. Unsure if the weather would change, she grabbed Jasper's jacket and headed out.+

The forest at the back of her house never amazed the girl as it felt too familiar. Driana never had the chance to explore beyond the Calawah River that resided yards from the treeline. Tugging Jasper's jacket, she took the opportunity to cross over some stones that led to the other side.+

"Hey, Dri."+

The girl, startled, almost fell back into the water before being grabbed by muscular arms.+

"Paul," Driana breathed out. She looked down, collecting her thoughts before looking back up at him. "Thanks. What are you doing here?"+

Paul shrugged. "I'm on patrol, as always. This isn't our territory, but Sam wanted me to double-check."+

"Well, I'm fine," Driana assured. "Nothing bad here."+

Paul chuckled, sniffing the air in hopes of catching Driana's scent. However, his happiness fell because there was something odd.+

"You smell different," Paul told her.+

"I never changed my products," Driana told him, confused. The girl furrowed her brows as she stared into his hard eyes.+

Paul inhaled deeply. He glared and pointed at Driana's jacket. "Where'd you get that?"+

The girl hugged the jacket closer to her. "A friend."+

"I don't think you should be friends with them," Paul harshly said.+

"Since when do you control who I hang out with?" Driana raised a brow at him.+

"If you know what's good for you, return that to the owner," Paul ordered.+

"I'm not one of your wolves to command, Paul," Driana argued. "Besides, how would you know what's good for me?"+

"Can't you listen, at least?" Paul growled. "Do you even know who that jacket belongs to?"+

"He's one of Dr. Carlisle Cullen's kids," Driana glared. "For your information, he's a nice person."+

Paul's face became angry. "He's dangerous!" He disagreed. "An enemy to the tribe!"+

Driana scoffed. "Well, I'm sorry, but I'm not part of the tribe. It doesn't apply to me."+

"You don't understand!" Paul groaned in annoyance.+

"Then, so help me!"+

"I can't," Paul spoke quietly. "But, maybe, you can figure it out."+

Driana snapped her head up at him. "What?"+

"I want you to remember every odd detail about that family for you to figure it out." Paul sighed, pinching his nose. "You'll understand why I don't want you around the Cullens. Maybe you'll realize why they are monsters."+

"Wait," Driana said, but Paul had begun walking away. "Paul!"+

"Just do it!" He yelled before running back to Quileute land.+

Flustered, the girl marched back home to finish preparing dinner. She decided to do what Paul had asked of her tomorrow. If the Cullens and Hales returned to school, she could ask them.+

After another sunny day, Driana hadn't thought of Paul's words until lunch. The Cullens and Hales were absent again. She didn't fully understand why the boy said they were enemies of the tribe. It didn't make sense for her to end a blooming friendship and stay away from them.+

"Odd things about them," The girl spoke to herself during the last period.+

Driana flipped her notebook to the last pages where her doodles were. She found a free space and began listing what peculiar things she found about the family. The girl remembered their eyes. Maybe the family having dark eyes wasn't part of her imagination. They were real. But how does one change their eye color? Colored contacts? That's odd if all siblings wore them at once. However, it's easy to tell if someone wore lenses. Possibly, the golden-brown shade is their eye color. Next, she recalled how their skin temperature stayed ice cold. No human should ever be that cold, even similar to the other. The bags under their eyes reminded her of a corpse.+

"Class dismissed!" Mr. Ark announced.+

The girl slammed her notebook shut and gathered her things quickly before heading out the door. Meeting up with her friends, they hung out in the parking lot before departing ways. During the car ride, Driana hesitated before asking Alex a question.+

"Do wolves have enemies?"+

Alex laughed at her. "You mean werewolves?"+

"Sure," Driana shrugged.+

"I'm surprised you're asking me," Alex said.+

Driana opened her notebook, discreetly staring at what she noted about the Cullens. "I'm not that interested in the supernatural."+

"They have many," Alex told her. "Most notably, the undead-" The girl's eyes spotted a drawing she subconsciously made, a coffin. "-vampires."+

"Vampires?" Driana furrowed her brows. "Bloodsuckers?"+

"Yep! Monster royalty," Alex stared at her. "I thought you were not interested?"+

Driana rolled her eyes. "Just curious."+

"Like werewolves, they're predators," Alex continued. "If you know Dracula, he's an icon."+

The girl thought of Cullens and Hale's absence during the sunny days. "They burn under the sun, don't they?"+

"Ah, well, that's another myth," Alex chuckled. "They originally don't."+

"How do you know so much?"+

Alex parked in front of Driana's house. "I'm a nerd for folklore."+

"Of course," Driana smiled.+

"See ya tomorrow," Alex waved at her.+

"Bye!" Driana yelled as she entered her home.+

Night came as Driana and Ms. Berold finished their meals. As Driana washed the dishes, she imagined the Cullens and Hales. Skin the color of a corpse, different-colored eyes, and she realized how posed and graceful they were.+

He's dangerous!+

An enemy to the tribe!+

They are monsters!+

Driana laughed in disbelief as she recalled Paul's words. Monsters lived among humans. But were they monsters? The family could've murdered the entire school to feast on their blood. Heck, they were able to attack the girl if they wanted. However, they didn't.+

"I'm heading to bed," Ms. Berold spoke. "Sleep soon, okay?"+

"Yes, Mom," Driana said obediently. The girl quickly placed the dishes away and chased after Ms. Berold. "Mom?"+

"Why?"+

Driana bit her lip. "Do you think that someone who may seem bad is good?"+

Ms. Berold hummed in thought before answering. "There's good in evil and evil in good. It depends on the way they treat others. You'll feel it when you're around them."+

"Alright," Driana thanked her, and without another word, Ms. Berold went to bed.+

Hours passed, and the girl had trouble sleeping. She took her time googling about vampires, remembering all information. Feeling tired, she went to the kitchen for a cup of water. Her eyes glanced at the window, and a figure moved swiftly. Panicking, she ran back into her room and hid under her blanket.+

"I'm going insane," Driana told herself. "I'm scaring myself."+

The next day, Driana readied herself for school. The sun disappeared, and the girl's heart began beating out of her chest. What if the Cullens and Hales came back to school? The parking spot that used to be empty had a familiar car reversing in it.+

"Walk faster," Driana hissed at Alex, using him as a shield.+

"Okay, okay," Alex said, looking confused.+

"Driana!"+

The girl froze but kept calm as she faced the family. "Alex," Driana called the boy. "I'll head inside after you."+

"Alright," Alex warily stared between them before entering the school doors.+

Driana cautiously walked over to the Cullens and Hales. Her thoughts flew everywhere while she stared into their curious faces. The girl glanced at Edward, whose face hardened at the sudden glance. She allowed her thoughts to jumble as she recalled that their kind had abilities.+

"Unfortunately, I know," Driana told them. "One thing's for sure I need time to think about what I've discovered. However, I am not afraid of you all, and I won't spread your secret."+

She spun around, leaving the family stunned.+

Driana and the family of vampires could only stare at each other from the halls. Jasper hadn't waited outside the girl's classes nor walked with her. She knew it was from her confrontation earlier this morning.+

"Did something happen?" Max asked concerningly.+

"No, nothing at all."+

Grace was absent that day. Driana had ignored Max and Alex's worrisome looks. After all, how would she explain her discovery of vampires? Or worse, she wanted to continue the friendship yet knew they were dangerous. It wasn't until Rosalie approached the girl, who headed toward her usual spot during lunchtime.+

"Driana?" Rosalie called her name.+

The girl slightly flinched but bravely acknowledged the blonde beauty. Rosalie sighed, gesturing for her to walk beside her. Driana hesitantly obeyed, keeping a distance, and followed Rosalie to the cafeteria.+

"I was wondering when we'd see you again," Emmett lightly joked.+

Driana stifled a laugh, taking a seat when Alice pulled a chair for her.+

"We saw her this morning," Rosalie rolled her eyes at him and sat down. "We go to the same school."+

"Ignore Rosalie," Edward said, earning a glare from the blonde beauty.+

"We're hoping to ask you questions," Alice cautiously said.+

"Go on," Driana allowed without hesitation.+

"Exactly what do you know?" Edward asked.+

Driana smiled to herself and stared directly at him. She focused on one word, vampire. Edward, surprised, leaned back in his seat. The girl smirked at him, nodding to confirm what she knew. Emmett glanced between the two, annoyed.+

"Oh, come on! I hate it when you don't share anything," Emmett complained to Edward.+

"You know we're bloodsuckers, but how did you know of my ability?" Edward asked, ignoring Emmett, who, even the family, was surprised at his question.+

"I researched your kind last night. To answer your question, I don't," Driana said honestly. "I figured that those who are different from humans have powers. I tested it out this morning. You stared at me, confused when I mixed different thoughts. That makes you, Edward, a mind reader."+

"What else?" Alice asked her. +

"That time I wanted to punch Lauren Mallory's face," Driana remembered, smiling at the memory. "I felt a surge of calm. The timing of emotion was out of place, so I tried fighting against it. Then, Jasper comes along?" Jasper's eyes snapped toward the girl. Driana ignored his stare and continued. "An empath."+

Emmett looked around their area of space before talking. "Since you're aware we're vampires, can you guess how old we are?'+

"More than fifty years, I suppose," Driana told him. "Rosalie had me borrow her notes once in class. In today's world, her beautiful penmanship isn't similar to how everyone writes."+

Rosalie gazed hard at Driana before glaring at the table. Emmett kept a hand on her shoulder before nodding at Driana in reassurance. +

Alice redirected the topic to Driana's discovery. "You're aware of our diet?" She asked, wincing a little.+

"Yeah," Driana replied nonchalantly.+

"Are you afraid?" Jasper quickly spoke. His tone caught the attention of his family, making them tense.+

"I'd be lying if I said I don't believe you've never bit anyone." Driana crossed her arms, staring into their eyes. "Although you guys could have gone through devouring the school, you choose not to. I see that your family is the type to stray from the trope that vampires are known for killing. I've asked myself if I should be afraid. Yes, I should be, but I've built trust." The girl swallowed thickly, exhaling the words. "A friendship."+

Jasper rudely chuckled in disbelief. "Do you think 'friendship' ensures your safety?"+

"If you wanted to, you could," Driana flatly said. She leaned closer to him, and the family was on the edge of their seat, fearing the situation. "Try me."+

Jasper held his breath, hands turning into fists before turning away. Driana sat back in her seat, wearing a triumphant smile. "My point taken."+

"Do you know how dangerous that was? You could've been gone," Rosalie scolded.+

"It's not my time yet," Driana said. +

"A little daredevil," Emmett smirked.+

Driana smiled at him before speaking. "That's how much trust I have for this family."+

"You're pretty observant," Edward told her. "Quite smart for putting things together quickly."+

"I must say," Driana chuckled. "If I hadn't noted things, I'd be believing you were all unique humans."+

Rosalie bit the inside of her cheek. "Are you going to tell anyone?"+

"Of course not!" Driana shook her head.+

"We've trusted her," Alice assured Rosalie. "She's going to be with us for a long time."+

"Alice," Jasper said, shocked. "You don't mean that, do you?" He paused, making eye contact with Driana. His face softened as he continued to speak. "I mean, the one you privately told me yesterday."+

Edward glimpsed into Jasper's head before slumping back in his seat. "We're on the same boat, Jazz," He muttered.+

Alice threw a disapproving look at Edward's tone before grinning at Jasper. "Yes, Jazz, exactly what I said yesterday." She turned to Driana, who wore a confused expression. "Would you like to come to our house?"+

"What?" Alex exclaimed.+

"They're picking me up," Driana confirmed.+

School time had ended a while ago, and the pair were inside the girl's house. Driana was making dinner early in case she would come home late. Alex sat at the dining table, processing the girl's words while eating a bag of chips.+

"Who's picking you up?"+

"Jasper," Driana answered.+

Alex began laughing, clutching his stomach before wiping off a fake tear. "You're growing up so fast."+

"I'm holding a knife!"1

The boy chuckled, snacking on the chips. "Does your mom know?"+

"Well," Driana sighed. "I lied to her."+

"Wait," Alex placed the chips down. "What'd you say?'+

"I said I had a project to do with a partner," Driana cringed. "That's the only way she could allow me."+

"Ha!" Alex placed the chips back in the cabinet. "Does Max know?'+

"No," The girl replied quickly. "Don't tell him yet. Not even Grace!"+

"Secret's safe with me, sister." Alex glanced at the clock on the wall before grabbing his things. "My mom's shift is ending. Tell me the details when you can!"+

"I will, bye Alex!" Driana called out after him.+

"Stay safe! Don't do things I won't do," Alex yelled as he left the house.+

An hour later, a motorcycle arrived in front of Driana's house. The girl answered the knocking on the door, revealing Jasper wearing a dark-blue rider jacket. He smiled at her, waving with a helmet in his hand.+

"I didn't know vampires need helmets," Driana teased. "I thought you were invincible."+

"I need to look human, at least," Jasper smirked. "Your kind and their safety rules." He pointed at her clothes. "You should wear a warmer jacket since we're riding my motor. The wind will bite at your skin."+

"Oh," Driana looked at her outfit. "You can come inside. Just wait a moment!" The girl rushed into her room to find a better jacket.+

Jasper chuckled, obeying her words and closing the door after himself. Looking around, a picture in the hall caught his eye. It was Driana when she was younger. The photo took place at a restaurant. The girl was smiling, her round cheeks and hands covered in icing and cake. The boy smiled, realizing that Driana's cheeks had stayed the same since then.1

"That was my father's birthday," Driana spoke. "I faintly remember that I impatiently waited for the cake and dove right in after it arrived. The worst part was the workers hadn't got the chance to sing, and my father never blew his candle."+

Jasper began laughing. He found her adorable. Driana smiled and rolled her eyes. "I was four that time." She pointed to her jacket. "Is this more suitable?"+

"Yes, better. Come on," Jasper led her outside. Starting the motor, he chuckled at the short girl's unsure expression. "Scared?"+

"No," Driana said, getting on and wearing the extra helmet. "I'm only worried about flying off."+

Jasper hesitated but grabbed Driana's warm hands, placing them around his waist. "Don't let go."+

"Okay," Driana gulped.+

The girl felt her face flush at the contact, tightening the grip on her hands. Jasper smirked when he heard her heartbeat quicken. The distance to the Cullen's house didn't seem far from hers as they shared the same river. The trees and road blurred green and gray as they flew by them. The blond slowed down on a curve, revealing a large, three-story house. He parked inside a garage that had other cars.+

"Beautiful," Driana commented, staring at a red BMW.+

"It's Rosalie's," Jasper told her.+

"I'd expected her to be interested in the 3 Series."+

Jasper gazed at her with interest. "Car enthusiast?"+

Driana shook her head. "No, just an older brother."+

Jasper offered to take Driana's jacket and hung it beside his by the tool closet. He led the girl inside the spacious living room. The girl smiled at the open view of trees and lawn that stretched to the river. By the entrance door, there was a grand piano.+

"That belongs to Edward," Jasper said. The boy sighed. "Who's not even here."+

"Being musically inclined fits in with his brooding personality," Driana joked.+

"You got that right," Emmett spoke as he bounded down the staircase. "Welcome to our casa!" He boomed with open arms.+

"Emmett," Rosalie scolded. "Not so loud." She turned to Driana, smiling gently.+

"You're here!" Alice squeaked, running fast and hugging the girl in response.+

Rosalie, Emmett, and Jasper stiffened at Alice's actions. However, Driana didn't mind despite being shocked, wrapped her arms around the girl with a smile. "Indeed I am."+

"It's a pleasure to meet you," An alluring voice said. Alice pulled away to reveal an attractive blond young man. He smiled at Driana with kind and assuring facial features. "I'm Dr. Carlisle Cullen, their adoptive father," He greeted, shaking hands with Driana. "This is my wife, Esme."1

A small, caramel-haired woman wearing a smile that made one feel at home was standing by his side. She clasped her hands around Driana's, making her feel safe. "Finally, it's nice to meet you, my dear. I've heard interesting things about you."+

"Good things, I hope," Driana humored. "You have a lovely home. It's well-balanced, a pleasure to look at."+

"Thank you so much," Esme smiled.+

"Please, come join us," Carlisle said, gesturing toward the dining room.+

Driana followed Carlisle and Esme, with Jasper tagging along behind her. The room had a mahogany table in the middle, connecting to a cream-white kitchen. The walls had art pieces hanging on one side of the wall. Jasper pulled a chair for Driana, and the girl sat down quietly.1

"We'd like to thank you for not sharing our secret," Carlisle started, holding hands with Esme.+

"It's an important secret that has kept your lives undercover," Driana said. "I'm not one to expose. Especially if one has tried hard to keep peace in their family."+

"We appreciate that," Esme assured her.+

"Am I the only one aware?" Driana asked.+

Carlisle and Esme glanced at each other before the patriarch spoke. "The person Edward has taken an interest in is aware of our kind."+

"Bella Swan," Driana said confidently. "I'm not surprised."+

"You know her?" Esme asked.+

"We've talked a couple of times," Driana answered. "She seems harmless."+

"Rosalie was worried we'd have to move because of her," Jasper added. "At first, we were uncertain if she'd endanger us."+

"Couldn't Edward read her mind to confirm?"+

"He can't," Jasper said. "The issue got worse the day of the accident. We were worried she'd say something. However, we've come to accept that-"+

"Human is his mate," Rosalie hissed as she passed by the dining room with Emmett. He shrugged at them before chasing after the blonde beauty.1

"Mate?" Driana asked, bewildered. "Bella's his lover?" The girl began laughing, bringing joy to Jasper's ears. "He's been staring her down since her arrival."+

"You're surprisingly taking this well," Carlisle complimented.+

Driana smiled, not wanting to reveal her knowledge of the Quileute wolves. "Strange things happen every day."+

Esme smiled at her humor. "We'd love to have you visit often."+

"I wouldn't want to be a bother," The girl replied shyly.+

"Nonsense," Esme disagreed. "Besides, one of us enjoys your presence too much." She grinned at Jasper. He coughed, looking the other way, making Esme laugh. "Jasper, you should tour Driana around the house. Make yourself feel at home, darling."+

The blond abruptly stood up, glad to be out of the situation. "Right." He helped the girl out of the chair, leading her up the stairs. "First room belongs to Emmett and Rosalie. Down the line is Alice's room and Carlisle and Esme's library study." Jasper led her up to the third floor. "Carlisle and Esme's room, Edward's, and the library."+

"Being alive for a long time must have made you all collectors," Driana commented. "Where's your room?"+

"Right here," He said, opening a door.+

A single iceberg-colored wall had hanging western-styled hats and a black bed. The rest of the room was painted white. There was a bookshelf and computer desk on two sides. On the opposite wall, light-gray-colored curtains covered the glass windows. A chessboard sat on a glass coffee table, accompanied by two black executive armchairs under a gray rug.+

"I like it," Driana complimented, eyes scanning the room.+

"You do?" Jasper asked in surprise. "Alice says it's too simple."+

"It suits you," Driana smiled at him. She paused, feeling shy.+

"Thanks," Jasper said, leaving a lingering look before guiding her to the bookshelves. "My collections."+

"Wow," Driana stared in awe. She pointed at a book, giving him a teasing look. "Salem's Lot?"+

"The irony," Jasper feigned dramatically. He smirked and pulled the book off the shelf. "Feel free to read."+

Driana read the book while sitting on the armchair. Across from her was Jasper on his laptop. Occasionally, they would sneak glances at each other. Whenever they made contact, they'd smile before continuing to do their thing. Jasper felt at peace, the most he's ever been in his vampiric life.+

"Jasper?" Driana spoke after a while.+

The boy looked up from the screen, quirking a brow at the girl. "Yes?"+

"If vampires have mates," She began. "How do they know?"+

"Good question," Jasper sighed, closing his laptop. "Both Carlisle and Rosalie had found their mates when they were human. Although, in a tragic, different scenario than Edward and Bella. A human Esme had met Carlisle and instantly felt a connection. Despite Esme being married to a horrible man, they never left the other's mind. Rosalie found a dying Emmett, yet the moment her eyes roamed his face, it changed something in her."+

"Love at first sight?"+

"Someone who's yours forever. It's a stronger bond than being in love."+

Driana nodded in understanding but couldn't help but frown as Paul entered her mind. Did wolves have mates? Could that be why Paul acted differently in the relationship after the transformation?+

"What's wrong?" Jasper's face twisted into concern as he felt her emotions.+

"It has me wondering if humans can ever meet their mate," Driana explained.+

"Possibly," Jasper pondered as well. "There's always someone out there who belongs to another."+

"Did you ever meet your mate?"+

Jasper shook his head. "She hasn't come around yet." He leaned toward her. "She just needs to make up her mind."+

Driana furrowed her brows, swallowing a familiar emotion. "For Alice to see."+

The boy, disappointed, sighed and leaned back in his seat. "Sure, I guess." His brows shot up at the girl. "We never told you Alice can see the future."+

"Lunchtime gave it away," Driana answered.+

"You're smart but blind," Jasper said, chuckling at his subtle hint.+

"What?" Driana asked, confused.+

The blond stood up, placing his laptop on the table. "Are you hungry?"+

"I don't think a house of vampires would have human food," Driana teased.+

Jasper rolled his eyes. "Come on," He said, holding out his hand.+

The girl took his hand, and he pulled her up effortlessly. Driana felt her face flush. "Where are we going?"+

"On a date."2

Jasper and Driana rode through the streets of Forks at night. The girl had kept her thoughts to herself, but it didn't help that the blond could feel her nervousness. The ride felt like forever until Jasper stopped at a diner.+

"Ladies first," Jasper smiled, opening the door for her.1

"Thanks," Driana muttered shyly.+

Entering their ears was the sound of jazz music. The diner had a few people sitting at tables far from the booths. A few scuff marks were visible on the linoleum-tiled floors. The wooden walls had posters and vinyl record decorations.+

A host readied with menus and greeted them. "Welcome to Calico Diner! Will it be a table for two, or are more people coming?"+

"Just us," Jasper said, side-eyeing Driana with a smirk. "May we have a private option?"+

"Of course. Right this way," The host said, guiding them to a quiet booth near the back. "Will this be alright?"+

"Perfect," Jasper said. He gestured for Driana to take a seat and sat down.+

The host handed them their menus. "Your server will be here."+

"Thanks, Jan. Hello! I'm Kendra, your server for tonight." A waitress with brown curls greeted them. "Shall we start with drinks?"+

"Water's fine," Driana said.+

"And you, sir?" The waitress asked Jasper.+

The blond shook his head. "I'll share with the lady."+

"How romantic," The waitress commented. "So, one water?"1

"Yes," Jasper confirmed, enjoying Driana's bewildered expression.+

Driana kept her eyes on the menu the whole time, avoiding eye contact with Jasper. The girl tried calming down her emotions, something that Jasper found amusing. He stared at her with interest, resting his chin on his hand.+

"Need help?" He teased.+

"It's okay," Driana denied.+

Jasper chuckled, setting his menu aside. Driana hesitantly looked into Jasper's eyes before averting back to the menu. She cursed at herself, her feelings exploding inside her chest. The blond smirked, easing her emotions, and leaned back.+

The waitress with brown curls returned with their shared water. "Are you ready to order?"+

"Yes, please," Driana said eagerly, relieved to divert her attention elsewhere. "I'll have a Salisbury steak."+

"Alrighty! And what would the gentleman like?"+

"Just a junior burger," Jasper told her.+

"Okay! One Salisbury steak and one junior burger?" The waitress asked the pair, who nodded in response. "Your order will be here soon."+

"I thought vamps only eat blood?" Driana spoke after the waitress left.+

"We do," Jasper answered. "If we inhale human food, it doesn't stay down for long."+

"Interesting." Driana leaned forward, curious. "Do vampires sleep?"+

"The whole coffin thing?" Jasper shook his head. "We're undead. We don't need to."1

"Were you born a vampire?"+

"That's impossible," He answered. "In Texas 1863, I became a vampire after being bitten by someone named Maria. I aided her with victories over territories in the South with an army of newborns or new vampires." Jasper diverted his eyes to the table. "Maria had me believing we were mates. She used me. I was her pawn." The blond fiddled his fingers. "I broke free, leaving afterward."+

"It's a good thing you did," Driana assured him. "Wait, you were alive during the Civil War?"+

"Yeah," Jasper shyly said. He hesitated before adding, "Although I was a Confederate soldier." Driana gasped. The blond winced at her reaction. "I know. I was the youngest Major at that time, trying to prove something. However, looking back with changed views, I was stupid."1

The girl giggled. "I can look past that. Besides, that was a long time ago. But that means you're more than a hundred years old. That's pretty cool." Driana paused. "If you were with Maria, then you and Rosalie aren't twins?"1

"Correct," Jasper said. "I took her last name for us to pose as twins. My real surname is Whitlock."+

"I like that better," Driana complimented, sipping her water. "How did you meet the Cullens, then?"+

Jasper smiled at the memory. "I wandered alone until I entered a diner in Pennsylvania. That's where I met Alice, who approached me, saying I'd kept her waiting a long time." He looked at Driana, regret in his eyes. "We were both confused about what we meant to each other."+

"You acted as mates," Driana guessed sadly.+

"It took us a year to realize we never were." The blond leaned forward, holding her gaze in assurance. "Alice caught another vision. It turns out we'd be a pair of siblings and best friends. She told me we would join a family, the Cullens, and Rosalie, in the future. However, we needed to work on our diet, feeding on animal blood." The blond laughed at himself. "It's something I've struggled with since."+

"Was I in danger?" The girl asked.+

Jasper shook his head. "No. Your blood and scent aren't bothersome. I'm thankful for that. It doesn't make me go insane to kill you. Bella's own is, though. Her blood is enticing, but I've resisted killing her for the sake of Alice."+

"Oh," Driana said, disheartened at the sound of Alice's name.+

"Driana," Jasper called out to her. He lightly touched her hand as if he'd break it. "I don't know how to prove it to you, but I have forever."+

"Jasper-"+

"One junior burger and one Salisbury steak!" The waitress announced, setting their food down. "Will there be anything else?"+

Jasper shook his head. "No, that'll be all."+

"Give me a call if anything. Enjoy your meal!" The waitress smiled before leaving.+

"If you don't eat, who is the junior burger for?" Driana asked, brows furrowing in confusion.+

"You," Jasper answered, smiling. "I wouldn't want the girl I want to date going hungry now, do I?"+

Driana blushed furiously. "Whatever."+

Jasper chuckled, tucking a lock of hair behind her ear. "I want you to know that even if you weren't my first, I want you to be my last."+

After their dinner date, Jasper and Driana began properly knowing each other weeks later. It brought some attention to the pair at school, but they paid no mind to them. The girl's friends were in the dark until yesterday when Driana announced that she and Jasper were officially dating.+

"You and Hale, huh?" Alex teased, driving on the way to school.+

"What about it?" Driana furrowed her brows.+

"I like it," Alex answered. "He looks at you like you're his world."+

"Thanks," Driana said, smiling.+

"Honestly, you two were good at keeping it under the radar," Alex commented.+

"Not too many people getting into our business, you know?" Driana said.+

Alex hummed in agreement. He sincerely felt happy for her. However, the boy worried about the girl's heart if anything happened between her and Jasper. It's not that he didn't trust the blond, but rather the girl shutting herself out.+

Parking in their familiar spot, Alex and Driana headed inside the school. Max, for the first time, was surprisingly early. He had his hands in the pockets of his trench coat while leaning against the lockers. Alex teasingly greeted the second eldest of the group.+

"Max, is that you?"+

"Perhaps we're imagining," Driana chimed in. She poked Max's arm. "Ah, it is him."+

"Very funny," Max sarcastically responded.+

"Why are you here so early?" Alex questioned.+

"Because I'm pulling the big brother card."+

Driana rolled her eyes. "You can't be serious."+

"I like Jasper for you. You're giddy and all smiley whenever you talk about him. But if he does anything wrong, come straight to me, and I'll take care of it."+

Driana stifled a laugh with a smile. "Yes, sir."+

Grace bounded down the halls. She halted in her steps and began jumping out of excitement. The eldest showed them the text messages on her phone. It was hard to read, but they glanced at the contact's name.+

"I am going to the Girl's Choice!"+

"That's great!" Alex cheered. He turned to Max. "Looks like it's me and you, bud."+

Max sighed, slinking an arm around the youngest. "I'll be wearing a pink dress."+

Driana chuckled. "Count me out."+

"What?" Grace exclaimed. "What if Jason brings his friends? I need support, too!"+

"You'll have Alex and Max," Driana assured. "It'll be fine."+

"As long as you don't mind me wearing a white dress," Alex jokingly told Grace.+

Grace shook her head, her curls bouncing around. "I am so getting embarrassed."+

Driana looked past her to see Jasper and his family entering the halls. Jasper's eyes lit up as they made eye contact. Emmett used his vampiric strength to shove the blond toward Driana and her friends, earning a scowl from Jasper. Emmett and Alice walked away and snickered at the blond's reaction while Rosalie rolled her eyes in disapproval.+

"Driana," Jasper greeted her with a charming smile. "Hey, guys."+

"Jasper!" Grace cheered. "Convince her and be her date to Girl's Choice!"+

Driana facepalmed before joining Jasper's side. The blond stared at her curiously. "You don't want to go?"+

"Did you want to?" The girl furrowed her brows.+

"I'm not a girl," Jasper humored. "Besides, whatever my lady wants, I shall follow."+

Driana, flustered, looked away and focused on her friends. "I'd rather wait for prom."+

"You better," Grace tsked. "Persuade her, Jasper."+

The blond chuckled. "Of course, Grace."+

"Driana complains about not doing much for senior year," Alex informed him.+

"Which will be my decision on what to do," Driana countered. +

Max snorted a laugh. "Don't do things I wouldn't do."+

"I'll see you guys later," Driana quickly said before dragging Jasper, who waved goodbye to them.+

The girl felt her cheeks flush at Max's words. Then, she realized her hand wrapped around Jasper's arm when she pulled him away from her friends. Driana looked at her hand before shyly smiling up at the blond.+

"Don't worry," Jasper comfortingly said. "This is nice. But if you want to stop, we can."+

The girl shook her head. "I feel comfortable. From now on, can we do this every day?"+

"Of course, Darling. However-" Jasper tugged her closer, their arms brushing against each other as his hand reached hers to interlock their fingers. "I prefer this, too."+

"You're quite brave, cowboy," Driana teased. "I thought we were keeping it under the radar."+

"Oh, please," Jasper smirked. "We're not that obvious compared to Edward and Bella."+

Driana stared up at him, surprised. "They're finally dating?"+

"Since last night," Jasper said. "It got a kick out of Rosalie."+

The girl snickered. "Less like Max when it came to us. Yet, if something happens, it'd be funny to watch him hunt you down without knowing you're a vampire."+

"Trust me," Jasper chuckled. "If I ever hurt you, I'd be on my knee for forgiveness."+

"Have you changed your mind yet?"+

"No, Grace," Driana told her for the fifth time during Gym.+

Grace sighed, helping the girl with her barbell squat. "How about now?"+

"Grace, focus," Driana hissed, grunting as she reached muscle failure.+

"Right!" Grace helped the poor girl, who gave a slightly annoyed look. "Sorry!"+

Driana huffed, shaking her head. "For the last time, I am not going. I don't see the point. Besides, it'd be another waste of money."+

"I'll pay for you!"+

"No."+

"I'll drive you!"+

"No."+

Grace grumbled in response, forcefully slamming the bar back onto the rack. Driana chuckled in amusement and drank her water. Coach Mitchell blew her whistle thrice and called their last names to line up before jogging.+

"Ready, set, go!"+

A blur went by the following days. Driana divided her time with her friends by seeing them before and after school while she spent school hours and lunch with Jasper. The girl currently sat at the Cullen table. She and Jasper would discreetly brush against each other or interlock their pinky fingers while smiling at one another.+

"Here comes the human," Rosalie said sourly.+

Edward rolled his eyes at the blonde beauty before getting up from his family's table and sitting at a vacant one. Bella Swan entered the cafeteria, surprised to see Edward motioning her to sit beside him. Driana turned her attention back to the family.+

"Is something wrong with Bella?"+

"I think not," Alice said sweetly. "Edward's happier."+

"Which causes him to be a complete moron," Rosalie harshly commented. +

"Our dear brother indeed caused us trouble," Emmett added. "All for losing his mind over a human."+

Rosalie glared at Bella, who diverted her eyes back to Edward. "Edward had to leave Forks so he wouldn't suck the Swan girl's blood dry and avoid her on the day of her arrival. But now that he's back home, it's all about Bella Swan." +

Driana bit the inside of her cheek. "What about me? Did I bring any issues?"+

The blonde beauty redirected her attention to Driana and sighed. "Edward's recklessly exposed us for who we are at the car accident. Revealing our kind and moving out of Forks was the main issue. He wasn't as careful with Bella as we were with you."+

Alice gently smiled. "You, appearing the same day as Bella did to Edward, shocked us. I'll admit I didn't see you coming."+

Jasper slid his hand into Driana's and lightly squeezed them in assurance. "Remember how I said I still struggle with controlling my thirst? My determination hadn't faded throughout my years. But when you came, I wasn't angry at you. I felt worried. Trying to prove myself only scared my family. Surprisingly, I've managed."+

"Which is a miracle," Alice complimented. +

"His miracle," Emmett snickered.+

"Jasper may have been able to control his thirst, but you're still in danger," Rosalie reminded the girl. "Your blood doesn't make us go frenzy, something we're thankful for. Yet you're still fragile, surrounded by immortals. Beings with skills superior to humans and a thirst for blood."+

"What she meant to say," Emmett intervened, "is that we don't want anything bad happening to all of us. Especially you."+

"Thanks," Driana said. "If I may, would vampires eat blood from periods during the menstrual cycle?"+

Emmett began howling with laughter, and Rosalie smacked his chest to calm him down. Jasper rolled his eyes at his brother before turning to Driana. "It's not purely made of blood. So, there's nothing to worry about."+

"Speaking of blood, Edward and I would need to hunt," Alice announced. "I'll see you this weekend, Driana!" She danced away to where Edward and Bella sat, eager to meet the human.+

"This weekend?" Driana asked, confused.+

"Idiot boy has invited the Swan girl over," Rosalie informed.+

"Right," Driana chuckled. "Two humans surrounded by seven vampires."+

"Your presence would likely help ease Bella Swan," Jasper said. +

Driana thought of how awkward Bella would be in the Cullen house. She worried about Bella's blood being more appealing than hers, jeopardizing everyone's safety. Then, the girl snickered at Rosalie's annoyance at the Swan girl's presence.+

"Surprisingly, she and Bella aren't attending the Girl's Choice Dance," Jasper told his siblings.+

"That's unfortunate," Rosalie said. She turned to Emmett, her smile automatically returning. "Emmett and I never miss any dances."+

"Bet you've saved a couple of dresses over the years," Driana joked.+

"Saved?" Emmett snorted. "She buys more. Her clothes are enough to become a department store itself." Rosalie rolled her eyes at Emmett, and he pulled the blonde beauty closer to him as comfort.+

Driana chuckled. "Enjoy the dance tomorrow. I'll be sleeping in."+

"Perhaps you won't," Jasper disagreed. He chuckled at Driana's confused expression.+

"And why's that?" Driana asked.+

"How about we go on another date?"+

"I've been meaning to ask," Jasper cautiously said. "Are you alright with our dating pace?"+

The blond had borrowed Emmett's jeep and drove to where their picnic would be. He had parked outside the treeline near a gully. Driana and Jasper were currently walking around the forest, their pinkies interlocked.+

"I like it," Driana answered honestly. "Not too slow or fast. It's at a comfortable rate for me. I prefer time taking its course."+

Jasper smiled at her before looking ahead. "How about I ask you questions to get the time moving?"+

"Alright," Driana agreed. +

"Favorite memory?"+

"You."+

Jasper rolled his eyes, hiding his enjoyment. "Okay, you cheeseball."+

Driana chuckled before sighing. "It's hard to choose a memory when all I've done is move forward. I guess when my younger self would spend time with my family. As a whole."+

Jasper felt the girl's sadness before being quickly erased. "What do you enjoy doing besides sleeping?"+

"Anything that's an art form."+

Jasper raised a brow at the girl. "How about dates that include said art forms?"+

"I'd like that," Driana grinned widely.+

"Noted." Jasper carefully grabbed the girl, using his vampiric strength to hoist himself and her over a fallen tree. "Any animals you favor that aren't common house pets?"+

"I find pandas and koalas adorable. Regardless of how dangerous those animals can be, I'd still want to snuggle them."+

"Remind me not to bring you to a zoo or farm," Jasper chuckled. "Taste in music?"+

"Depends on my mood," Driana shrugged. "Since we're walking in a calming place, I'd say alternative indie."+

"What's your favorite color?"+

Driana hummed in thought. "Blue for the sky, black for the night."+

Jasper covered the girl's head as they ducked under a low-hanging branch. "What about books?"+

"The Harry Potter series," Driana replied quickly. "How I longed to be a witch at Hogwarts."+

"Did you have a preferred Hogwarts House?"+

"Ravenclaw and Slytherin," She replied dreamily.2

Driana was about to continue before pausing to marvel at the sight of their picnic. Two lanterns hung on trees that aligned with each other. Flowers decorated the moss-covered ground. Gentle music came from the radio that perched on a small rock. Beside it was a stack of reading books. In the middle of a blue and white gingham blanket was a basket filled with drinks and meals, a courtesy from Esme.+

Jasper nervously rubbed the nape of his neck, unable to pinpoint the girl's emotions as they went haywire. "Is this too much?"+

"I love it!" The girl squealed, bringing relief to the blond. "This is so beautiful! You've honestly taken my breath away."+

"I'm glad you like it," Jasper grinned, reminding himself to thank Alice. "Shall we?"+

They both took off their shoes and sat comfortably on the thick blanket. Jasper pulled out a sandwich and let Driana choose her preferred drink. He felt calm watching the girl eat before grabbing the books behind him.+

"I didn't know which book you wanted to read," He said, scanning over them. "But I brought the ones I've noted you eyed at the longest from the last time you visited."+

"How thoughtful," Driana blushed. "I'll read The Island of Blue Dolphins."1

"Do you know anything about it?"+

"If I'm not mistaken, it hails from a true story," Driana said. +

"You've read the book before?" Jasper quirked a brow.+

"I vaguely remember it from elementary." The girl smiled at the memory. "I had seen the movie, too."+

Time passed as both read in comfortable silence. Driana would occasionally catch the blond staring at her before averting his eyes whenever he got caught. The girl started cowering slightly out of shyness. Finding his eyes again, she cleared her throat to gain his attention.+

"Jasper?" The girl quietly called to him.+

"Hm?"+

Driana laughed. "Are you okay?"+

"I'm more than okay." Jasper tucked her hair behind her ear and grinned charmingly. "However, time stopping between us would've been better."+

Driana's face began turning red. Feeling embarrassed, she whacked his arm with the book before trying to read. "Cheeseball," She muttered.+

"Too much?" Jasper asked.+

"Perhaps," Driana shyly said.+

"Too bad," He smirked. "There's more to come."+

"Great," She playfully rolled her eyes.+

Jasper snickered, picked up his book, and continued reading. He wasn't human, but moments with Driana made him feel like he was never a vampire. The blond would take the opportunity to become mortal to spend life and death with the girl. He'd do whatever it would take to keep her happy. The blond stared at her long black hair that hovered over her face. Her chocolate eyes scanned over the book she read. Jasper was thankful that he didn't have to blink, which meant he'd get to gaze over her beauty without a second wasted. Driana's eyes flickered to Jasper's golden brown ones, and she smiled before continuing to read. At that moment, Jasper vowed that Driana's life was his top priority.+

The following morning, Driana woke early before the sun rose. She had trouble falling asleep and decided to spend her breakfast in the living room. Munching on her waffles absentmindedly, she flipped through the channels on the television screen. Coneheads played on Comedy Central, leaving the girl satisfied as she ate.+

Hours passed, and Driana finished her early morning by cleaning the household. She made sure the living room and kitchen were decent. Entering her room, she began organizing her clothes and items. It didn't last long before she got distracted by doing other things. A knock on the door paused her pace.+

"Jasper?" She greeted as she opened the door.+

Jasper glanced at her clothes before smirking. "Did you forget what we're doing today?"+

Driana quickly pulled out her phone and saw what day it was. "Crap. I forgot Bella's visiting your house."+

"It's understandable," Jasper smiled. "I see you've been busy." He gestured to the broom and mop that leaned against the wall.+

Driana glanced at the utensils before nodding. "Mind if I get ready?"+

"Of course. Edward had spent the night at the Swan house. They're probably not arriving yet."+

"Make yourself comfortable," She told him.+

Driana briskly walked to her room to grab her towel and quickly showered. She wore jeans and slid her arms into a brown jacket that partially covered her white shirt. The girl wore her lucky socks in hopes nothing would go wrong today.+

"I'm ready!" She sang.+

"I borrowed Carlisle's car," Jasper informed her.+

The girl gawked at the blond. "What? Why?"+

"Your emotions whenever we ride my bike makes me laugh," Jasper chuckled.+

"Still," Driana murmured, embarrassed. "I could've gotten used to it in time for you."+

Jasper smiled at her thoughtful gesture. "My lady over anything else."1

She lightly punched Jasper's arm. "Let's go, cheeseball."+

The drive to the Cullen household felt shorter for Driana as she grew accustomed to the distance. Jasper parked in the garage and opened the car door for her. He led Driana inside and upstairs to Carlisle and Esme's library study. Jasper, out of habit, knocked on the door.+

Carlisle sat at his desk with Esme standing at his side. They both looked up as the door opened, hearing the sound of a beating heart. The pair gave warm smiles as Driana entered their view from behind Jasper. Esme walked over first and engulfed the girl in a gentle hug.+

"How are you, dear?"+

Driana hugged her back with a smile. "I'm exceptionally well."+

Esme pulled back, her hands resting on the girl's shoulders. "Would you be entertained to see us cook today?"+

"We've been meaning to use the kitchen," Carlisle added.+

"Sure," Driana laughed. "I can be of help if you'd like."+

"You're too kind," Esme said.+

They entered the kitchen that the Cullens never used. Rosalie sourly sauntered in, followed by Emmett with a slightly exasperated expression. The blonde beauty crossed her arms, glaring at the prepped food by her adopted parents.+

"Is this necessary?" Rosalie asked, unamused. She stared between the food and Driana. "Why didn't we do that for her?" She nodded her head over at Driana.+

"It's to make Bella feel welcomed," Carlisle reasoned.+

"Rose," Esme began. "Bella isn't used to our kind. Driana, on the other hand, is familiar with our family."+

"Besides, would Driana dare to eat the food made by inexperienced chefs?" Emmett joked.+

"Excuse you," Esme said, jokingly offended. "I'm a great cook during my human years."+

Alice bounded the stairs and met with everyone. She welcomed Driana cheek-to-cheek. The family tensed at her greeting bravely again. The pixie-haired girl rolled her eyes at them. "I fed before coming home." She turned to her sister and gestured out the door. "Rose, do you mind waiting outside for me?"+

Rosalie stared at her sister skeptically. "Fine."+

Emmett sent Alice a questioning look, which gave him a hint not to follow the blonde beauty yet. A moment after Rosalie's absence, Alice nodded at Emmett, who left to find her. Alice sheepishly smiled at Driana, who felt lost in the commotion.+

"Edward gave Rosalie a rundown on today's agenda," Alice told the girl. "However, Rosalie decided to sit this one out."+

Driana turned to Carlisle and Esme. "Is there anything I can help with?"+

"We'll be fine," Carlisle smiled at her.+

"How about you and I go for a walk?" Jasper suggested, giving out his arm bravely.+

"Okay," Driana agreed, looping her arm with his.+

Jasper led her to the back where the Calawah River resided. The sounds of the water flowing was their background noise as they neared closer. The blond picked up the closest flower and gently placed it in the girl's hair.+

"Is something troubling you?"+

Driana shrugged. "I'm concerned for Bella and everyone's safety."+

"How thoughtful," Jasper smiled. "Nothing is going to happen. Alice made sure of it."+

"And if something does?"+

Jasper restrained his strength and smoothed down the crease between her furrowed brows. "We'll find a way."+

Jasper and Driana lingered by the river a bit longer. The blond turned to face the house and then smiled at Driana. The girl gently returned the grin once she noticed his slightly worried expression.+

"Don't be nervous," She encouraged him. "I know you've prepared yourself for this. I assume you've fed as Alice did?"+

Jasper nodded in response. "I hope it's enough."+

"It should be," Driana said assuringly. "If it weren't, you wouldn't be able to prove that you can do this."+

Jasper ran a hand through his hair, amazed by how easily vulnerable he could be with her. In all his years, he kept a stoic face. The ability to control and manipulate emotions masked his feelings as well. Yet, one mortal successfully managed to see him this way.+

"Come on," He told Driana. "They're expecting us."+

Carlisle and Esme had finished their introductions. Alice ran down the stairs at an inhuman speed, passing Jasper and Driana, who entered the room. Everyone shared concerned glances at the girls' reaction, but Bella did not react as it wasn't unusual.+

"You do smell nice," Alice complimented the Swan girl.+

Bella's face turned red, feeling flustered. Driana heard Jasper take a deep breath as the blood continued to give color to Bella's cheeks. The girl brushed against his arms, rubbing her fingers against his knuckles for comfort. Jasper used his powers to ease everyone's mood.+

Jasper stepped forward with Driana beside him. He kept a safe distance from Bella. "Hello, Bella."+

"Hi, Jasper," Bella greeted. "Hey, Driana." The girl waved in response enthusiastically. Bella nodded at everyone. "Thanks for having me over in your beautiful home. It's nice to meet everyone."+

"It's lovely to meet you as well," Esme responded. "We hope you're hungry."+

"She already ate," Edward intervened.+

"Of course, she would," Rosalie spoke with a salad bowl in her hands, Emmett trailing behind. "Food would have gone to waste, Edward."+

"It's cause I know you don't eat," Bella defended nervously. She shifted under Rosalie's stare.+

"That's considerate of you," Esme assured her.+

"Bella, don't mind Rose," Edward told the girl.+

The sentence provoked Rosalie. Her vampiric grip caused the bowl to shatter on the floor. Jasper sighed and looked over to Driana, who shrugged. Rosalie fought against Jasper's powers but was slightly calm.+

"Sure," Rosalie scoffed. "Let's also not mind how this isn't dangerous for everyone."+

"Your family's secret will always be safe with me," Driana said.+

Rosalie darted her eyes between the two girls. "Edward can read Driana's mind," The blonde beauty spoke. She stared hard at Bella. "But you? He can't."+

"I- I would never say something," Bella admitted.+

"She knows that," Carlisle told her.+

"You know what else she should know?" Rosalie crossed her arms. "The entire family will be involved if this ends badly."+

"Badly?" Bella said, confused. Her expression became understanding. "As in, I'll become the meal?"+

Her answer had the family chuckling in response. Surprisingly, Rosalie smiled a bit before dropping her grin and cleaning up the mess. Bella pursed her lips, embarrassed. Edward kept a hand on her shoulder as comfort. Bella looked around the room, her eyes landing on the grand piano.+

"Do you play an instrument?" Esme asked.+

Bella shook her head. "No. Although, who does this beautiful piano belong to?"+

"Edward," Jasper answered, smirking devilishly at Edward.+

"I didn't know you play," Bella gawked at him.+

"Edward never told you?" Esme asked, showing disappointment. +

"I know he's talented," Bella teased Edward. "I guess I should've known he has more skills."+

Carlisle hid his laughter, but Jasper and Emmett laughed loudly. Driana snickered at how Bella thought of Edward. The girl paused when she caught Edward's eyes and shrugged innocently. The bronze-haired boy playfully rolled his eyes.+

"It's impolite to show off," Esme began. Rosalie snorted a laugh but stopped once Esme gave her a look. "However, why don't you show her, Edward?"+

Edward's eyes filled with horror. "I thought it was rude to show off?"+

"I'll let it slide," Esme said, guiding him to sit. "Now, play."+

Edward huffed, his face visibly nervous as he tugged Bella beside him. He began hitting the keys, causing both mortal girls' jaws to drop. Jasper glanced at Driana's reaction. He felt himself melting at the girl's mesmerized eyes. The blond caught himself smiling before paying attention to his brother's musical piece.+

"You composed this?" Bella asked as Edward finished.+

"It's for Esme," Edward sheepishly said.+

"It's amazing," Driana complimented.+

Carlisle smiled before turning to Alice. "What's the verdict?"+

"We'll all be great friends," Alice told the family.+

"Alright, well," Edward turned to Bella, then his family. "I'll tour her the rest of the house."+

Everyone left the room one by one. Jasper led Driana up to his room. The girl sat on the familiar seat, playing with the pieces on the chessboard. The blond smirked and thoughtfully taught Driana how to play his and Emmett's version of chess.+

"Driana, I was thinking," He spoke after a while of teaching. "I'd like to meet your mother."+

"Are you afraid?" Jasper questioned the girl.+

The pair were currently heading to lunch. Yesterday, Driana had told Jasper she would answer him tomorrow. But now, the girl had told him she was unsure. The blond respected her decision but was left slightly confused why Driana had no further explanation.+

"It's not that," The girl sighed.+

"I'm sorry." Jasper lightly brushed his hand against hers. "Would you like me to stop being curious?"+

Driana chuckled. "You may continue to be curious. However, I find it embarrassing to tell you."+

"I hardly doubt that, Darling," He told her.+

The girl began feeling flustered. "Well, you know how you've had partners?" Jasper nodded in response. Driana pursed her lips before continuing. "I've dated before."+

The blond smiled. "Is that what you're worried about? Me being upset over that? Darling, your past doesn't matter. I look at the present you."+

"Thanks," Driana said, blushing. "But, it's not that."+

"What is it then?"+

"I'm worried about what my mother will think." +

Driana fiddled with her nails. The girl didn't want Ms. Berold to assume she moved too quickly. Of course, her mother wasn't aware of those times Paul and Driana sometimes lingered around each other. However, the guilt swallowed the girl whole. Had she progressed into dating too soon?+

Jasper massaged the crinkle between her furrowed brows. "I'll prove to her that I am nothing like your first and will leave an impression that'll last."+

The girl shyly grinned. "Let's go, cheeseball."+

"Yet you enjoy it," Jasper teased.+

Entering the cafeteria, they headed toward the blond's family. They excitedly chattered with one another, which brought a smile to Jasper's face. However, Driana, with no superhuman hearing, didn't understand why the family was grinning.+

"Driana!" Alice cheered as the girl sat down. "Spring break is tomorrow. Do you have any plans?"+

"Not that I know of," Driana answered. The girl and her friends hadn't decided what to do. "Is something going on?"+

"We're planning to play baseball," Emmett told her. "Thunder's coming. It'll help shield us."+

"Shield?" The girl asked, bewildered.+

"You'll see what he means," Alice said. "That's if you'd like to come and join us."+

Driana chuckled. "Sure, I'll tag along. But I'll watch instead of play."+

"You'll get to see the muscle," Emmett flexed his arm, "and how my team always wins."+

Alice rolled her eyes. "Not when you're against me."+

Rosalie hid her smile while turning an apple around in her hand. "I'll team up with Jasper and Emmett."+

"You've decided to follow?" Emmett asked, surprised.+

"Edward changed my mind earlier," Rosalie sighed. "He's asked me to tolerate the Swan girl. I don't have to be nice."+

"Initially, you weren't partaking in the game because of Bella?" Driana asked.+

The blonde beauty nodded. "We all know it's difficult for me to be in the same room as her. Although, if I was promised a good game with no issues, then I'll be fine."1

Emmett wrapped an arm around his significant other's shoulder. "Trust me, babe. We'll win."+

Alice snorted a laugh. "We'll see about that."+

Jasper turned toward Driana. "Are you sure you want to come? I don't want you getting sick if it rains."+

"Rain or shine, I'm happy to support you wherever," Driana told him.+

"You want to see me play that badly?" Jasper teased.+

Driana shrugged innocently. "Who knows?"+

"Edward will be driving," Jasper told her.+

"He owes me," Emmett snickered. "He wants me to behave in Bella's presence."+

"You? Behave?" Driana laughed. "That's unnatural."+

"See?" Emmett turned to Rosalie. "Driana understands."+

Rosalie rolled her eyes, crossing her arms. "I'll stay far from Bella as if she's the plague."+

Alice and Emmett shot each other a look before snickering. Rosalie felt herself smile before letting out a laugh. Jasper smirked and glanced at Driana, who looked around the table with no clue. +

"It's an Edward joke," Jasper whispered to her.+

"I heard it," Edward spoke behind the family. He glared slightly at them before nodding his head at Alice. "Anything?"+

Alice became still while Edward furrowed his brows at her. Driana realized they were having a quiet conversation. Despite being unable to hear Alice's thoughts, she looked away to give the siblings privacy. +

"Nothing," Alice answered Edward. "And don't worry about rain, Jazz. The storm's passing over town, and it'll be dry to play."+

"Good," Jasper and Edward said simultaneously. Jasper quickly glanced over at Edward. +

Edward shrugged. "What? At least there'd be no need for an umbrella."+

"Hey," Driana greeted her friends after school.+

"Dri, can you please tell Grace that I'm sorry?" Max whined.+

At Girl's Choice, Grace enjoyed her time with her date, Jason. Unfortunately, Max had mistaken a student for Jason, who flirted with another person. A misunderstood confrontation made Grace embarrassed for the rest of the night. Driana spent hours on the phone listening to the girl's rant.+

"Come on," Driana reasoned. "He was only looking out for you."+

"And Jason isn't talking to me," Grace pouted.+

Max sighed, pinching his nose. "Screw it."+

The male disappeared. Driana and Alex gave Grace a look, who rolled her eyes and crossed her arms in response. They chatted until Max returned, bringing Jason along. Grace straightened her posture, acting as if nothing had bothered her.+

"Hey," Jason awkwardly greeted.+

"We'll give you two some space," Max announced. He ushered Driana and Alex away. "Grace, we'll be at the parking lot."+

The three silently headed over to their parked cars. Max continued to stay quiet, worrying Driana and Alex. They knew Max as someone who would vocalize his issues. Alex coughed, breaking Max out of his thoughts.+

"So?"+

"Anything for Grace," Max answered. He shrugged, staying quiet again.+

Grace and Jason came down the school steps, smiling as they talked. The girl waved goodbye to him, blushing as she did. As Jason left, Grace ran to her friends. She jumped up and down, her excitement never faltering.+

"Jason and I are okay," She said happily.+

"Good," Max flatly said. He got in his vehicle and left.+

Grace stared at the pair, confused. "I was gonna thank him."+

"You ignored him instead of communicating with him," Alex pointed out.+

"For days," Driana added.+

Grace groaned out of frustration. "I'll go to his house and apologize." The girl got in her car, rolling the window down. "I'll see you guys over the break!"+

Alex started the engine and drove off. Driana sighed. "This break is going to suck."+

"You said it," Alex muttered. "It'll take the whole break to get them talking again." He looked over at the girl, smirking. "Bet you'll have fun with the Cullens."+

Driana playfully rolled her eyes. "Yeah, yeah."+

"Do you know what they're planning to do?"+

The girl shook her head. "Nope. I haven't the slightest clue. All I know is I'll be with the whole family."+

Alex whistled. "Good terms with the family? I smell wedding bells."+

"Shut up, Lex."+

The following day, Driana lazily got out of bed. She took her time eating, even showering slowly. It wasn't until a phone call raised her spirits. The girl eagerly answered, her voice shaking as she spoke.+

"Hello?"+

Jasper chuckled on the other end. "Are you okay?"+

"Yeah," She said shyly. "Our first phone call."+

"Indeed it is," Jasper said. "Another good news, my family would like our baseball game to be today."+

"Baseball with vampires?" Driana teasingly said. "Sounds a bit unfair with two humans."+

Jasper smirked. "No worries, Darling. I'll make sure to win the game for you."+

Driana blushed out of embarrassment. "Cheeseball."+

"Edward and I will head to you after getting Bella."+

A moment after, there was a knock on her door. Driana snuggled herself against Jasper's windbreaker and opened the door. Jasper's eyes trailed from the jacket up to her beaming face. He couldn't help but smile in return.+

"You look good," He complimented.+

"When do I not?" Driana joked.+

Jasper stared into the distance before smirking. "You've made Edward laugh."+

"Let's not make them wait," Driana told him.+

Side by side, they teasingly nudged each other as they walked to Emmett's jeep. The girl's smile brightened as she saw the familiar brunette sitting at the passenger side. Bella Swan waved, looking embarrassed as she pointed out the harness that buckled her in the seat.+

"Better safe than sorry," Bella spoke.+

"I'm with you on that," Driana agreed, strapping herself in. "Our fragile bones are no match for their invincible bodies."+

Edward and Jasper quirked a brow at her. "Who told you that?" Jasper asked.+

"I think you're forgetting about vampires being immortal," Driana pointed out.+

Bella laughed softly, earning a playful eye-roll from Edward. Jasper relaxed into the seat, enjoying the energy radiating from his brother and Bella. He turned to Driana, interlocking their pinkies.+

"I can hear your thoughts," Edward told Jasper.+

Jasper slightly glared at his brother. "Just drive, lover boy."+

Edward chuckled, starting the engine and driving far to their destination.+

A long drive on the off-road tracks droned on forever. Jasper absorbed the calm emotions that flowed through Driana's mind. She would glance at Jasper with a smile, then continue feeling at peace as she stared at the trees.+

Edward, who had no luck hearing Bella's mind, tuned in to Jasper and Driana's thoughts. He'd grip the steering wheel as he felt sympathy for Driana. Although, he held his tongue as it wasn't his story to tell.1

"We'll have to walk from here," Jasper announced as Edward parked the car near the trail's end.+

"You know what?" Bella sheepishly spoke. "I'll just wait here."+

"Sorry, Bella, we have to go on foot," Edward apologized.+

The four got out of the vehicle. Bella's face began to turn a pale shade. Jasper eased her nerves, helping the girl's anxiousness. Driana encouraged Bella, reminding her that Edward would keep her safe.+

"Driana and I will meet you there," Jasper told them, interlocking pinkies with Driana.+

Edward nodded in response. Jasper guided Driana through the forest packed with firs. Once again, the blond drowned himself in the girl's serene mood. However, it didn't help that a question itched in Jasper's head.+

"I tend to forget you guys have abilities," Driana spoke, staring ahead. "I know Edward had heard my thoughts. I bet you felt his sudden twist of emotions."+

"Correct," Jasper answered.+

The girl sighed. "It's a long walk. I can fill you in."+

"Are you sure?" Jasper furrowed his brows in concern.+

"Yes." Driana smiled in assurance. "My father was still around when I was about five or six. My mom and father argued in the car. The shouting made me confused and slightly scared. I remember staring at the door handle as I couldn't see out the window." The girl chuckled grimly. "Last thing that happened was my father turned around, yelling my name. My panic rose as I saw oncoming headlights crashing into our vehicle. The police came, and a kind officer soothed me by facing me toward the forest and telling me that nature helps calm us down. I fell asleep in their arms under the night sky."+

Jasper couldn't find words to comfort her. The emotions that came from her hit him hard. He was unable to imagine what Edward had seen. Although if he did, Jasper would struggle to contain his feelings. Driana turned to him and lightly laughed.+

"Jasper, I'm fine," The girl pressed. She shrugged. "As for my father, I never knew if he was okay. He spent his time in the hospital, then he vanished. No one knew where he went. I've had people tell me they've seen him. Since I had no glimpse of him, I never believed them."3

The blond ran a hand through his hair, respectfully not altering her emotions. He allowed her feelings to pile through. Jasper was able to feel herself turn numb toward the memories. Yet, he could sense parts of regret and bitterness she tried to hide.+

"My mother blamed herself," Driana continued. "She believed it was her fault that he left because they argued. As for me, I blamed myself. I knew I was a small part of that argument. The fight that caused the crash."+

"You," Jasper interrupted. "Shouldn't have to blame yourself. The young should not be the cause of an adult's problem. You were in the crossfire."+

Driana softly chuckled. "Thanks, cheeseball."+

They continued walking until a vast space of grass came into view. The family had begun bringing their baseball gear down. Carlisle carried the diamonds and started placing them on the ground. Alice enthusiastically waved them over.+

"Hi!" The pixie-haired girl greeted.+

"Hey," Driana returned, wearing the same smile.+

"Want to see my moves?" Alice demonstrated some of her plans and positions.+

"Already showing off?" Jasper scoffed. "Careful, they might not help you on the field."+

Alice rolled her eyes and crossed her arms. "Better watch yourself, Jazz. Any decision you'll make, and I'll see it coming." She tapped her temple twice.+

Jasper snorted a laugh, which made Alice playfully fight him. Driana awkwardly smiled, going along with everything. Sparing her feelings, Edward and Bella finally arrived. Rosalie left Emmett and Esme's side, marching to where Driana stood.+

"As soon as the game starts, I'll be fine," Rosalie grumbled. Driana smiled in response, causing Rosalie to look at Jasper and Alice. She frowned and guided Driana away. "How are you?"+

"I'm doing great," The girl responded.+

Rosalie smirked. "I'll one-up you by feeling confident that my team will win."+

Alice and Jasper broke free from their scuffling. The pixie-haired girl skipped to where Bella, Edward, Esme, and Emmett were. The sound of thunder rumbled, breaking the silence. Alice bounded over, dragging Edward behind her.+

"It's time!" She yelled.+

She and Emmett raced toward where Carlisle was waiting. Driana gasped at their speed, still amazed at their ability. Jasper and Rosalie slightly winced at her reaction. Carlisle gave a pointed look at Emmett and Alice before slyly glancing at Edward.+

"So," Edward spoke as he joined the three. "Ready for a game?"+

"Don't forget," Rosalie smirked. "Jasper and Emmett are on my team."+

Edward, Jasper, and Rosalie suddenly chuckled. +

"Esme says we don't have good sportsmanship," Edward informed Driana, who looked lost.+

"May the best team win," Driana playfully cheered.+

"You and Bella are umpires," Jasper told the girl, placing a baseball cap on her head. He smirked at her, slightly brushing his hand against hers before heading to Carlisle.+

"We only need one," Rosalie groaned before following her brother.+

"Call 'em as you 'em, girls," Esme smiled.+

Driana and Bella giggled at each other, preparing themselves for the game.+

"We'll bat," Rosalie announced.+

Carlisle, Alice, and Edward hurried to their positions on the field. Alice moved onto the mound, preparing to pitch the ball. Emmett excitedly jumped, swinging the bat around as he anticipated the ball.+

"Batter up!" Esme called.+

Alice threw the ball, and Emmett swung, missing his timing from being impatient. Esme swiftly caught the ball, throwing it back to Alice. Driana gawked at their strength and reflex. No doubt the whole family could win against baseball leagues.+

"Strike!" Driana yelled.+

"That was a strike?" Bella asked.+

"If they don't hit it, it's a strike," Esme kindly said.+

Alice pitched again, and Emmett made contact with the ball. However, Edward left and returned in a few blinks of an eye, retrieving the ball and throwing it to Esme. The matriarch told Driana to call Emmett out before he even reached the first base.+

"Despite Emmett hitting the hardest," Esme explained, "Edward's the fastest."+

Driana caught Bella smiling widely, and she nudged the girl teasingly. Bella made a face of embarrassment and shook her head, hiding behind her hair. Jasper was up next, pulling off a few moves with the baseball bat in his hand before winking at Driana.+

Jasper stared hard at Alice, who smirked at him as she pitched. He managed to swing, and Carlisle captured the ball, racing after Jasper, who nearly missed the first base. Emmett let out an amused cheer, causing Driana to laugh.+

"Safe!" Bella confidently declared.+

Bella took a couple of steps back as it was Rosalie's turn. It was evident on Rosalie's face that she didn't enjoy Bella's presence, who stood behind her. Rosalie missed the first pitch, blinded by her distaste for Bella. As the bat collided with the second pitch, a commotion untrained to the human eye confused Driana and Bella. Alice tagged Jasper and stuck her tongue out at the blond. Rosalie had managed to get to second base.+

"Out!" Driana spoke.+

Emmett, a bat in hand, had a look of concentration as he walked up to the home base.+

"Bring her home, Em," Driana encouragingly said.+

Emmett threw her a smile before gripping the bat. Alice pitched the ball, and Emmett hit it, causing it to soar through the sky. Edward looked displeased as Rosalie made it to home base, throwing the ball back at Esme. Bella applauded in surprise, and Driana cheered loudly. Rosalie smirked, admiring the attention.+

It was time to switch positions. Jasper threw another wink at Driana before taking his place on the field. Edward made his way over to where the two human girls stood behind Esme. He held a smile on his face as he heard Driana's mind betting his team would win today.+

"Enjoying yourself?" Edward questioned Bella.+

"Yeah," Bella answered. "Although, I am quite disappointed. There must be one thing you can't do better than everyone else."+

Driana chuckled. "Pretend we're not even here."+

Edward playfully rolled his eyes before announcing that it was his turn. The game went on, never failing to amaze both the human girls. Driana felt herself falling deep into her feelings as she watched Jasper in his element, maneuvering around the field. She tried controlling her emotions and thoughts as she knew Jasper and Edward would tease her later.+

"Oh!" Alice suddenly grunted.+

Then, everyone halted and gathered together. The family's words needed to be more coherent for Bella and Driana to hear. Driana felt unease as she noticed the glances the Cullens and Hales threw at her and Bella. It didn't help that the word 'they' was thrown in. Edward and Jasper came over to the girls as an act of shield.+

"How soon?" Carlisle asked Edward.+

"Less than five minutes," Edward answered.+

"They're running here because they want to play," Alice spoke.+

"Can you make it?" Carlisle inquired, glancing over at Driana and Bella.+

"We can't," Edward responded. +

Driana couldn't help but stare at everyone else. She could only imagine where they were staring at. Jasper tried calming down their emotions, despite feeling panicked. His face screamed stress, mimicking the same expression on Edward's face.+

"How many?" Emmett questioned Alice.+

"Three," Alice sourly said.+

"Ha!" Emmett scoffed. "Let them come."+

"Edward," Esme cautiously called him. She stayed quiet, asking a question in her mind.+

He shook his head in response, slightly relieving Esme. The bronze-haired boy never left Bella's side. Jasper did the same, and Driana would run her knuckles against his arm to soothe him. The family warily watched the forest, not straying too far from each other. Alice protectively stood near Bella and Driana, receiving gratitude from her brothers.+

Edward suddenly moved in front of Bella, Jasper mimicking him a second after by hiding Driana. Driana slowed her breathing to ease her mind, quieting her beating heart. Jasper continued to grasp Driana's hand, afraid she'd disappear.+

"Move your hair around," Edward ordered Bella, who began hiding behind her hair.+

"Like that'll help," Rosalie scoffed, "I could smell her across the field."+

"I know!" Edward growled.+

Rosalie rolled her eyes at Edward, glancing at Driana before standing near Alice. Emmett positioned himself side by side against his angel. Carlisle stood in front of his family with Esme right by him.+

"They're coming," Alice whispered.+

Three strangers entered the clearing. The first male began advancing but fell back as he allowed a dark-haired man to take the lead. The last person was a woman, her fiery red hair being the most distinct feature. The first male stared at the family with wary eyes. The woman slightly cowered, yet the dark-haired man acted the opposite.+

"We thought we heard a game," The dark-haired man spoke with a slight French accent. "I believe this belongs to you." He threw the missing ball over to Carlisle, who swiftly caught it.+

"Thank you," Carlisle responded.+

"I am Laurent," The man greeted. He gestured to the blond man and red-haired woman on either side of him. "These are James and Victoria."+

"I'm Carlisle," The patriarch greeted. "This is my family. Esme, Alice and Rosalie, Jasper and Emmett, Driana and Bella, and Edward."+

Driana continued to still her beating heart. She held back a smile when Carlisle introduced herself and Bella as part of his family. The gesture made the girl feel safer with the Cullens and Hales than ever, except the strangers. Their eyes were a deep red color. An unpleasant thought crossed Driana's mind, causing Edward to shift slightly. She imagined blood.+

"What's your hunting range?" Laurent casually asked.+

"The Olympic Range down to the Coast Ranges," Carlisle answered. "We have a permanent residence nearby. There's another nearby in Denali. If you'd like, you can come to our home, and we can explain how we've managed."+

"That sounds very welcoming," Laurent agreed. "A permanent residence? Our hunt had begun from Ontario."+

"Ah, yes," Carlisle acknowledged. "We try to stay unnoticed. However, your hunting activities have caused quite a stir for us."+

"We won't trespass on your territory, only passing through," Laurent assured. "We have fed in Seattle, anyway."+

Driana felt her breath hitch before trying to gain control. She took note of Jasper's stillness, obviously focused on controlling the situation before it escalated. The girl kept hidden, not wanting Jasper to lose concentration.+

"Do you have room for a few more players?" Laurent inquired. "Just one game."+

Everyone awaited Carlisle's response, who smiled. "Sure, why not? A few of us were leaving. You can take their place. We'll bat first." Carlisle tossed the ball, and Victoria caught it. She looked less alarmed when she first arrived.+

"I'm the one with the wicked curve ball," She said arrogantly.+

"We can handle that," Emmett matched her tone.+

Everyone chuckled before the family and the strangers dispersed. Carlisle nodded at his sons to get the girls out of the field. Jasper did his best to continue his powers while leading Driana away. Then, a light breeze came.+

"You brought a snack," James spoke, smiling devilishly at Bella. +

He lurched forward, and the peace disappeared. The Cullens and Hales crouched down in protection mode, surrounding the girls. Driana lowered her cap down and shielded Bella behind her. Her actions didn't comfort Edward or Jasper, only making them more on edge with jaws clenched.+

"What is this?" Laurent spoke, confused.+

The three strangers looked past Driana and straight at Bella. The family realized the three hadn't caught a whiff of Driana's scent. Jasper took this as an opportunity to conceal Driana. Victoria lost all sense of calm, looking ready to escape. James and Edward glared at one another, alert to pounce on the other if necessary. Though, Laurent posed no threat but curiosity.+

"It's a human."+

"The girl is with us," Carlisle spoke, his friendly tone gone.+

"I see the game is over," Laurent said. "However, we'd like to accept the invitation to your home. We will not hunt in your territory or harm the girl." He ignored the death stare that James sent him. "We have a lot to learn about each other."+

"Of course," Carlisle said calmly. "We'll show you the way."+

James stood straight up, and Edward followed after. Both vampires never broke contact. Driana looked over to Carlisle, who concealed a hesitant expression. Edward's brows furrowed as if opposing his father's decision. Driana could see him slightly incline his head in Jasper's direction.+

"Jasper, Rosalie, Esme?" Carlisle called out for them. +

Driana understood now. She and Jasper would separate until then. The blond had an agitated look on his face. He threw an apologetic look at Driana, who nodded in understanding. He didn't want to leave her. Not now, not when he vowed to protect her. Although, he couldn't disobey Carlisle. The blond followed his family and the two strangers who readied to leave. James took another chance, glimpsing at Bella before Emmett and Alice blocked his view. He sinisterly smiled at Edward before leaving with his coven and the family.+

"Let's go, Bella," Edward said. He grabbed the frozen girl by the elbow. +

Edward nodded at Driana, and the girl followed. Emmett stood close to Driana as a guard. Alice was in front, leading the group into the forest. Safely hidden in the treeline, Edward carried Bella while Emmett offered Driana a piggyback ride. With their vampiric speed, they raced to where Edward parked the jeep.+

"That sucked," Driana wheezed out, motion-sick.+

The girl got in the jeep, wanting to relax. Edward tossed Bella into the backseat, ordering Emmett to strap the girl in. Alice hadn't spoken yet, quietly sitting in the passenger side. Edward started the vehicle and sped off. The bronze-haired brother started muttering, pissed. Bella looked queasy with his driving, while Driana didn't mind. All she thought of were where everyone else could be. She only imagined them running in the forest.+

"Where are we going?" Bella asked, not receiving a response. "Edward, turn around!"+

"We're getting you far from here," Edward responded coldly.+

Bella began thrashing in the seat, trying to unbuckle herself, but Emmett held her hands. "Edward, take me home!"+

Driana sighed. "Don't you understand, Bella? Your life is in danger after being threatened by that vampire named James. You have no home."1

The three siblings and the girls proceeded back to Forks. Bella and Edward devised a plan which involved the girl lying to her father, Charlie, the chief. Edward allowed the girl fifteen minutes to say whatever she could to Chief Swan and pack. Driana stayed in Emmett's jeep the whole time. The girl did whatever she could to lay low, even doing her best to calm her heartbeat if the tracker heard her.+

Finally, they arrived at the Cullens. Emmett opened the passenger side of his jeep where Driana sat. He carefully helped her out of the vehicle, bringing her inside the house. Jasper quickly came into her view, his body colliding against Driana's, almost knocking the wind out of her as he did his best not to crush her in a hug. The girl felt herself wrap her arms around his waist. It felt more meaningful, as it was their first hug.+

Emmett came in with Bella and snarled. Driana broke free from the hug and peered behind Jasper's figure. The baseball cap caused her to tilt her head up and, in panic, made her hide as she saw Laurent in the center of the family room. Carlisle gave an assuring look, and Emmett calmed down, never leaving the two girls' side.+

"He's tracking us," Edward spoke.+

"I was afraid that might happen," Laurent commented. "I'm sorry."+

"Can you stop him?" Carlisle inquired.+

"Nothing stops James when he begins."+

"We can," Emmett growled.+

Laurent sighed. "I've never seen anything like him in my three-hundred years. He's lethal. Don't underestimate Victoria or James. Brilliant minds and unparalleled senses."+

"You're going to make a choice," Carlisle told him.+

Laurent looked hesitant. "I've decided to take up your offer by visiting the clan in Denali you speak of. I'm truly sorry for what has happened here."+

"You may go," Carlisle commanded, giving a nod as a farewell.+

Laurent's eyes briefly swept across the room in relief. Jasper used his power to conceal Driana from the stranger's gaze. It worked successfully, and Laurent quickly left the Cullen home. Everyone turned to Carlisle, awaiting his response.+

"We need a plan," He spoke.+

Carlisle proceeded to move back into the garage. Everyone followed his lead, on edge yet poised. Jasper kept a protective hand on Driana's lower back. The girl didn't deserve to be in the crossfire. No, he couldn't let that happen. The blond invited her to a baseball game, not an untimely death.+

"Alice and I can run Bella and Driana south," Edward spoke.+

"No," Jasper disagreed. He tugged Driana behind him to keep her away, making the girl run her knuckles up and down his arm for comfort. "They haven't caught on to Driana's scent. It would be more dangerous if we added Driana. Surely that'll be more enticing for the tracker."+

"Edward," Carlisle called out to his son.+

"I can lead Bella south," Alice intervened.+

"You can't," Edward whined.+

"Safe chances?" Carlisle asked her.+

"Positive," Alice confirmed, making Edward feel defeated.+

Edward began rummaging through Bella's duffel bag. He pulled out a jacket and made eye contact with Rosalie. The blonde beauty snarled at him in response, glaring at Edward as she gave him a piece of her mind.+

"What is she to me?" Rosalie growled, shrugging off Emmett's hand, who tried calming her down. "She's inflicted danger upon us- our family!"+

Driana flinched at Rosalie's voice, unexpected at her tone. Bella reacted as if Rosalie had slapped her. Carlisle sighed and went between his first son and daughter to ease the situation. +

"Rose," Carlisle warned. "Bella's with Edward. She's part of this family now. We protect our family."+

Rosalie grunted in response, hesitating as she stared at the ground with Bella's jacket in her hands. Driana pursed her lips, unable to speak loudly. She softly called out the blonde beauty's name. The blonde beauty shifted her head, indicating that she was listening. +

"Rosalie?" Driana whispered, trying to keep her voice private. "This is not how I want to die. I still want to live."+

The sentence was enough for Rosalie to shrug on Bella's jacket. The blonde beauty glared one last time at Edward before trudging to Emmett's jeep and impatiently waiting inside. Edward gave Driana a thankful expression before asking Esme to change Bella's shirt to throw off her scent.+

"Rosalie and Emmett will be with me as we hunt the tracker once Bella is clear," Edward spoke.+

"Esme and Carlisle will watch over Charlie," Alice added.+

Driana closed her eyes, grimacing at the thought that entered her mind. She turned to Jasper. "Perhaps you should go with Alice."+

"What?" Jasper exclaimed, staring at Driana incredulously. "I won't leave you."+

"Think about it," Driana reasoned. "You were able to conceal me against the three strangers. You can do the same for Bella."+

"I can't," Jasper whispered. +

The family paused at Jasper's vulnerable state. It was the first they had seen someone so stoic break down. Edward sympathized with his brother, relating in a way that he wouldn't want to leave someone important behind.+

"Jasper," Alice called out to him. "It could help better the chances. Esme and Carlisle will keep Driana safe."+

The blond groaned, agitated. If whatever Jasper did meant protecting his family and his darling, he'll do it. He turned to Driana, hands on her shoulders, and softly kissed her forehead. Driana shut her eyes, wishing nothing but safety for everyone.+

"I've assigned everyone vehicles," Carlisle announced. "Let's go."+

Esme carefully ushered Driana inside the car. The girl caught Jasper's eyes, and he assuringly smiled at her before driving off with Alice and Bella.+

Driana hadn't realized her heart rate had risen until she noticed she'd been picking at her fingernails. The girl sighed, forcing herself to stop by clenching her fists. She stared out the window, tapping her foot restlessly against the car floor.+

"You alright?"+

The girl faked an assuring smile. "Are you, Lex?"+

Alex feigned being offended. "Of course I am."+

It had been a day since the confrontation with the tracker, James. There was no communication between the Cullen family and Driana. The poor girl had no clue what was going on. She had convinced Esme and Carlisle of her plan that promised to keep her safe. After a while of convincing, Carlisle messaged Alice about Driana's future. The pixie-haired girl replied that Driana would be safe with her decision. The couple didn't want to leave the girl unprotected. They saw it as losing another daughter. As Driana promised, she's unharmed and in a vehicle with Alex, who parked at a familiar house.+

A tall figure with long black hair bounded out of the house. The boy waved as Alex and Driana got out of the car. "I was wondering when you'd come back."+

Alex greeted him with a one-armed hug, laughing. "We're here, anyway."+

The boy turned to Driana, stretching out his arms. "Hey, Driana!"+

The girl smiled and returned the hug. "Embry, nice seeing you again."+

"Come on," Embry invited. "My mom made tacos."+

"Sweet," Alex breathed out happily.+

The aroma of tacos entered their noses as the three entered through the door. It was a studio-type home, perfect for Embry and his mother, Tiffany Call. She moved around in the kitchen, her hair tied loosely, swinging as it followed her quick movements.+

"Alex!" She greeted, hugging the boy. She examined the curly-haired brunette before cupping his cheeks. "Start convincing your mom to let you come over more."+

Tiffany Call, a member of the Makah tribe, is a single mother. She and Alex's mother are first cousins. When Tiffany Call moved to the Quileute Reservation, Alex's mother worried for her when she heard the news. Both women reunited years after. It wasn't peaceful for either of them in the beginning. Alex's mother relocated from Tiffany's home to Forks, feeling mistreated by others who commented on the woman being one-fourth Native American. Tiffany dealt with being an outsider by the same people who questioned why she had transferred. However, it didn't stop the two from being strong and supporting each other.+

"Driana!" Tiffany cheered. "How are you?"+

"Hungry," Driana humored.+

"Help yourself to the tacos," Tiffany gestured. "Embry, go get some Pepsi's for them."+

Embry obediently listened to his mother. He carried the drinks and set them on a wooden coffee table in the connected living room. The three readied their tacos and sat on the floor, as Tiffany Call didn't enjoy any mess on the couch. Embry changed the channels on the television and used the sound as a background.+

"What has everyone been up to?" Alex asked.+

Embry quietly ate the taco, chewing in thought. "Nothing interesting has been going on." He swallowed thickly, eyes going wide. "Except- Sam Uley."+

Driana paused at the name. "What about him?"+

"The elders were talking nasty about him." Embry shook his head in disbelief. "They think he's forming some sort of gang."+

Alex laughed. "A gang?"+

"Yep," Embry breathed out. "Even that funny guy, Jared Cameron."+

"Oh?" Driana drank her drink, pretending she knew nothing.+

"Even-" Embry stopped himself, shaking his head. "Never mind."+

Alex quirked a brow. "Someone else we know joined the gang?"+

Embry nodded his head at Driana, furrowing his brows at Alex. "It's you-know-who, but I won't say his name."+

Alex gasped. "Paul?!"+

Embry whacked Alex's arm. "Dude! She's right there."+

Driana snorted a laugh. "It's okay, Em."+

"She's with someone else," Alex informed. "His name's Jasper Ha-"+

Driana kicked his foot, shaking her head. Embry's eyes widened, setting his plate of tacos down. Alex frowned, upset that both had attacked him.+

"You moved on?" Embry inquired. "Wow. With Paul joining that gang and barely being seen for the past months meant your break-up hit him pretty hard."+

Driana shrugged, amused at how she knew the truth but swore to secrecy. "His life, I guess."+

"When can I meet this 'Jasper' guy?"+

The girl shook her head. "Nope. Besides, I don't want to risk gossip flying around."+

Embry hummed, nodding in agreement before continuing to eat. "That's fair."+

"He's a gentleman," Alex complimented. He stared at Driana, wiggling his brows. "Jasper," He sang.+

Driana raised her fist as a joke and scowled. Embry and Alex snickered at her reaction.+

"How was the baseball game?" Alex questioned.+

"Fun! I enjoyed it," The girl lied, trying to sound convincing.+

"Are you hanging out with him soon?"+

The girl shrugged. "His family decided to take a road trip. They'll be back soon."+

Soon. That's all the girl hoped for.+

Driana felt herself going insane. She had been in the dark for too long, more than she liked. The girl had played it safe by sleeping over at Embry's house on the Quileute Reservation. The three strangers, even the Cullens, were unaware of her whereabouts. That's what made her feel confident in surviving.+

When Alex had to return to Forks, Driana went to Clearwater's residence for one night. Ms. Berold didn't mind her daughter enjoying her freedom. After all, she wanted her daughter to enjoy her life as much as she could, as they lived in a small town. As long as Driana informed her mother of her plans, communication is, without a doubt, key.+

"Let's eat!" Sue Clearwater announced. +

She entered Leah's room, looking unimpressed as both girls were still asleep. The woman sighed, shaking her first-born awake, who groggily muttered words before falling back asleep. Driana woke up with ease, hearing movement in the room. She sat up straight before greeting Sue.+

"I'll wake up Seth," Sue told her. She gestured toward Leah. "Please wake this girl up."+

"On it, Aunty Sue," Driana snickered.+

When the woman left to wake up Seth, Driana did her best to wake up Leah. Sounds of Seth protesting and Sue forcing her son awake made it harder for the girl to focus as she continued laughing. Leah rose from the bed, annoyed at the noises coming from her brother's room.+

"I can never get peace in this house," Leah grumbled.+

"You do live here," Driana joked. "Come on, let's eat."+

Leah pulled the covers off her body, and Driana helped her up. The pair entered the kitchen, giggling at Seth, who crossed his arms and rolled his eyes. It was visible which sibling didn't enjoy their mornings.+

"Your dad went out early and surprisingly brought deer," Sue informed. "I already cooked the backstraps."+

Seth sprung back to life at the mention of food and began eating. Leah shook her head at his actions and gracefully ate, followed by Driana. Hours passed, time well spent. It didn't stop Driana from worrying about the Cullens and Bella.+

"You ready to go?" Harry Clearwater asked the girl.+

Driana picked up the bag. "Yep!"+

"Visit us soon," Leah told her.+

She hugged the girl, and Driana returned the embrace. Seth roughly moved his sister aside and beamed at his older friend with a bright smile. Leah scoffed, staring at her mom for some support. Sue scolded her son, causing Seth to pout.+

"Bye, bye," Seth sadly spoke, waving at Driana.+

The girl chuckled, standing on her toes and ruffling his hair. "Bye, Seth."+

Driana followed Harry and Sue out of the house and into the car. The couple needed to visit Forks for an errand and decided to use this time to offer the girl a ride. It was either them or Ms. Berold who would bring Driana back home.+

"How's your mom?" Sue asked.+

"She's good and tired."+

Sue tsked in response. "Remind her to slow down when it comes to work."+

"I've thought of working to ease her stress."+

Harry shook his head. "You still got school, kid."+

Driana laughed. "Yes, Uncle."+

"Good."+

Driana never felt out of place with the Clearwater family since she had known them when she was twelve. Sue pitied the overworked mother at the diner while their young child silently waited for her in a booth. Leah was with Sue, asking if she could play with the little girl around her age. Both mothers communicated over their share of parenthood. It was that day which caused both families to create a friendship.+

"Alright," Harry spoke, parking the car in front of Driana's home.+

"Here, take some meat." Sue gave the girl sandwich bags filled with deer meat. "Greet your mom for us."+

"Stay safe out there," Harry told her. "You never know what danger lurks ahead."+

Driana hid the grim expression on her face, never forgetting the threat from the strangers in Bella's life and possibly hers should they notice her. The girl waved goodbye, feeling her breath hitch as she exited the vehicle. She was afraid that either Victoria or James would capture her. Entering the house, she quickly locked the door and double-checked every room they had in case an intruder was hiding. The girl pulled out her phone, dialing a number. She waited for the other end to speak, not risking if someone else had the phone in their hands.+

"Hello?"+

Driana sighed in relief.+

"Uhm, hello?" The voice repeated.+

"Mom," Driana spoke quietly. "I'm home."+

"Oh, I'm still at work. While you wait for me, there's food in the kitchen."+

"Okay, love you! Bye."+

"I love you," Ms. Berold told her, ending the call.+

A figure outside her house made the girl freeze. They found her. The girl quietly entered the kitchen, grabbing a small knife. She held it outward against her chest. The attacker would get stabbed should they plan to lunge at her. Rapid knocks came from the door, and the girl's heartbeat quickened. There was no use in slowing it down for it to be quieter. She swung the door open, and she discarded the knife.+

"Darling," Jasper greeted, hugging the girl.+

"Jazz!" Driana cheered, returning the hug as if her husband returned from the war.+

"These are killing me," Driana complained.+

"You'll manage," Grace assured her.+

"As if," Driana scoffed. "I don't wear heels higher than this."+

Alex knocked on the door. "Are you ready?"+

Driana swung the door open. "Let's get this over with."+

Ms. Berold awaited her daughter and friends in the living room. She smiled happily, seeing how they looked more mature in their attire. Grace and Alex shamelessly began posing while Driana covered her face in embarrassment.+

"Join them," Ms. Berold ushered her daughter.+

"Mom!" Driana grumbled, hiding behind her friends.+

"Don't be like that," Ms. Berold scolded. "Picture time!"+

The three huddled together, changing their poses and positions every time the camera flashed. Ms. Berold took more photos before following the trio out of the house to see them leave. They agreed to take Grace's car instead of carpooling. What better way to celebrate than being in one car with your friends?+

"Drive safe!" Ms. Berold told them.+

"We will!" Alex and Grace said.+

Driana stuck her head out the window. "Love you, Mom!"+

The music resonated as Grace turned up the volume. Screaming at the top of their lungs, it wasn't unusual as folks would be aware that Forks High School currently had an event. Prom. Grace managed to find parking, thankful they only had to cross the street.+

"Party!" Alex shouted.+

The cafeteria had students crowding the space. People were dancing, while others opted to be in groups. Teachers and staff huddled around their tables, looking for any disturbances as they tried to have fun. Max entered the cafeteria. He adjusted his suit, his hair disheveled as a look. He waved at his friends, having them take pictures at the photo booth.+

"Pst," Alex nudged Driana. "Turn around."+

The girl whipped around, gawking at the sight. Jasper raised a brow at her with a charming smile. His hair was slightly sleek and pushed back. The suit matched him perfectly. Driana felt herself blush under the weight of his stare. He held a white corsage waiting in his hand.+

"We'll be around," Grace teased, pushing Driana forward and pulling Alex and Max away.+

Jasper casually approached the girl. "Hey, beautiful." He chuckled when he felt her emotions swirl around.+

Driana tried avoiding eye contact, knowing it would worsen her beating heart. "Stop, you're making me blush."+

"When do I not?" Jasper humored.+

"Cheeseball." The girl lightly smacked his arm, knowing it'd make no effect. "You look great."+

"And you look amazing," Jasper complimented. "Visually stunning, gorgeous-"+

"I get it," The girl chuckled.+

"May I?" Jasper asked, gesturing to the corsage. Driana nodded in response, allowing his cold hands to work around her wrist as he placed the corsage. "Beautiful."+

Driana nodded in agreement. "Flowers are pretty."+

"I meant you."+

"Jasper," The girl groaned in annoyance, secretly melting. "If you're going to flirt, do it another time."+

"And I have a lot of that," He humored.+

Jasper and Driana walked around the cafeteria, commenting on the decor and occasionally stopping by the food and drink vendors. They took a few photos before standing on the edge of the dance floor. Emmett and Rosalie began showing off their dance skills in the middle of the room. Alice happily danced alone, pulling moves that no modern human had seen. Then again, she was part of a different time. Jasper smirked at Driana, and the girl shook her head.+

The blond stuck out his hand, gentleman-like as always. "May I have this dance with you?"+

Driana huffed, unable to say no. Besides, she found it impossible to reject a moment like this, a moment with him. She played along, placing her hand in his and acting courtly. Jasper chuckled at her, never failing to be amused by her.+

"Yes, you may," The girl spoke.+

Jasper led her to the dance floor, where his siblings hogged the attention. Who knew the reserved family that barely spoke to anyone was this outgoing? All eyes were on them, too intimidated to get close as they outshone everyone as they danced.+

"Feeling shy?" Jasper asked the girl.+

Driana smirked at him challengingly. "Lead me, and I'll keep up."+

Jasper's eyebrows raised in surprise before turning into an impressed look. He twirled the girl around, who effortlessly spun back into his arms. After Driana had implied she dances, she and Jasper moved in sync. Time slowed for the both of them, their eyes focused on each other while having fun. They hadn't even realized Bella and Edward arrived, dancing slowly beside them.+

"Enjoying yourself?" Driana teased.+

"Of course," Jasper said confidently. "You're right here. Why else wouldn't I enjoy tonight?"+

Driana shrugged. "Just thought you planned a surprise."+

Jasper threw her a knowing look, and the girl's eyes widened. He never runs out of surprises, doesn't he? Edward chuckled at the side, earning a playful glare from the short girl, and acted as if he didn't read her mind.+

"I'll need to excuse myself from my friends," Driana told him.+

Jasper chuckled. "No need. I told them in advance."+

Driana rolled her eyes. Of course, he would. Jasper led her out of the cafeteria and to the school parking lot. His white motorcycle reflected against the moonlight. The girl gave a pointed look at the blond, who stared innocently.+

"If we were both born around my human years," Jasper explained, preparing the helmets. "We would've gone horseback riding."+

"Such a cowboy," Driana joked. "Riding into the sunset does sound romantic."+

"It was what I intended for tonight," Jasper chuckled. "It's obvious I couldn't rent a horse. However, let's think of this as today's version."+

Driana took the helmet, placing it on her head. "Every day is romantic with you. I wouldn't have it any other way."+

Despite wanting to ride fast, Jasper despised the thought of Driana's off-shoulder maroon-colored dress flying around, possibly revealing anything underneath. He adored the way the dress complimented her skin tone. The blond imagined himself as her fair knight, protecting the royal princess. He took his time heading to the place he had in mind. Jasper immersed himself in Driana's emotions. The way her heart quickened as she thought of him. How the scenery never failed to calm her down. As her arms tightened around Jasper's waist, he allowed himself to smile, knowing that if he had a beating heart, you could compare it to a thousand drums.+

"What are we doing here?" The girl asked.+

Jasper's destination ended up being the Calico Diner on their first date. He helped her off the motor and dangled the keys wearing a mischievous look. The girl gave a pointed stare, wondering if he had stolen the keys from the diner's owner.+

"I rented it for the whole night," Jasper said, letting Driana enter the diner first. "Here we are."+

"Usually," Driana mused. "One would turn on the light for showcasing. Though, you are a vampire with no need for such. However, I am human with no night vision."+

Jasper chuckled. "I didn't want to ruin the surprise yet." His footsteps echoed as he neared the light switch. "Ready?"+

Driana nodded, knowing he could see her. Jasper flicked the switch, smiling as he heard Driana gasp in delight. The Calico Diner transformed into a small prom, better than the cafeteria's version. A single table stood in the center, showing a candle-lit dinner. Party streamers decorated the walls connecting to the ceiling. Floating lanterns complimented the colors. A tinsel curtain covered one wall labeled, 'Our First Time.'+

The blond stalked over to a table with a radio. He raised the volume, and alternative indie blasted through the speakers. He playfully danced over to where Driana stood, covering her face in embarrassment as if they were in public. He laughed, gently taking her hands in a position for them to slow dance.+

"Our First Time?" Driana questioned.+

"Our first date, our first physical touch, our first everything," Jasper told her. He furrowed his brows. "They all happened fast, much to my dislike."+

"What's the reason?"+

"I have forever in my hands," Jasper explained. "I want to take the time to show you all that I have in me."+

Driana pursed her lips. "Jasper, I'm not like you."+

The blond frowned in response.+

"I can't share the same vision as you when my lifespan isn't immortal," Driana reminded him.+

"Did you ever think of-" Jasper hesitated. He coughed before continuing. "Did you ever think of becoming like me?"+

"A vampire?" The girl sighed. "No."+

"Oh."+

"Did you ever think I'll become like you?"+

Jasper strained against the question. Alice knew a different answer, possibly Edward, but he and the rest of the family didn't. Driana's fate was unknown. It seemed unfair that they knew Bella's, as the girl had been more exposed and informed of the vampire life. Compared to Driana, she knew little. Edward had been reckless enough that fate decided it'd be Bella more aware of their abilities. The family didn't want to risk Driana in case circumstances went south. The blond's muscles constricted at the thought of the Volturi. The Volturi finding out both girls are knowledgeable of their kind would create issues. It may seem mean, with Driana in the dark while Bella wasn't, the family couldn't think of endangering both girls. The action made Driana an outsider, but it was for the good to keep her from harm. The lesser she knows, the better.+

"I don't know," Jasper half-lied. "I can't see it."+

"Me neither. I want to enjoy doing things without heightened senses and inhuman abilities. I don't want to spoil it by being unable to go out in the sun or fighting myself in public because of blood. To be honest, I like being human." +

Jasper nodded his head in understanding. He didn't want the night to be serious. The blond brought her out for fun. "Let's not worry about the future."+

"Right now, the present matters." The girl gently cupped Jasper's cheek, and he melted at her touch. "However, in time, I imagine myself spending eternity with you."+

At that moment, he fell harder than she did for him. It was unexplainable. He couldn't describe the emotions that exploded in his chest. Jasper chose the best option and used his powers for Driana to feel what he felt. The girl became speechless, smiling in response.+

Jasper kissed the back of her hand, his golden eyes gleaming. "I want that, too."+

ğ»ğ‘’ğ“‡ ğ’©ğ‘’ğ“Œ ğ‘€ğ‘œğ‘œğ“ƒ+

Out Now!+

Driana felt herself going insane. She had been in the dark for too long, more than she liked. The girl had played it safe by sleeping over at Embry's house on the Quileute Reservation. The three strangers, even the Cullens, were unaware of her whereabouts. That's what made her feel confident in surviving.+

When Alex had to return to Forks, Driana went to Clearwater's residence for one night. Ms. Berold didn't mind her daughter enjoying her freedom. After all, she wanted her daughter to enjoy her life as much as she could, as they lived in a small town. As long as Driana informed her mother of her plans, communication is, without a doubt, key.+

"Let's eat!" Sue Clearwater announced. +

She entered Leah's room, looking unimpressed as both girls were still asleep. The woman sighed, shaking her first-born awake, who groggily muttered words before falling back asleep. Driana woke up with ease, hearing movement in the room. She sat up straight before greeting Sue.+

"I'll wake up Seth," Sue told her. She gestured toward Leah. "Please wake this girl up."+

"On it, Aunty Sue," Driana snickered.+

When the woman left to wake up Seth, Driana did her best to wake up Leah. Sounds of Seth protesting and Sue forcing her son awake made it harder for the girl to focus as she continued laughing. Leah rose from the bed, annoyed at the noises coming from her brother's room.+

"I can never get peace in this house," Leah grumbled.+

"You do live here," Driana joked. "Come on, let's eat."+

Leah pulled the covers off her body, and Driana helped her up. The pair entered the kitchen, giggling at Seth, who crossed his arms and rolled his eyes. It was visible which sibling didn't enjoy their mornings.+

"Your dad went out early and surprisingly brought deer," Sue informed. "I already cooked the backstraps."+

Seth sprung back to life at the mention of food and began eating. Leah shook her head at his actions and gracefully ate, followed by Driana. Hours passed, time well spent. It didn't stop Driana from worrying about the Cullens and Bella.+

"You ready to go?" Harry Clearwater asked the girl.+

Driana picked up the bag. "Yep!"+

"Visit us soon," Leah told her.+

She hugged the girl, and Driana returned the embrace. Seth roughly moved his sister aside and beamed at his older friend with a bright smile. Leah scoffed, staring at her mom for some support. Sue scolded her son, causing Seth to pout.+

"Bye, bye," Seth sadly spoke, waving at Driana.+

The girl chuckled, standing on her toes and ruffling his hair. "Bye, Seth."+

Driana followed Harry and Sue out of the house and into the car. The couple needed to visit Forks for an errand and decided to use this time to offer the girl a ride. It was either them or Ms. Berold who would bring Driana back home.+

"How's your mom?" Sue asked.+

"She's good and tired."+

Sue tsked in response. "Remind her to slow down when it comes to work."+

"I've thought of working to ease her stress."+

Harry shook his head. "You still got school, kid."+

Driana laughed. "Yes, Uncle."+

"Good."+

Driana never felt out of place with the Clearwater family since she had known them when she was twelve. Sue pitied the overworked mother at the diner while their young child silently waited for her in a booth. Leah was with Sue, asking if she could play with the little girl around her age. Both mothers communicated over their share of parenthood. It was that day which caused both families to create a friendship.+

"Alright," Harry spoke, parking the car in front of Driana's home.+

"Here, take some meat." Sue gave the girl sandwich bags filled with deer meat. "Greet your mom for us."+

"Stay safe out there," Harry told her. "You never know what danger lurks ahead."+

Driana hid the grim expression on her face, never forgetting the threat from the strangers in Bella's life and possibly hers should they notice her. The girl waved goodbye, feeling her breath hitch as she exited the vehicle. She was afraid that either Victoria or James would capture her. Entering the house, she quickly locked the door and double-checked every room they had in case an intruder was hiding. The girl pulled out her phone, dialing a number. She waited for the other end to speak, not risking if someone else had the phone in their hands.+

"Hello?"+

Driana sighed in relief.+

"Uhm, hello?" The voice repeated.+

"Mom," Driana spoke quietly. "I'm home."+

"Oh, I'm still at work. While you wait for me, there's food in the kitchen."+

"Okay, love you! Bye."+

"I love you," Ms. Berold told her, ending the call.+

A figure outside her house made the girl freeze. They found her. The girl quietly entered the kitchen, grabbing a small knife. She held it outward against her chest. The attacker would get stabbed should they plan to lunge at her. Rapid knocks came from the door, and the girl's heartbeat quickened. There was no use in slowing it down for it to be quieter. She swung the door open, and she discarded the knife.+

"Darling," Jasper greeted, hugging the girl.+

"Jazz!" Driana cheered, returning the hug as if her husband returned from the war.+

"These are killing me," Driana complained.+

"You'll manage," Grace assured her.+

"As if," Driana scoffed. "I don't wear heels higher than this."+

Alex knocked on the door. "Are you ready?"+

Driana swung the door open. "Let's get this over with."+

Ms. Berold awaited her daughter and friends in the living room. She smiled happily, seeing how they looked more mature in their attire. Grace and Alex shamelessly began posing while Driana covered her face in embarrassment.+

"Join them," Ms. Berold ushered her daughter.+

"Mom!" Driana grumbled, hiding behind her friends.+

"Don't be like that," Ms. Berold scolded. "Picture time!"+

The three huddled together, changing their poses and positions every time the camera flashed. Ms. Berold took more photos before following the trio out of the house to see them leave. They agreed to take Grace's car instead of carpooling. What better way to celebrate than being in one car with your friends?+

"Drive safe!" Ms. Berold told them.+

"We will!" Alex and Grace said.+

Driana stuck her head out the window. "Love you, Mom!"+

The music resonated as Grace turned up the volume. Screaming at the top of their lungs, it wasn't unusual as folks would be aware that Forks High School currently had an event. Prom. Grace managed to find parking, thankful they only had to cross the street.+

"Party!" Alex shouted.+

The cafeteria had students crowding the space. People were dancing, while others opted to be in groups. Teachers and staff huddled around their tables, looking for any disturbances as they tried to have fun. Max entered the cafeteria. He adjusted his suit, his hair disheveled as a look. He waved at his friends, having them take pictures at the photo booth.+

"Pst," Alex nudged Driana. "Turn around."+

The girl whipped around, gawking at the sight. Jasper raised a brow at her with a charming smile. His hair was slightly sleek and pushed back. The suit matched him perfectly. Driana felt herself blush under the weight of his stare. He held a white corsage waiting in his hand.+

"We'll be around," Grace teased, pushing Driana forward and pulling Alex and Max away.+

Jasper casually approached the girl. "Hey, beautiful." He chuckled when he felt her emotions swirl around.+

Driana tried avoiding eye contact, knowing it would worsen her beating heart. "Stop, you're making me blush."+

"When do I not?" Jasper humored.+

"Cheeseball." The girl lightly smacked his arm, knowing it'd make no effect. "You look great."+

"And you look amazing," Jasper complimented. "Visually stunning, gorgeous-"+

"I get it," The girl chuckled.+

"May I?" Jasper asked, gesturing to the corsage. Driana nodded in response, allowing his cold hands to work around her wrist as he placed the corsage. "Beautiful."+

Driana nodded in agreement. "Flowers are pretty."+

"I meant you."+

"Jasper," The girl groaned in annoyance, secretly melting. "If you're going to flirt, do it another time."+

"And I have a lot of that," He humored.+

Jasper and Driana walked around the cafeteria, commenting on the decor and occasionally stopping by the food and drink vendors. They took a few photos before standing on the edge of the dance floor. Emmett and Rosalie began showing off their dance skills in the middle of the room. Alice happily danced alone, pulling moves that no modern human had seen. Then again, she was part of a different time. Jasper smirked at Driana, and the girl shook her head.+

The blond stuck out his hand, gentleman-like as always. "May I have this dance with you?"+

Driana huffed, unable to say no. Besides, she found it impossible to reject a moment like this, a moment with him. She played along, placing her hand in his and acting courtly. Jasper chuckled at her, never failing to be amused by her.+

"Yes, you may," The girl spoke.+

Jasper led her to the dance floor, where his siblings hogged the attention. Who knew the reserved family that barely spoke to anyone was this outgoing? All eyes were on them, too intimidated to get close as they outshone everyone as they danced.+

"Feeling shy?" Jasper asked the girl.+

Driana smirked at him challengingly. "Lead me, and I'll keep up."+

Jasper's eyebrows raised in surprise before turning into an impressed look. He twirled the girl around, who effortlessly spun back into his arms. After Driana had implied she dances, she and Jasper moved in sync. Time slowed for the both of them, their eyes focused on each other while having fun. They hadn't even realized Bella and Edward arrived, dancing slowly beside them.+

"Enjoying yourself?" Driana teased.+

"Of course," Jasper said confidently. "You're right here. Why else wouldn't I enjoy tonight?"+

Driana shrugged. "Just thought you planned a surprise."+

Jasper threw her a knowing look, and the girl's eyes widened. He never runs out of surprises, doesn't he? Edward chuckled at the side, earning a playful glare from the short girl, and acted as if he didn't read her mind.+

"I'll need to excuse myself from my friends," Driana told him.+

Jasper chuckled. "No need. I told them in advance."+

Driana rolled her eyes. Of course, he would. Jasper led her out of the cafeteria and to the school parking lot. His white motorcycle reflected against the moonlight. The girl gave a pointed look at the blond, who stared innocently.+

"If we were both born around my human years," Jasper explained, preparing the helmets. "We would've gone horseback riding."+

"Such a cowboy," Driana joked. "Riding into the sunset does sound romantic."+

"It was what I intended for tonight," Jasper chuckled. "It's obvious I couldn't rent a horse. However, let's think of this as today's version."+

Driana took the helmet, placing it on her head. "Every day is romantic with you. I wouldn't have it any other way."+

Despite wanting to ride fast, Jasper despised the thought of Driana's off-shoulder maroon-colored dress flying around, possibly revealing anything underneath. He adored the way the dress complimented her skin tone. The blond imagined himself as her fair knight, protecting the royal princess. He took his time heading to the place he had in mind. Jasper immersed himself in Driana's emotions. The way her heart quickened as she thought of him. How the scenery never failed to calm her down. As her arms tightened around Jasper's waist, he allowed himself to smile, knowing that if he had a beating heart, you could compare it to a thousand drums.+

"What are we doing here?" The girl asked.+

Jasper's destination ended up being the Calico Diner on their first date. He helped her off the motor and dangled the keys wearing a mischievous look. The girl gave a pointed stare, wondering if he had stolen the keys from the diner's owner.+

"I rented it for the whole night," Jasper said, letting Driana enter the diner first. "Here we are."+

"Usually," Driana mused. "One would turn on the light for showcasing. Though, you are a vampire with no need for such. However, I am human with no night vision."+

Jasper chuckled. "I didn't want to ruin the surprise yet." His footsteps echoed as he neared the light switch. "Ready?"+

Driana nodded, knowing he could see her. Jasper flicked the switch, smiling as he heard Driana gasp in delight. The Calico Diner transformed into a small prom, better than the cafeteria's version. A single table stood in the center, showing a candle-lit dinner. Party streamers decorated the walls connecting to the ceiling. Floating lanterns complimented the colors. A tinsel curtain covered one wall labeled, 'Our First Time.'+

The blond stalked over to a table with a radio. He raised the volume, and alternative indie blasted through the speakers. He playfully danced over to where Driana stood, covering her face in embarrassment as if they were in public. He laughed, gently taking her hands in a position for them to slow dance.+

"Our First Time?" Driana questioned.+

"Our first date, our first physical touch, our first everything," Jasper told her. He furrowed his brows. "They all happened fast, much to my dislike."+

"What's the reason?"+

"I have forever in my hands," Jasper explained. "I want to take the time to show you all that I have in me."+

Driana pursed her lips. "Jasper, I'm not like you."+

The blond frowned in response.+

"I can't share the same vision as you when my lifespan isn't immortal," Driana reminded him.+

"Did you ever think of-" Jasper hesitated. He coughed before continuing. "Did you ever think of becoming like me?"+

"A vampire?" The girl sighed. "No."+

"Oh."+

"Did you ever think I'll become like you?"+

Jasper strained against the question. Alice knew a different answer, possibly Edward, but he and the rest of the family didn't. Driana's fate was unknown. It seemed unfair that they knew Bella's, as the girl had been more exposed and informed of the vampire life. Compared to Driana, she knew little. Edward had been reckless enough that fate decided it'd be Bella more aware of their abilities. The family didn't want to risk Driana in case circumstances went south. The blond's muscles constricted at the thought of the Volturi. The Volturi finding out both girls are knowledgeable of their kind would create issues. It may seem mean, with Driana in the dark while Bella wasn't, the family couldn't think of endangering both girls. The action made Driana an outsider, but it was for the good to keep her from harm. The lesser she knows, the better.+

"I don't know," Jasper half-lied. "I can't see it."+

"Me neither. I want to enjoy doing things without heightened senses and inhuman abilities. I don't want to spoil it by being unable to go out in the sun or fighting myself in public because of blood. To be honest, I like being human." +

Jasper nodded his head in understanding. He didn't want the night to be serious. The blond brought her out for fun. "Let's not worry about the future."+

"Right now, the present matters." The girl gently cupped Jasper's cheek, and he melted at her touch. "However, in time, I imagine myself spending eternity with you."+

At that moment, he fell harder than she did for him. It was unexplainable. He couldn't describe the emotions that exploded in his chest. Jasper chose the best option and used his powers for Driana to feel what he felt. The girl became speechless, smiling in response.+

Jasper kissed the back of her hand, his golden eyes gleaming. "I want that, too."+

ğ»ğ‘’ğ“‡ ğ’©ğ‘’ğ“Œ ğ‘€ğ‘œğ‘œğ“ƒ+

Out Now!+





