This is my first time writing a story in this universe so do bear with me 😓+

The story of how the packs in the Evergreen Wilds came to be is all too well known.2

When the first pack arrived in the wilds, their Alpha-wise, but old and exhausted from the trip-passed after a few months.+

The leadership was meant to pass to his son. But the Beta of the pack, convinced he was stronger and thus more suited to the role of Alpha, swayed majority of the wolves to his side and was made leader instead.+

To secure his position, he wanted the former Alpha's good hearted but weak son executed-fortunately, a small number of his pack were still loyal to the young wolf, and they escaped with their lives.+

As the years passed, the true Alpha grew into a capable leader, supported and burgeoned by not only those who had remained by his side, but other wolves inspired to join him. After finding his Luna, he formally established his Pack as the Silver Arrow Pack. Despite the unfortunate events that had occured, the Moon Goddess appeared to be smiling upon both him and the wolves who followed him. +

And as for his former Pack, while the false Alpha was physically strong, he was otherwise a snivelling coward who used fear and manipulation to get his way. Under his command, what was once a great pack began to splinter, with many wolves choosing to desert him and begin their own lives in other parts of the wilds. Eventually, the false Alpha, infuriated that the Silver Arrow Pack was flourishing, challenged their leader to a one on one fight.+

In the end, the false Alpha was slain, and what remained of his pack was scattered. This led to the creation of all the other packs across the vast Evergreen Wilds, the Moon River Pack, the Snow Fang Pack, the Fire Claw Pack and the Willow Creek Pack. But after all these years, the Silver Arrow Pack remains the strongest of them all.+

To this day, this tale remains a lesson, that loyalty to the right wolf is what truly brings strength, as well as the Moon Goddess's blessing.+

Olwen used a towel to wipe her sweat as Beta Kayden approached her.3

"Nice job today, Olwen. You're getting better, just need to pay attention to your surroundings a little more and dodge the attacks in time." He complimented her with an encouraging smile.+

Despite her exhaustion, Olwen managed to grin back.+

"Thanks. You're a good trainer."+

"Well, you've trained hard enough for today. Go and rest up. Tomorrow is the Olive Branch Festival, and as future Luna you'll be overseeing preparations along with my daughter." Beta Kayden waved her off before wiping his own sweat and heading off in another direction.+

Olwen left the training centre, still catching her breath a little but fulfilled and bubbling from the praise. She brushed a hand through her pale brown curls as she admired the wind blowing through the trees around her on her way back to her home.+

Olwen Adams had been born an omega - beautiful with her brown hair and grey eyes, but also considered weak and fragile. Her parents, who had cherished her the most regardless, had died when she was fourteen, when all the packs in the Evergreen Wilds were being plagued by rogues.+

Sometimes, Olwen still missed them, wishing she could hear their voices around their family home. But they had been well honoured by her pack mates - Alpha Bradley had comforted her at their funeral, saying that they had died protecting both their precious daughter and the Silver Arrow Pack, which was a great honour. Putting oneself on the line for their own pack was the ultimate show of loyalty and strength.+

Wherever they were now, Olwen hoped she was making them proud...especially since a few years ago she had found her fated mate.+

As she approached her home, she saw the man himself sitting on their front porch awaiting her arrival, and she smiled fondly.+

Her wolf Opal purred in her mind. Our mate came to see us...+

Alpha Bradley's son and future Alpha of the Silver Arrow Pack, Aaron Young.+

"Hello, Olwen." The man greeted her with a warm smile.+

He got up and pulled her close as she walked near, tenderly pressing his lips to hers. Olwen sighed, her eyes fluttering shut as she kissed back, inhaling her mate's scent.+

"Aaron...what are you doing here? You told me you were busy with some administrative duties tonight."+

"I am." Aaron admitted with an embarrassed smile. "But I found an opening to come here and give you this."+

He extended a small box to her, opening it to show a beautiful necklace with an arrow shooting through a heart as the charm.+

Olwen gazed at the necklace with wide eyes.+

"Oh my...Aaron...you didn't have to."+

"Please." Aaron scoffed, taking the necklace from the box and gently placing it around her neck. "It's the least I could do for my mate...and future Luna of the Silver Arrow Pack."+

Olwen couldn't help the fond expression she was wearing as she gazed down at the beautiful piece of jewelry that sat on her neck, a reminder and promise of what was to come.+

"My father and Beta Kayden have told me that you're taking to your duties as Luna quite well, and your fighting skills have improved too." Aaron said, clasping her hand encouragingly. "I'm impressed."+

"Thank you, Aaron. For both the praise, and the necklace." Olwen replied with a chuckle.+

"Don't mention it. Listen...I have to go now, but...I'll see you tomorrow at the Olive Branch Festival, yeah?"+

"Of course."+

Aaron reached over and placed his arms around Olwen in an embrace, before whispering lowly into her ear.+

"I can't wait to formally mark and claim you as my Luna."4

Olwen shivered a little and had to stop herself-yes, as fated mates she and Aaron had been intimate before, but had chosen to put off the marking until they were officially mated and Olwen became Luna. Heck, even now though they lived in the same home, they slept in separate bedrooms.+

The two Ceremonies would be worth it when they came.+

"Alright. See you tomorrow, Aaron."+

"See you." Aaron kissed her on the cheek, pulling away and grinning at her before turning and walking off.+

Olwen still recalled it like it was yesterday. Two years ago, she'd walked to her usual spot in the pack garden to admire and tend to the flowers, when she'd suddenly smelt driftwood and encountered Aaron shortly after. Originally confused as she hadn't seen him come to the garden before, everything clicked when she met his eyes and saw them flash from their usual green to deep orange, Opal responding in kind.+

Things had changed pretty quickly after that. Despite some of her previous doubts that the Alpha's son wouldn't be interested in courting an Omega, Aaron was all too eager in accepting her. It had taken him (or more specifically his wolf Ares) every bone in his body not to mark her immediately that day, but she was quickly formally introduced to the Silver Arrow Pack and Alpha Bradley and Beta Kayden as his mate.+

Alpha Bradley - who had lost his own wife and the previous Luna a few years back to that same rogue attack that had killed Olwen's parents - had given his approval, but did express concern about Olwen's status as an omega. Which meant that she knew nothing about how to deal with pack affairs and couldn't defend herself or the pack. And thus, Olwen's Luna training had started.+

All in all, Olwen was surprised even at herself for making such good progress in two short years. When she had first been announced as Aaron's mate, many within the pack immediately doubted a sweet, precious omega like her could be a capable Luna. Even now, some wolves probably thought she was just lucky to be fated to the future Alpha. But word of how promising she was in Luna training had gotten around, to the point where a few pack members accidentally called her Luna when addressing her. Olwen, ever the modest one, had laughed and reminded them not to call her that yet.+

After a nice warm shower and dinner, Olwen climbed into bed, hoping to get a nice rest before she was to oversee and help with preparations for the Olive Branch Festival.+

She was admittedly nervous about such a major event, but she had been more than prepared in planning for it.+

Just breathe in, breathe out, think happy thoughts and sleep, Opal assured her in her mind. You will do fine...+

Thanks, Opal. Olwen thanked her wolf silently, before drifting to sleep with a smile on her face.+

......+

Olwen awoke bright and early the next day-Aaron having already left for his own Alpha training, and was eating breakfast when a knock came at her door. She got up, checking who it was before opening it with a smile. She'd known she would come by-it had become a normal occurrence for her to accompany her places in the pack.+

"Oh, hi Kylie, what brings you here?"+

"Hi, Olwen." The auburn haired girl bowed her head in greeting. "I just wanted to wish you Happy Olive Branch Festival...and also to thank you for all you've done to make me feel at home in the Silver Arrow Pack again."+

With the sound of the door opening, Aaron immediately scrambled off of Kylie, both using different areas of the blanket in an attempt to cover their naked bodies.+

"Olwen-!" Aaron said in alarm, his eyes darting from Kylie to his mate standing in the doorway. "You weren't supposed be back this early..."1

For a moment, Olwen said nothing, gradually taking in the sight before her. Her mate...in bed with a woman whom she had come to see as a friend.+

Kylie was covering herself as well, looking just as embarrassed as Aaron but more...relieved if that made any sense. She stayed silent and avoided Olwen's gaze however, as Aaron quickly scrambled for his boxers and tried to speak.+

"O-Olwen...please...I...I can explain..."1

Olwen didn't need to say anything as Opal surged forward, her grey eyes turning bright blue.+

"Don't come near us." Opal growled, sounding just as hurt as Olwen was, before she took over Olwen's body and ran them both from the scene.3

......+

When Olwen had been training as Luna, she'd been taught to look out for several landmarks that indicated they were close to the pack borders.+

One such mark was a large oak tree that had been present far before Olwen was born-an old timer who had seen more than they ever had, Aaron had once joked to her as they went on a walk together.+

Today, Olwen huddled herself beneath that large oak tree alone, sobbing quietly and her face streaked with tears.+

Perhaps knowing that Olwen was in no mood to see anyone now, Opal had led her down a path where she would not encounter any of her pack mates, and she had been here for quite some time.+

How could Aaron have done this? Her mind flashed back through all the times they had spent together since finding out they were mates. He'd seemed so loving, so caring, and such a perfect mate...or perhaps that had been Ares. She'd thought Aaron loved her, but it was also no secret that his wolf was hard for him to restrain when they were around her and Opal.3

Maybe that's why he didn't mark me, Olwen realised. So that I wouldn't know if he was with another she-wolf.+

And Kylie...Olwen hadn't known her that well before she returned to the Silver Arrow Pack a few months back, but she had taken it upon herself to make her feel accepted and comfortable after her mate had rejected her.+

What had she done for Kylie to jump in bed with her fated behind her back?+

Olwen broke down into sobs again, not caring that the sun was already beginning to set overhead. Similarly, Opal had been howling in agony in her head.+

How could he? Why didn't Ares do anything? He should've stopped him, he should've controlled his stupid human!2

Olwen would have been comfortable sitting beneath the tree, just crying with her heart numb from anger and sadness if not for a voice that came through the mind link.+

Olwen, please come to see me at my office. Someone would like to explain themselves to you.+

Olwen shakily inhaled as Opal snarled in her mind.+

We don't have to see that bastard.+

She was about to respond to her wolf when she finally noticed the sunset happening. The Olive Branch Festival was going to start in half an hour. She sighed.+

Regardless of what had just happened...the Olive Branch Festival was still today, and if she had to get through whatever was about to happen with her mate, she would have to endure it.+

Despite her wolf's protests, Olwen dried her tears and slowly made her way back into pack territory.+

As some of her pack mates greeted her on the way to Alpha Bradley's office, Olwen smiled and greeted them back, wishing them a happy Olive Branch Festival before walking on.+

Once she reached the office door and knocked, Alpha Bradley's voice, calm and unreadable, came from behind.+

"Come in."+

Olwen entered the office, her heart stopping again as she saw Aaron and Kylie already sitting in front of Alpha Bradley's desk.+

Not meeting their gazes, Olwen closed the door and sat in front of Alpha Bradley as well.+

"Olwen..." Alpha Bradley inhaled. "My son would like to apologise for his actions."+

Oh does he? Opal growled in her mind. Olwen ignored her and forced herself to meet Aaron's gaze as he turned to her.+

"I'm sorry Olwen...I meant to tell you sooner but I wasn't sure how."1

You weren't sure how? Opal hissed. Is that meant to make us feel better?+

Rather than ask that, Olwen forced herself to ask a simple question, rather than waste it on begging and pleading for him to come back to her.+

"...How long has this been happening?"+

Aaron paused, looking guilty and swallowing.+

"...A few days after Kylie came back to the Silver Arrow Pack. You were out training...and she needed comfort over Oliver rejecting her."+

Olwen felt the grief, sadness and disgust rising in her body. And it didn't help that Kylie jumped in after he hesitated again.+

"One thing led to another and...we started seeing each other when you weren't around." She added nervously. "Sorry, Olwen..."+

Olwen noticed how close Aaron and Kylie seemed to be sitting, but before she could comment on it Alpha Bradley spoke again.+

"...That brings us to another arrangement I wanted to discuss with you." He said, bringing Olwen's attention back to him. He inhaled before he spoke solemnly.1

"Both my son and I think it would better for the Silver Arrow Pack if Kylie is made Aaron's mate and Luna."+

Olwen may as well have stabbed through the heart with a silver dagger.+

"Wh....what?"+

"As much as we appreciate all that you've done for this Pack, it's just the better choice." The man explained calmly, as if it was obvious. "You've definitely improved over the years with your Luna training, but you were still born as an omega. Kylie was naturally born stronger, and she has been trained since she was young. She is more capable in defending the pack."1

Olwen stared at Alpha Bradley in disbelief and hurt, still refusing to believe what was happening.+

"But...!"+

She turned to Aaron and Kylie, the tears already welling up in her eyes again.+

"A-Aaron...you discussed this with him...?"+

Aaron didn't meet her gaze but gave a nod.+

"...Yeah."+

Opal took over Olwen again, hissing at Aaron and Kylie.+

"You bastard. We trained and devoted all this effort to our Luna training for nothing? What were we, a failsafe?"+

Aaron opened her mouth to reply when his eyes turned orange.+

A Year Ago+

The blonde haired man watched the scene around him, swirling the wine in his glass and trying not to look bored or frustrated.+

He knew the significance of this annual function-it was for each pack to present updates of local happenings, mingle and also get to know and maintain relationships with the Alphas, Betas and Lunas of the other packs.+

As the strongest pack in the Evergreen Wilds, the Silver Arrow Pack was always the host, and while he had no problem with that, getting through the dinner each year was a strange balance between amusing and excruciating.+

He was the Alpha of the Moon River Pack, the second strongest in the region, which meant there were plenty of others who wanted to talk to him and possibly butter him up.+

Not to mention that as of now, aside from Alpha Bradley who had lost Luna Tess to a rogue attack a few years prior, he was still the only Alpha amongst them who was still yet to find a proper mate for himself. He had just been made Alpha a year ago after his father stepped down - still young and single, as some would put it. +

And so here he was, consistently subject to conversations from other Alphas or Lunas which veered very conspicuously towards the fact that their daughter(s) was/were of age, and they could arrange a meeting. And if said daughter(s) was/were present, which happened often, they were between the 'politely sitting there' and the 'downright flirtatious' types.+

He had already developed a default response as they kept coming, especially since he'd already dealt with this during his first time last year.+

"Your daughter(s) sound(s) pleasant, but I'm afraid I'm not interested." He said one too many times, some instances even having to move himself away when the young women tried to brush or grasp his arm.+

If the individual still tried to press the subject, his wolf Lark would come through and his eyes would turn from their usual dark blue to bright yellow, scaring off any further attempts at setting him up with anyone.+

At one point, he got up and walked to the balcony for some air, only to find that he wasn't the only one out here as he was hit by a sweet lavender and honey scent.+

"Are you okay?" The brunette asked him cautiously-she didn't look that old, perhaps a few years younger than him at best. She was wearing a silvery dress, her hair braided elegantly down one shoulder.2

The man blinked, for some reason feeling his wolf stir at the sight of her.+

"Oh uh...yes. Why do you ask?"+

The brunette shrugged with a soft smile.+

"You look tired....well, 'done' might be a better word for it."+

The man chuckled in return. "Perhaps you could say that. I've just...been talking to the leaders from all the other packs all night and...a lot of them are definitely angling to set me up with their daughters."+

The brunette laughed, and he couldn't help but feel his heart flutter slightly-she had a wonderful smile. Not to mention how her laugh sounded so melodious.+

"I see...so that means you're Alpha Landon from the Moon River Pack, right?"+

Alpha Landon grinned and nodded.+

"Guilty as charged."+

"Well...it makes perfect sense." The brunette spoke as they stood on the balcony together, the evening breeze brushing through their hair. "You're the only unmated Alpha here...if there's a chance, someone will want to take it."+

"I suppose..." Landon briefly wondered if she had learnt that saying from someone else.+

"It does make sense, and perhaps marrying another alpha's daughter would make my pack stronger but...I'd rather not. I don't want to meet my future Luna through an arrangement. I want it to happen naturally."+

The brunette nodded, humming with understanding as her soft grey irises flickered to the trees dancing in the wind below them.+

"Yeah...I understand that. An arranged mating for the better of the pack is all well and good but...if there's no genuine emotions in the relationship then...you're not going to last."+

Alpha Landon felt his heart warm at her words. Almost every person here, he imagined, would espouse the whole thing about making pack alliances stronger or whatnot. But she...+

"Besides," The brunette added. "Meeting your fated is something that can never be forgotten nor replaced."+

Landon paused, a look passing through his eyes before he decided against explaining further and smiling sadly.+

"I see."+

The two held each other still gazes before he spoke again.+

"So you know who I am...who might you be? I've never seen you at one of these functions before."+

"Oh me? Well I'm-"+

"Olwen, there you are!"1

Another man hurried over to Olwen with relief and affection in his eyes.+

"I've been looking everywhere for you."+

Olwen smiled and dipped her head in embarrassment.+

"Sorry Aaron...I just stepped out for some air."+

Aaron? Ah...Alpha Bradley's son.+

He'd talked to Alpha Bradley earlier, and while the man seemed cordial enough, Alpha Landon had the feeling he was being looked down upon by the leader of the Silver Arrow Pack. He did mention that his son had found his mate...+

Aaron looked around Olwen and smiled, nodding respectfully at him.+

"Alpha Landon. It's nice to meet you, and I see you've met my mate."+

Ignoring the slight dismay that rose up in his gut, Landon smiled back and raised his glass. He hadn't realised he was talking to the Silver Arrow Pack's future Luna, particularly since she had been missing a mark from her neck. He'd assumed she was another Alpha's daughter or something.+

"You're a lucky man, Aaron."+

To Olwen, his tone grew warmer.+

"Enjoy the rest of your night, Miss Olwen."+

"Thank you." Olwen dipped her head before she and Aaron walked away together back into the dining room.+

Alpha Landon's eyes flickered to Aaron's hand around Olwen's waist and couldn't help the bitter smile that came to his face.+

Meeting your fated is something that can never be forgotten nor replaced.+

He hadn't wanted to pour out his life woes to a stranger, regardless of how attractive he found her...but the truth was, he had met his fated.+

A few years ago, he'd taken Lark out on a run when he'd found her. He'd never taken in such a heavenly scent before, and it belonged to Rianne.+

They'd taken to each other immediately, and a few days later, Landon had officially introduced her to his parents. She began her Luna training a week afterward, and all seemed well.+

Until two months later, when he'd awoken with a sudden pain in his chest, Lark howling in agony. He'd had no choice but to accept her rejection, and once he'd calmed down, he'd gotten up to search for her, only to find she had completely disappeared from the Moon River Pack somehow, her scent ending at a tree beyond the pack borders.8

It had been three months since Olwen had left the Silver Arrow Pack.+

During those months, she'd mostly allowed Opal to take over-it was hard to find meat aside from the odd bird or two in this time, and her diet was predominantly berries and other non poisonous fruit.+

Both Olwen and Opal could survive on plants just fine, but the familiar taste and sustenance of meat was something they missed.+

Olwen had been perfectly careful in avoiding trespassing on other pack's territories-after the rogue attacks years ago, all groups in the Evergreen Wilds were definitely still on guard against any future incidents. And even when she didn't step near the pack borders, she could sense that she was being monitored by whoever was patrolling the area, and usually left before more trouble could arise.+

And there was also the few encounters she'd had with other, more hostile rogues. Fortunately for her, the training she'd had under Beta Kayden had kicked in, and she was able to emerge from these fights victorious but not exactly unscathed. She'd had to find safe areas to rest, sometimes shifting back into her human form and using what know how she had to find herbs to treat her wounds.+

In a way, it was a harsh wake-up call. Even when she'd been taught about these things, she had never envisioned the experience would feel this difficult.+

With all the bravado and adrenaline from her final day at the pack having all but drained from her system after a few weeks, a part of Olwen wondered if she had indeed made the right decision. She would have lost her Luna position to Kylie one way or another...and at least if she was still in the pack she would be still be healthy and taken care of as an omega...+

She shook her head with a sigh, shifting back into Opal, clutching her small pouch in her teeth and setting off to find a nice place to spend the night, lightly wincing from the sting of the injury in one of her back legs and a gash on her flank. They would heal in time, but at a slower rate. After all, she was an omega by nature, and not in the best shape either.+

......+

We must be near Moon River pack territory, Opal rumbled, as the wolf trotted over to a rushing river.+

They were in a beautiful clearing, the forest around smelling fresh after the rain that had fallen a few hours ago. The silvery grey she-wolf shook what rainwater she could from her fur before surveying the place.+

From what Olwen recalled, the Moon River Pack was all the way across to the other side of the Evergreen Wilds, and while she hadn't been exactly rushing to get here or even thought of coming this far, it made her fully realise just how far she had ventured from the place she had once called home.+

There should be a dirt path that leads over the river. We just need to keep walking and find it.+

Upon finding that path, Opal crossed it without difficulty, inhaling the fresh forest air around her. She then decided to sit down beneath a tree to rest, at least to prevent her injuries from flaring up more than they already had.+

Despite not being the one in control now, Olwen's mind was still very much active, and her and Opal's feelings were similar.+

Once she had established her daily pattern of survival, Olwen had finally had time to allow the events that had driven her here to fully sink in.+

The day before the Olive Branch Festival, she had everything. She was making progress in her Luna training, most of the members she was meant to work with seemed to approve of her, and Aaron had gifted her that arrow necklace as a show of his love.+

After she found out he'd been sleeping with Kylie, Aaron hadn't even looked her way during the Olive Branch Ceremony. The Alpha whom she'd thought she could rely on threatened to have her kicked out of the pack if she didn't accept the situation, and she was half sure he'd done all he could to ensure none of the other pack members would ask questions either. She hadn't wanted to ask Stela or her family for help, but she was sure that she would have accepted Kylie as her new Luna by now. She was supposed to be the more capable she-wolf between them both after all.+

That sight of Kylie rushing to ease Aaron's pain as Olwen had rejected him flashed through her mind. When she'd first left the Silver Arrow Pack, just thinking of it made her seethe with jealousy-but now she just felt numb. The Luna Ceremony should have been approaching in a week or so by now, and Olwen had to shove away that dreamlike image of everyone present to welcome their new Luna.+

Kylie will make such a strong Luna!+

She's the perfect chosen mate for Alpha Aaron!+

Olwen was too weak and pathetic, long live Luna Kylie!+

Though those words were only a figment of her imagination, just envisioning that they were what her former pack mates thought stung her deeply. Perhaps if Kylie had been the one forced out into the Wilds on her own, she would have thrived compared to how Olwen was doing now. She would have tracked down food with ease, known every possible hiding spot, and taken down every rogue that had dared attack her.+

Olwen wanted to empathise with her still, given the rejection that had brought Kylie back to the Silver Arrow Pack, but it was still no excuse for Kylie to go after someone else's mate. And it was her fated mate too. Perhaps if Olwen had given Aaron more attention in the last few months he wouldn't have...+

I'm sorry mom. I'm sorry dad. I couldn't make your sacrifice for the pack worth it.+

For all the unspoken rules in the Silver Arrow Pack about loyalty being strength and how it tied into the pack's original inception and success, it seemed bitterly ironic that someone had been rewarded for betraying their fated mate.2

Opal's stomach growled. They hadn't eaten anything much this afternoon yet.+

Forcing herself to withstand her hunger until she found something, Opal huffed and laid on her paws.+

I miss Ares, the wolf rumbled sadly.+

Given the visible struggle that had appeared to take place between Aaron and his wolf in Alpha Bradley's office, Olwen could only wish the best for Ares. Even if that meant him finding happiness with Kylie's wolf Kiara.+

But she was barely holding out as a rogue, and as cherished as the fated bond had once been, she had rightfully broken it off. Which also meant that she would never experience finding a fated mate again.+

We don't need a fated mate to survive. Opal huffed. You may not have ended up at the Luna of the Silver Arrow Pack, but the training you did is still useful to us.+

Opal had been just as torn up about having to carry out the rejection as Olwen was, but over the three months they had worked together seamlessly to ensure both of them stayed alive.+

I'm fortunate to have you as my wolf, Opal.+

Opal purred, sounding somewhat happy for the first time in a while.+

And I'm glad to have you as my human. Wait, do you smell something?+

Opal raised her head, sniffing the air. There was a distinct scent. It smelt like the way the forest did after rain, only stronger and with the intensity of cologne almost. It had indeed rained earlier, but the scent seemed to penetrate the air much faster than normal.+

Opal sniffed again, before standing up and emitting a low growl. A moment or so later, the scent began to fade, until she was alone again.+

What was that all about? Was there a wolf nearby?+

Opal relaxed back on her paws.+

Whoever it was...they've left.+

The scent is coming from Moon River pack territory. They probably saw us coming close to their borders and were watching to see if we were causing any trouble. We should probably keep a safe distance and head elsewhere tomorrow.+

A beautiful meadow, as far as the eyes could see. A bright blue sky that was far too perfect to be real, and a cool breeze that did not reflect the humidity of the current seasons.+

Olwen knew she had to be dreaming, especially after recognising the silvery grey furred wolf opposite her.+

Opal.+

Olwen had barely seen her wolf form like this, but she looked...different. There were no injuries, and her coat of fur looked shiny and healthy, not matted with the dirt, water and leaves that she had picked up while in the Wilds for these past few months.+

And Opal wasn't even acknowledging her.+

She was staring off into the distance, sniffing at something before letting out a howl. And a moment later, another howl resonated back to her from incredibly far away.+

Opal's ears twitched and she took off, howling some more.+

"Opal?" Olwen called out, following after her, her bare feet on the soft grass. She didn't recall taking off her boots.+

The wolf didn't seem to hear her, her speed picking up as she bound towards the source of the howling from further away.+

"Opal!" Olwen had no choice but to begin to run, her wolf zipping through the grass ahead of her.+

At the other side of the meadow, the responding howl became louder and louder, and soon Olwen spotted the sandy shape that was running up to meet Opal.+

It was another wolf with sandy brown fur and yellow eyes; a complete polar opposite to Aaron's wolf Ares. The sandy wolf ran towards Opal, and the pair slowed and began to pad towards each other with apprehension on both sides, as if each was waiting and observing the other's action.+

And then the scent hit Olwen - forest after rain.+

Her eyes snapped open, and she was back beneath the shelter of a large rock near to the Moon River Pack. As Opal.+

The she-wolf got up and sniffed the air.+

That forest after rain scent was getting stronger again-and this time she knew it was something approaching. It had not rained the past few days.+

Opal got up on her legs, standing guard.+

And then he appeared, the exact same sand coloured wolf that Olwen had seen in her dream. His yellow eyes were focused on her intently as he came close. Though she wasn't in control of her form at the moment, Olwen could feel herself swallowing lightly. The wolf was a lot bigger than she'd anticipated as well, his form almost looming over Opal's the closer he got.+

His forest and rain aroma engulfed Opal and Olwen's senses. It didn't have the same effect as Aaron's scent had on Olwen the day they'd discovered they were fated mates, no head spinning and no immediate urge to launch herself into the stranger and kiss them senseless, but it was pleasant, comforting and somewhat refreshing, even though she'd already smelled it a few weeks ago. Wait...did that mean that he'd seen her here?+

The wolf tilted his head at Opal and lightly sniffed the air once, before drawing back. He then trotted calmly behind a large tree, and after the sound of bones cracking and shifting, stepped back out fully clothed and in human form.+

In Olwen's mind, it didn't take very long to recognise him.+

With Alpha Landon glancing at her expectantly before looking away to give her some space, Opal headed behind the rock, shifted back into Olwen, and got herself properly dressed before walking back out and bowing.+

"Alpha Landon, I...wasn't expecting to see you."+

She tried to dust herself off a little to look somewhat more presentable, feeling the Alpha's eyes on her. The simple t-shirt and jeans she'd changed into after leaving the Silver Arrow Pack were definitely showing their wear after constant use.+

"...Miss Adams...it's been a while." He spoke. His voice exuded authority, and yet he didn't sound overly harsh or threatening. Now that he'd talked, Olwen was starting to recall their interaction a little better.+

"I suppose your beta informed you that I was here...." Olwen said, keeping a respectable distance from him.+

Alpha Landon blinked, chuckled-perhaps in an attempt to put her at ease-and then shook his head.+

"On the contrary...I sent him to speak with you."+

Olwen stared in surprise-but then again she shouldn't have been.+

"Really? I doubted any wolves from the other packs would remember me since I've barely been to events outside of the Silver Arrow Pack."+

In hindsight, I should have seen this as a sign that I wasn't going to be taken seriously as the Luna. She thought to herself.+

An expression passed through Alpha Landon's face before he nodded slowly.+

"I suppose you could say you made quite the impression on me even though we only talked for a brief moment."+

Flattered, Olwen dipped her head.+

"Thank you."+

A period of awkward silence ensued before she broke it.+

"I take it that Beta Elijah told you what happened to me, and how I ended up here as a rogue."+

"He did." Alpha Landon took a single step towards her. In his human form, he was still a head taller than her, but the expression on his face was sympathetic.+

"I am sorry for what transpired within the Silver Arrow Pack. What Aaron and his father did to you was not right."+

"I've come to terms with it, in my own way." Olwen assured him, managing a small shrug. "I should have known that they would never accept an omega as the Luna."+

Alpha Landon frowned at this - if she didn't know any better, he looked almost defensive.+

"Being an omega shouldn't define your lifelong abilities."+

Olwen smiled sadly.+

"Tell that to the stronger and more capable she-wolf that Aaron and Alpha Bradley replaced me with. Kylie Paxton."+

"The she-wolf who broke up with her mate in the Snow Fang Pack?" Landon asked, tilting his head. "I've heard word of the incident."+

"Yes...I felt bad for her after she was rejected by her mate...so I looked out for her and reached out to her like a sister when I was still in the Silver Arrow Pack." Olwen shook her head. "I just never thought that she would-"+

"Hold on." The man interrupted, his eyebrows furrowing in confusion. "Did you just say that Kylie was rejected by her mate?"+

"...Yes?"+

"I met with the Alpha from the Snow Fang Pack a few weeks ago. He said that Kylie was the one who carried out the rejection."3

Olwen suddenly felt as if a cold bucket of water had been dumped on her.+

"...What?"+

"Alpha Maxwell is good friends with her former mate, Oliver. He said that Oliver has been distraught ever since it happened. Apparently, he was awoken one night to find that Kylie had packed her things. She gave him no warning and no explanation, just rejected him and left."2

Upon hearing this, Olwen had to sit down on the nearby rock to absorb this information.+

If she had been told this four months ago, she would've defended Kylie without question, but now knowing what Kylie had done with Aaron behind her back...+

After contemplating her options for one more day, Olwen made her choice.+

Which brought her to where she was now, being led into the Moon River Pack territory by Alpha Landon himself.+

Pack members who happened to be out and about and noticed the new arrival eyed her with curiosity and some amount of suspicion, and Olwen couldn't blame them. She did recognise Beta Elijah, who was heading out of what appeared to be a bakery. Upon catching her gaze, the man nodded at her respectfully, a gesture she returned.+

She followed Alpha Landon into his office, at which point he placed a form on the desk.+

"Just fill up your particulars, it's for administrative purposes if everything goes well."+

Olwen nodded, taking a pen from the Alpha and writing down what they required of her.+

Name: Olwen Adams+

Age: 21+

Gender: Female+

Wolf: Opal+

Olwen continued down each line, filling in her height, weight, any allergies or health conditions, any previous allegiances, until she arrived at an optional box for other contacts.+

For a moment, she contemplated writing down Stela Anderson. She'd been her closest friend back in the Silver Arrow Pack, and the last person to interact with her before she had left.+

But after some thought, she decided to leave the box blank.+

If she was starting afresh in a new pack, she wasn't sure if she wanted ties to anyone from the Silver Arrow Pack yet, even those who had been good to her. Given her choice of exile, she didn't wish for Stela, Cael or their mother to get repercussions from Alpha Bradley or heck, Beta Kayden even for contacting her, and she didn't want to raise suspicions from Landon or his subordinates. +

And who knows...maybe they'd gotten used to the idea of Kylie becoming their Luna by now.+

Once the form was filled, Alpha Landon entered her information into the system himself, as Olwen waited patiently; for a brief moment, his eyes glossed over, showing he was communicating with the pack mindlink.+

"I've called for my Gamma, Josh to come up and show you to your new home here. It's right in the middle of the pack grounds and is where any new potential additions to the Moon River Pack stay. I hope you're fine with that."+

"Of course, Alpha." Olwen dipped her head in respect, trying to ignore the disarming forest after rain scent floating around her.1

Less than a few minutes later, a young man with short auburn hair and grey eyes entered the office. He bowed to Landon.+

"Alpha."+

His gaze turned to Olwen, and despite the wariness in his eyes he greeted her.+

"Miss Adams, it's nice to meet you. I'm here to bring you to your residence. I'll also be your guide in getting you accustomed to life here in the Moon River Pack."+

Olwen smiled politely and stood up, shaking hands with him.+

"You must be Josh, the Gamma. It's nice to meet you too. Shall we get going?"+

"Of course, right this way, Miss."+

Olwen was about to head out first, but then stopped and glanced slightly back at Landon, who happened to be looking at her.+

"Uh...I'll see you around, Alpha."+

Alpha Landon nodded, fixating his brilliant blue eyes on her for a moment before they went back to his documents.+

......+

Gamma Josh seemed a little younger than her, but Olwen knew better than to disrespect his authority-he was fourth in command for a reason.3

"I'll give you a more detailed tour of the pack grounds tomorrow morning, but for now your home is here." He had led her to a small but well maintained house right in the heart of the Moon River Pack, as Alpha Landon had said.+

He passed her the keys.+

"Get some rest, there's already a bit of food stocked in the fridge. I'll see you in the morning."+

They both knew well enough that Gamma Josh would still be keeping an eye on her, and so Olwen nodded.+

"Thank you, Gamma. Good night."+

As the door closed, Olwen placed down what little belongings she had left and surveyed her temporary home.+

It was smaller than her family home, and definitely not even half the size of the house she had once shared with Aaron. But at this point, she was just thankful that she had a roof over her head after three months of humid weather and the occasional pouring rain. There was a small kitchen with a fridge, a living room with a television and a coffee table, a bathroom and a bedroom. It didn't seem like anyone had stayed here recently, but someone had definitely been around cleaning and maintaining the place.+

Olwen headed to put her things down in her new bedroom, deciding to shower first since hadn't had a proper bath in months. She had a thorough cleansing, and one hour later, threw the clothes she'd been wearing consistently into the washing machine. She found a simple t-shirt and shorts in the wardrobe, a little big for her but better than nothing. She made a mental note to ask Gamma Josh the following day about a good place in the Pack to find more clothes her size.+

When Olwen finally settled at the coffee table with the sandwiches she'd found stocked in the fridge, she felt more refreshed and satisfied than she had ever been in a while.+

If all went well, and Olwen really did become a part of the Moon River Pack, she was more than determined to prove she deserved a place here.+

......+

Gamma Josh returned to the house the following morning to pick her up, at which point he began to show her around.+

While the Pack wasn't as big as the Silver Arrow Pack, the facilities they had were still pretty impressive-they were the second most powerful in the Evergreen Wilds after all.+

The Gamma took her to the bakery that she'd seen the day earlier to buy breakfast. It was a small place, with a light pastel green signboard with the words 'Croissants and Co' painted in cursive.+

"This is the pack bakery, run by Mr and Mrs Atwood. They're the Beta's parents."+

A small bell rang as Olwen entered the bakery, and she was immediately surrounded by the aroma of fresh bread. The inside of the building was small but cozy, with warm lighting and a few tables and chairs. The display case was stacked with various loaves, buns, and other pastries - Elijah's parents started early.+

"Ah, hello there, you must be Olwen!"+

A middle aged woman who appeared to be in her late forties emerged from a curtain which briefly gave a glimpse of the kitchen behind. She wore a short sleeved light blue gingham shirt and jeans, and a pastel green apron with the bakery name printed on it. She had pale skin and freckles, along with darker brown hair and the hazel eyes similar to those of Beta Elijah.+

"Welcome to the Moon River Pack, and to Croissant and Co. What can I get you?"+

Just the sight of some warm, freshly baked food made Olwen's stomach growl.+

A few weeks later, in the Silver Arrow Pack+

"I'll take my leave, Stela. I trust that you'll inform me once my dress for the Luna Ceremony has been altered?"+

Stela smiled and nodded.+

"Of course, Luna Kylie."+

"Good, see that the seamstresses get to it quickly. The ceremony is in a few days, and I can't afford for anything to be out of place."+

Kylie turned and left the office, her omega attendant, Jessie, trailing behind her and giving a small wave to Stela.+

A few minutes later, Stela filed away her documents and closed her laptop before heading back home for the day.+

Upon arriving, she headed through the door, greeting her mother on her way through the living room, and went downstairs to where her younger brother's bedroom was. He hadn't been forced into the basement-on the contrary he chose to occupy it since it was the most spacious room in the house, where he could avoid disturbances from the outside world-including from their own father.+

She knocked on the door.+

"Cael? I'm back." She called out.+

"Come in." Came her brother's distracted reply.+

The moment Stela stepped into Cael's room and closed the door, she let out a sigh that summed up all the frustrations she'd been holding back for the past few days.+

"I cannot STAND that woman. She hasn't gone through her Luna ceremony yet, and she's already acting like she has! She somehow talked Alpha Bradley into giving her an attendant a few days ago and the poor girl is being bossed around. You should've seen how tired she looked." She ranted, sitting on the edge of her brother's bed.+

Cael briefly paused whatever programming he was doing on his computer and turned to face his sister in his chair.+

"Hm. It's fortunate you weren't at home a few hours earlier then. Dad came back to get something from the house for Miss Kylie, and he and Mum got into another shouting match."+

Stela sighed, taking off her glasses and massaging her nose bridge.+

If there was one thing Stela was, she was stubborn and stuck to her own beliefs. So when Olwen had left the Silver Arrow Pack and Kylie had taken her place, Stela had started out thinking it was her own fault that she wasn't warming up to the new future Luna.+

But as hard as she had tried to find some good in Kylie Paxton, she only ended up feeling more unsettled that she would have to work with her for a significant amount of her life moving forward.+

During the first few weeks, Kylie had been in tears, consistently wracked with guilt over what she had done to Olwen and spouting a whole lot of things: about how she'd made the mistake of becoming intimate with Aaron after she was rejected, and that she didn't deserve to be Luna. It had made other pack members soften towards her, at least in public. Stela herself had almost felt bad for Kylie, but then a good question had presented itself to her.+

If Kylie felt so bad about betraying Olwen with her fated mate, then why had she done it in the first place? When Aaron and Kylie were together she seemed all smiles in comparison, without a hint of regret.1

And then a month after Olwen's departure, things began their gradual shift.+

Claiming he was 'trying to safeguard the welfare of the next Luna', Alpha Bradley had made a warning against mentioning Olwen in public, and especially within earshot of Kylie. He'd already been very intent on clamping down on speculations regarding what had happened in the first place, only announcing that he and his son had decided that Miss Paxton would make a better Luna than Miss Adams, while Kylie had blabbed about their affair starting after she'd returned to the pack on her own.3

That same day, Kylie had then moved in with Aaron, occupying the very space Olwen had left behind. And that silver arrow necklace Stela recalled seeing Olwen wear the day of the Olive Branch Festival? It was now sitting around Kylie's neck instead.+

What a shameless she-wolf.+

Despite Stela being the quiet and diligent type when it came to interacting with most of her pack members, just having to be civil around the other she-wolf was really testing her-and Starr's-patience.+

Kylie proved to be a natural fighter, but her attitude towards other pack matters could be considered flippant at best. She showed little patience in interacting with others aside from important figures, and didn't bother with any other daily activities carried out in the Silver Arrow Pack, from patrols to helping to settle minor disputes amongst members. Other than social events that showed she was now Aaron's chosen mate and future Luna, Kylie had pretty much tossed everything else into the laps of Stela, Delta Jace and Gamma Edric.+

Earlier that day+

"Surely she can't be serious." Jace spoke, peering over Stela's shoulder as she was processing a receipt from the boutique. "She wants all the flowers on the dress to be changed from lilies to wisterias? This late?"+

"Indeed." Stela tried her best to draw her face into a smile as she typed the details into a spreadsheet. She was tracking all the expenses made by the members of the Silver Arrow Pack, and especially with her Luna and Marking Ceremony drawing near, Kylie was accumulating quite the costs.+

"She was perfectly happy with lilies, what happened?"+

"Apparently one of the warriors made a passing remark that Miss Adams had liked lilies too, and she flew into a rage." Gamma Edric recounted.+

He and Stela shared a pained expression as they recalled hearing how that same warrior had been sent to the pack clinic with a twisted ankle some minutes later.+

"I wanted to trust the judgement of Alpha Bradley, but while Kylie is a strong she-wolf, she's also dangerous if she would turn on one of her own subordinates." Jace muttered, keeping his voice low as they sat together in the conference room. "I never realised how volatile she was."+

"Maybe the guilt is eating away at her." Edric responded with a shrug. "The only reasons why a lot of the pack accept her as Luna is because Alpha Bradley and Aaron seem fine with it, and because she's a stronger she-wolf than Miss Adams. Though that second part could be because of fear rather than respect."+

The pack had been bursting with questions after the incident, even after Alpha Bradley had threatened them with punishment just for mentioning Olwen by name. And with several incidents caused by their new future Luna circulating, Stela could still hear whispers of speculation and hearsay.+

"Maybe it's for the better that Kylie becomes Luna, Olwen could never be stronger than her."+

"Kylie isn't just strong though, she's scary. My daughter saw her injure a warrior just for saying the wrong thing, and she came to me crying."+

"The Moon Goddess put Olwen and Aaron together, not Kylie. Olwen should be our Luna."+

"Olwen didn't even fight to stay in the pack and just left, we can't have such a disloyal she-wolf as our Luna!"+

"Well would you want to stay in a pack where your fated has replaced you with another?"+

"Maybe it's better to just leave it to the Alpha. If he thinks Kylie would make a better Luna, we can't do anything. Besides, maybe the rejection from Kylie's mate was meant to be so that she could come back to the Silver Arrow Pack..."+

A lovely morning in the Silver Arrow Pack was very quickly broken by the sound of everyone's phones chiming one after the other.+

And then, like the metaphorical floodgates opening, voices began to stream in through the pack mind-link, reactions ranging from shock, denial, disgust and outrage.+

"What the fuck is this?"+

"How could Aaron and Kylie do such a thing?"+

"It has to be fake, right?"+

"It all makes sense now, they lied to us!"+

"Look at how long they talked, they were so cruel..."+

"Alpha Bradley surely couldn't have allowed this!"+

"How could such sickening wolves lead the Silver Arrow Pack?"+

As Alpha Bradley read the string of emails that had been sent to everyone in the pack, his face grew redder and redder, until at last he tore out of his home.+

Dear Kylie,+

Is Oliver treating you well in the Snow Fang Pack? I can't help but be jealous, even though I have Olwen to worry about now. I miss you, babydoll.+

Aaron+

......+

Dear Aaron,+

You know that you're the only one on my mind. Oliver could never measure up to you. Think about my proposal and get back to me, okay?+

Kisses,+

Kylie+

......+

Dear Kylie,+

I've decided to agree to your suggestion. If you reject Oliver and return to the Silver Arrow Pack, l'll end things with Olwen and make you my chosen mate and Luna instead. I know my father will cover for me since Olwen is only an omega.+

Love,+

Aaron+

.......+

Hi Aaron,+

I'm on the way back to the Silver Arrow Pack. I've fulfilled my end of the deal and rejected Oliver. I'll tell everyone that Oliver rejected me so that Olwen doesn't suspect a thing. Now you keep your promise.+

Kylie+

Those were just three emails in a whole chain, some messages more explicit than the rest.+

Ignoring the shouts and protests of Beta Kayden and Sylvie, Alpha Bradley broke down their door, hauled Cael from his bed and dragged him right out into the centre of the pack. Everyone else hurried out at the sight of the commotion, stunned and dazed.+

"Why did you send such lies?" Alpha Bradley roared, holding the smaller man up by his collar.+

Cael breathed shakily, but despite being lifted several inches off the ground by his Alpha he had a look of fearful defiance on his face.+

"They're not lies, sir. I found them on Aaron's computer."+

"Cut the crap!" Alpha Bradley tossed the younger male to the ground, scattered gasps coming up from the onlookers. "If you don't tell me the truth, you'll be beaten and thrown into the dungeons!"+

"I am telling the truth."+

Growling, Alpha Bradley shifted into his wolf, prompting Cael to do the same to defend himself. The watching pack members let out cries of shock as Bastian lunged at Cobalt, quickly grabbing the smaller grey wolf by the scruff and tossing him away.+

"Alpha, stop!"+

A group of shifted wolves tore through the crowd and dragged Bastian off of Cobalt, the former still snapping his jaws angrily.+

Bastian shifted back into Alpha Bradley, who glared at Cael as he resumed his human form as well. He begrudgingly restrained himself as he felt a cloak being thrown over him and realised that the main wolf withholding him had been Aaron's.+

The other wolves shifted and covered themselves swiftly as well - Beta Kayden, Sylvie, Delta Jace and Gamma Edric.+

The final wolf to shift was a jet black wolf with indigo eyes - Starr.+

"Take your grievances up with me, Alpha." Stela spoke firmly, throwing the cloak around her body as she shifted back. "Cael acted on my behalf."+

All eyes on site shot straight to the Beta's daughter, including her father. "Stela...?"+

"Of course it was you." Alpha Bradley growled, standing up. "Only you would remain loyal to that exiled omega."+

"Your family is one to talk about loyalty." Stela allowed her voice to ring out through the air. "Olwen would have willingly given her life to this pack, and you know it."+

"Stela, you've done enough. Just calm down and we'll talk this out." Aaron, still restraining his father in case, tried to use his authority on her.+

"What is there to talk about that isn't already out in the open?" Stela raised her voice some more. "Cael knows what he saw when he tapped into your email account. Your affair with Kylie didn't start after she came back from the Snow Fang Pack, it started before she left."+

Despite the emails having been put out there for the entire pack to view, Aaron's face paled upon it actually being addressed out loud.+

"Both you and Kylie lied to Olwen. You lied to the pack." Stela's eyes blazed with anger, catching everyone off guard-she'd never gotten upset to this degree in front of others. "You led her on, made her believe you truly loved and cared for her, only to throw it all in her face because you didn't have the balls to admit you were fucking another she-wolf a few months into your relationship."+

Murmurs of disapproval and disbelief swept over the pack members as Aaron's face reddened. Seeing she wasn't going to get a reply, Stela kept talking.+

"You sustained your relationship with Kylie all while she was in the Snow Fang Pack with her mate, and then you made a deal that you would replace Olwen with her if she came back to the Silver Arrow Pack. You upheld her lie that she was rejected to evoke sympathy, so no one would do shit when she became your mate and the Luna. I would love to see you explain all that."+

"It's not my fault the Moon Goddess mated me to an omega!" Aaron burst out angrily. "I knew straightaway she was too weak for me! I tried with her but she didn't get me the way Kylie does!"+

"Then you should have told her the truth and rejected her! Or did you not do it because you thought she would be too weak to handle it?" Stela sneered, her brown eyes turning bitter. "Must have been a real humbling experience when she rejected you instead."5

"Enough!" Alpha Bradley growled, stalking towards Stela. "You are to be the Beta of this pack once Aaron is made Alpha. But it appears all you know how to do is stir up trouble!"+

"Me?" Stela threw back her head and laughed, her emotions running high. Everyone watching was sure the Alpha could kill her right there and then, but his son, Delta and Gamma were holding him back with wary expressions.+

"If you didn't actually entertain Aaron and Kylie's bullshit, there would be no trouble for me to stir up and you know it."+

"I was thinking of what was best for the pack!"+

If there was a word to sum up the reports on Olwen Adams that Alpha Landon received from Gamma Josh, it would be 'spotless'.+

Other than familiarising herself with the Moon River Pack's various amenities and atmosphere, there was nothing Olwen had done to make others wary of her.+

When Cassidy and Josh had started spending time with her in an attempt to get to know their new pack mate and worm out any possible secrets the she-wolf could have, they found none. The young lady was practically an open book, and once they asked about the events that had brought her to the pack, Olwen straightforwardly laid out the full story, stating she had accepted what had occured and was okay with others knowing.+

She became a frequent visitor to the bakery, but not to extract secrets from the parents of the Beta. She initiated easy and enjoyable small talk with the older couple as she waited for her orders, hearing their stories of their younger days while she told them of her best friend and younger brother, the former of whom had almost become her second-in-command. Jasper and Nicole were now quite fond of Olwen, and curious indeed to be introduced to the almost-Beta she spoke endearingly of. All this conversation about Stela made Olwen a little wistful - she considered finally giving her friend a call but decided to leave her phone off. Aside from still being unsure about what was happening in the Silver Arrow Pack now, she didn't want to appear as if she was spying on their behalf.+

Beta Elijah, who'd already sympathised with her story, had established a friendship of sorts with Olwen. They both liked to read, though Olwen spent more time reading up on the history of wolves and their packs while Elijah, having been taught these all this life, preferred adventure, fantasy and the odd romance novel. He insisted on hiding that final detail from Alpha Landon, given that love (up until recently) was a bit of a sore spot for his friend.+

On day three of her stay here, Olwen had seen a notification from the Evergreen Wilds forum - The Silver Arrow Pack was having their Alpha, Luna and Marking Ceremonies, all that day.+

Delta Cassidy had held her close, a reassuring arm on her shoulder as Olwen finally and truly came to terms with the fact that Kylie had taken her place.+

"Don't think about it anymore. Your place will be with us." Cassidy assured her, as Olwen looked up and gave her a small, sad smile for what could have been.+

And Cassidy was right; Olwen's place was now with the Moon River Pack.+

......+

The official Integration Ceremony was a more well-attended affair than Olwen had thought.+

The Silver Arrow Pack rarely accepted new pack members-with Kylie being an exception since she'd been from the pack beforehand-but as Olwen entered the field where the ceremony was to take place, she was sure there wouldn't be so many other people here to see her if they'd done a similar event back there.+

Wearing a simple sky blue dress and with her hair tied into a ponytail, Olwen was taken aback by the cheers and applause that went up from the other attendees as she approached. As she walked down past the rows of benches that had been put out, she recognised many whom she'd talked to since getting to the Moon River Pack, wolves who'd started out wary of her but were now excited to have her as a fellow pack member. She also saw Beta Elijah, Delta Cassidy and Gamma Josh all seated near the main platform with their families, all of them smiling at her warmly and encouragingly.+

And Alpha Landon, who stood at the platform with his hands clasped. He was trying to keep his expression neutral, but as Olwen neared and stepped onto the platform to face him, she saw the hint of a smile and a flash of adoration in his blue eyes that made her heart flutter slightly and Opal swoon.+

As soon as the noise died down, Landon spoke his voice ringing out through the night air.+

"Olwen Adams, do you swear to devote yourself to the happiness, prosperity and peace of the Moon River Pack?"+

"I swear."+

"Do you swear to look out for your pack mates no matter the situation, even with your previous ties?"+

"I swear."+

"Do you swear to protect the Moon River Pack with all you have?"+

"I swear."+

"Then I congratulate you officially, as Olwen Adams of the Moon River Pack!"+

More applause and cheering erupted as Alpha Landon tied a blue ribbon around Olwen's wrist, and she looked up at her new Alpha with a warm, grateful smile.+

"Thank you, Alpha Landon."+

The man nodded at her, and Olwen felt her cheeks start to flush before she had to break their gazes and head back off the platform.+

As a now official member of the Moon River Pack, Olwen spent the next hour or so talking with others before Delta Cassidy approached her with a clearing of the throat.+

"So Olwen, is your wolf ready for her integration?"+

Olwen could feel Opal jumping around excitedly inside her and nodded.+

"She's more than ready."+

"Great, come on! The site is ready."+

Olwen followed Delta Cassidy to a patch of forest just outside, a number of attendees to her Integration ceremony following behind and alongside, chattering with excitement.+

Beta Elijah had explained to her that the integration process for a wolf would involve more activity, where she would have to wait for all the other participating wolves to hide before setting out to look for them. It was almost like hide and seek, except this was also an opportunity for Olwen's wolf to become used to detecting the scents of her new pack mates.2

Delta Cassidy wished her good luck, and Olwen sat calmly down and waited as everyone shifted and disappeared amongst the trees. She closed her eyes, breathed in and out, and then once the bell rang, she shifted. With the blue ribbon still tied securely around one of her paws, Opal bounded into the forest in front of her.+

While Opal had never been the strongest or fastest wolf, her best skill - even before her Luna training - had been her sense of smell.+

Even if a wolf were to roll themselves in mud or something far more pungent to mask their scent, Olwen and Opal could still identify who it was under all that. When Opal and Starr ran together, no matter how hard Starr (and Stela) tried to conceal themselves, the latter's blackberry and lemon scent was something Opal could always pick up on.+

Opal found most of the regular pack members with no issue. A couple of the younger wolves were crouching in bushes and on the lower branch of trees, and the silvery gray wolf went closer and lightly booped each one as a means of elimination. Opal crouched to help some of the more adventurous ones down from the trees, and turned to make sure they were alright as the crowd of found pack members grew. The more mature wolves were located one after the other, most of them having tried something to conceal their scent but not really succeeding in Opal's view.+

Most of the participants have been found, we're just missing the higher ups. Olwen assured Opal.+

A familiar wildflower scent reached Opal's nose, and after some sniffing, she looked up to see a reddish brown shape in the trees above and howled to signify her find.+

After cooling down and taking a shower, Olwen was eating in her new home. She'd been moved in here after her Integration Ceremony, and was still in the process of decorating her space. As she finished, Gamma Josh spoke to her through the mindlink.+

Go to the Alpha's parents' house once you're free. They requested to see you.+

Wearing a grey polo T-shirt and jeans, Olwen left her home and cycled to where Landon's parents stayed. Josh had pointed it out to her during one of her first few days in the pack, but she hadn't really seen or talked to Mr and Mrs Cartwright yet.+

As she knocked on the door of the house, she briefly prayed to the Moon Goddess and hoped she hadn't done something to tick off the Alpha's parents.+

The woman that answered the door had dark hair with small wisps of grey, but kind blue eyes like Landon's.+

"Hello, Mrs Cartwright...you and your husband wanted to see me?" Olwen asked cautiously.+

"Why yes, we wanted to finally meet the newest member of our son's pack." Landon's mother smiled and stepped aside to allow Olwen to enter the house. "I'm not sure why, but my son wasn't too keen on us meeting with you so quickly during your first week here."+

Despite her words, Olwen caught the teasing glint in the older woman's eye and felt the blood rush to her face. Even if Landon hadn't said it out loud, his parents probably saw right through him.+

"I see...well it's nice to meet you finally, Mrs Cartwright. I'm Olwen."+

"Wonderful to meet you, Olwen! And please, no need to be so formal with us. I am Holly, and my husband, whom will be down shortly, is Wendell." Olwen shook Holly's hand, surprised by the firmness in it. But then again, what did she expect from an Alpha's mother?+

"Ah, Miss Olwen, you're here!" Landon had definitely inherited his father's dirty blonde hair, as the older man approached and shook Olwen's hand as well. "It's a pleasure to welcome you. I heard about what happened to you in your previous pack, and I apologise on behalf of all alphas. Alpha Bradley is as prideful as he is stubborn."+

Surprise flickered through Olwen's eyes. "I see." She'd seen how Alpha Bradley had interacted with the other leaders at the function, and everyone looked polite. On the surface, at least, because no one wanted to offend the Alpha of the strongest pack in the forest.+

"Well, come in, we must talk." Holly spoke with a warm smile.+

Olwen had a strangely comfortable conversation with Wendell and Holly for the next half an hour, considering who they were. They didn't address how she ended up at the Moon River Pack, instead sharing random anecdotes about recent events. The two older adults were keen to hear about Olwen's experiences in her new environment and how she'd found her Integration ceremony, of which Olwen carefully avoided mentioning anything about the little moment Opal and Lark had.+

Before Olwen was about to leave however, Holly passed her a plastic wrapped box.+

"Oh yes, we were hoping you could help us pass this to our son? He should be in his office about now."1

"Uh...sure." Olwen managed, glancing down to find that she had been handed a box of tea. She'd seen a mug of chamomile sitting at Landon's desk the first and last time she'd been to his office, so that made sense.+

The two nodded brightly, knowing all too well what they were doing.2

"Thank you, Olwen. We'll see you around." Wendell said with a grateful smile before they closed their door and Olwen left, clutching the box.+

Cycling up to the building, Olwen located Alpha Landon's office fairly easily. Passing by the main rooms and down the corridor, she relaxed upon receiving his forest after rain scent, only to tense up again as the sweet smell of vanilla and honey reached her too. She'd smelt it before, in fact a few days ago during the integration activity with Opal - it had belonged to a small cream coloured wolf she'd found crouching amongst some bushes.+

It was a pleasant scent, but right now it made something inside of her curl.+

She knocked on Alpha Landon's door.+

"Come in." Came his voice.+

Olwen opened the door wide, seeing a young woman with platinum blond curls and green eyes getting up from the chair opposite Landon's desk. The Alpha himself was attempting a neutral expression, but Olwen could recognise the surprise and yet relief in his face the moment he laid eyes on her. As for the young woman, her eyes reflected dismay and some amount of irritation.+

"Your parents wanted to pass you this." Olwen said, trying to ignore the envious feeling gnawing at her stomach as she held up the box of chamomile tea.+

Landon stood up, heading towards her just to accept the box.+

"Oh, well uh, I'll have to thank them later. But thank you for bringing it over, Olwen. Could you stay for a while more? There's something I'd like to talk to you about."+

He lightly pushed across another box of chocolates to the blonde woman - it appeared to be some kind of present, wrapped neatly with a bow.+

"Elise...for the final time, I'm not interested in your gifts. Please go and save it for someone else. And if you keep coming back here again, I'm going to have to ask Beta Elijah to ban you from this building."3

Elise opened her mouth to say something, but as her eyes met with Olwen's she closed it. She nodded to Landon, looking a bit more embarrassed before she retrieved her chocolates and left, closing the office door behind her.+

"Who was that?" Olwen asked Landon curiously, as she turned back to the desk.+

"I mentioned a lot of she-wolves in my own pack have been trying to win me over." Landon replied, unwrapping the tea box and placing it in a drawer. "Elise is...by far the most persistent. I'm grateful my parents sent you here, I was prepared to have her escorted away."+

That name definitely rang a bell. Olwen felt Opal growling a little and hushed her.+

"I take it you said you needed to talk to me as a way to get Elise to leave..."+

"Oh...not really. It did help to get her to leave but I did actually want to talk to you." Landon assured her, beckoning her to sit down.+

"...Oh. What did you want to address?" Olwen's mind flashed back to the small interaction between their wolves a few nights ago.+

"I hope your new residence is to your satisfaction." Landon spoke, fixing his eyes on her. "And that no one in the Moon River Pack has been giving you trouble."+

"Yes, my new place is perfectly fine. It's small, but manageable for one person like me." Olwen told him. "And ever since I came here, everyone has been at least civil or polite towards me, even though I'm not originally from your pack."+

Landon nodded, looking as if he was searching her eyes for any sign of discomfort before relaxing when he found none.+

"...That's good to hear."+

"Can I ask...how are you and your Pack adjusting so well? I would've thought the rogue attacks a few years back would have made everyone wary of me...even if I once was from another pack."+

Landon nodded thoughtfully, leaning back in his chair.+

"The rogue attacks dealt quite the blow of our pack. We're lucky that we didn't lose more of our own. People are still very much weary, but I try not to let it cloud my judgement, that every rogue outside of this pack is not to be trusted. That's why we have the increased security and monitoring in place if someone wants to stay in the pack."+

A few weeks later3

"I'm impressed it took you this long to come to the sick bay." Doctor Enzo remarked, wrapping a bandage around the now medicated gash on Olwen's shoulder. "Most people who spar with Delta Cassidy for the first time end up far worse than this."+

Olwen winced as she felt the medicine settle into her wound with a slight stinging sensation as the bandage was fastened.+

"...I did train with the Silver Arrow Pack's Beta for a few years. I came prepared."+

"Hm. Maybe." The doctor nodded, finishing up before he stepped back. "You might want to wait on that wound to heal before doing any training again though. It shouldn't take long since it's not a major injury, and your wolf should help speed up the process."+

"Okay. Thanks, Doctor Enzo."+

Olwen hadn't met Doctor Enzo until a few days ago-he'd been away from the Moon River Pack attending medical school. But even though he was young, in fact slightly younger than her from what she remembered, he definitely had a good head on his shoulders.1

The first time Olwen had ever witnessed blood in person was when the first wolf in the Silver Arrow Pack was killed by a rogue. She couldn't remember who it was-an older woman she supposed-but she'd remembered the way her then nine year old self had reacted upon seeing the body. That sight had haunted her mind for days after, to the point where she refused to sleep alone and needed her parents to stay by her bedside.+

She hoped that Doctor Enzo would not have to face such things, and if he did, that he would take it far better than she had.+

Olwen walked back to her home this time round, greeting the members that called out to her as she did.+

It was a common sight now to see Olwen heading to the training centre each morning at least three or four times a week, and emerge exhausted after a few hours long session with Cassidy.+

She had progressed quickly under the Delta's guidance. After mastering dodging different forms of attacks, Cassidy had upped it further by showing her how to take down her attacker after evading them. There were many options that in the end were whittled down to two: stay in human form, or shift into your wolf.+

Opal was more than happy to take control for a while and train with Cerise. Olwen and Opal had always cooperated on most fronts, but having to coordinate the pivotal moments to shift when facing an opponent on the field was a new challenge. It was exactly that - shifting one moment too late - that gave Olwen the injury she had just gotten treated - and Cassidy did warn her it would have been worse if it was an actual enemy.+

Aside from training in combat, Alpha Landon had actually followed through on his offer to take her swimming in the river near pack borders. Sometime after their initial conversation in his office, he'd summoned her with the mind-link. She didn't consider her time spent with him in this manner to be as rigorous as Cassidy's training, but Landon was still the Alpha of Moon River Pack, consisting of wolves whom all had been accustomed to water and swimming from a young age.+

That, and Olwen had to admit to herself that she wanted to impress Landon.+

The two of them knew very well there was something between them, and in her case, Olwen had to reign Opal in somewhat to prevent her from becoming too eager. And by the Moon Goddess, did it get more difficult each time.+

Being in proximity with Alpha Landon, whether just staring at him up close or a slight contact of skin or fur, made her flustered. When she'd first met him a year ago she'd already noted he was quite handsome, except back then she'd not pursued it further than that fleeting thought due to her matebond and what she'd thought was her perfect, loving relationship with Aaron.+

Now, it was like Olwen had forgotten what Aaron's scent was like. Even just catching a whiff of Landon's scent made Olwen's head spin - it was still just as comforting as it had been the first time she'd scented him, but now it evoked a reaction from her that felt dangerously close to the way she'd felt the first time she'd realised Aaron was her fated mate.1

But it couldn't be.+

It feels like the matebond, but at the same time it's not quite. What does it feel like to you?+

I'd describe it like that. Opal responded, just as confused. His scent makes me alert and excited, but I don't recognise him as our mate...yet.+

Yet? Olwen frowned to herself at this. He can't be our fated mate. Wolves only get one fated mate in their lifetime, and ours was Aaron until he betrayed both us and his wolf. Even if this thing with Alpha Landon progresses into something more, he won't be a fated one.+

I know...but it's like...Opal wondered aloud. It's like the more time we spend with him and Lark...the stronger our ties to him are.+

The conversation she'd shared with Landon that day, and the brief small talk since had only increased her respect, admiration, and yes interest towards the Alpha. +

He'd formed a natural camaraderie with a lot of his pack mates growing up, explaining why even after his mate's rejection and the low point he'd hit, he was still able to lead them so well. +

Olwen had seen enough of Alpha Bradley and Aaron to know they didn't spend time with their pack mates that way - they carried themselves as if the rest of the pack were beneath them. But Landon wasn't feared the same way she realised Alpha Bradley had been...he was feared in a way, but his pack members also looked up to him. She'd come to know of the many things Landon had done for his family, friends and Pack over the past few weeks, and it only strengthened her impression of him.+

She'd also seen Landon training if they were in the centre at the same time, and his physical strength and skill were both impressive. The day she'd seen him, he'd knocked over several dummies within a span of twenty seconds.+

And he doesn't look too bad like this either. Opal had said aloud as Olwen's eyes had landed on Landon's muscles at some point, sending her some very inviting and not quite family-friendly images.1

Olwen had turned beet red and immediately hurried away to find some water, secretly shoving those images away for another time.+

And that day in his office, when Landon had asked her about her hobbies, Olwen had responded honestly. She had enjoyed flower arranging and cross stitching, but had gradually given them up once she began her Luna training since she was informed they were distractions. She couldn't be this open around Aaron as he'd remind her to focus on 'what was important'.+

Landon had immediately frowned at this, even more so when she told him it had been a year since she'd last touched a stitching needle. So after their last swim, he had immediately steered her to a small craft store and informed her that giving herself to the pack did not constitute giving up things that she loved.+

"I can't imagine the kind of Alpha Aaron is...the kind of pack environment he and his father are encouraging if what you tell me is true! I swear by the Moon Goddess that I wouldn't have asked the same thing of you if you were to become the - "+

Landon had immediately stopped short and scratched the back of his neck.+

"Apologies, I'll leave you to it." He had grunted in a hurry before turning and leaving, robbing Olwen of the chance to ask him to stick around so they could talk more.+

"So I'm not quite sure when, but as you heard, Stela is on her way to the Moon River Pack with her brother Cael and their mother Sylvie." Olwen spoke, looking at the four in the Alpha's office with her. "You can search my phone if you need, but I haven't had any contact with her since I left the pack. She doesn't know that I'm here, and this was the last voicemail she left me."+

Olwen had deliberated telling the authorities before deciding that since she knew, it was better to pre-empt the arrival of more former members from the Silver Arrow Pack. Firstly, she didn't want her friend and her family attacked for having ill-motives. And secondly, if she held back this information, she doubted it would look good on her behalf.+

She just hoped Stela would understand.+

To assuage any doubts, she'd played the voicemail for Landon, Elijah, Cassidy and Josh as they were gathered in the former's office.+

"So...Stela," Cassidy began thoughtfully, still absorbing what she'd heard. "She was training to be Beta back in the Silver Arrow Pack until...this?"+

"From the sounds of it." Olwen nodded. "If she'd stayed in the pack, she would've been appointed Beta after the Ceremonies were over."+

"That makes sense." Gamma Josh muttered. He was looking up the announcement of the Alpha, Luna and Marking Ceremonies on the Evergreen bulletin on his phone. "The Beta in this post is still named as Beta Kayden Anderson."+

"Yup, her father. And my first trainer."+

"Ohhhh." Delta Cassidy said with a snort. "Sounds like the man has less of a spine than the rest of his family."+

Olwen wanted to disagree but kept her mouth shut - she didn't know what had happened between Stela and her father yet after all.+

"So Stela's brother hacked into Alpha Aaron's mail and unearthed the messages?" Beta Elijah commented aloud.+

Olwen shrugged and nodded again. She was trying to calm her nerves and not see this as an interrogation, though she was by all means still the newest member of the Moon River Pack and had only been here for a month or so.+

"I don't put it past him to know how to do that. He left the pack for a few years to study programming, and he's a natural."+

"Hm. You know if what you say happened really did, he could be a useful addition to our pack as well." Gamma Josh remarked. +

"Olwen."+

Everyone quieted at the sound of Alpha Landon's voice, who was facing her in his desk, his gaze serious.+

"I understand that these people are close friends of yours from the Silver Arrow Pack, and as such we will keep a look out for them and will not treat them with hostility when they arrive. But, I'm sure you know that this will have to come with certain agreements, especially if things go south."+

Olwen nodded, her face just as solemn.+

"I understand, Alpha."+

"Firstly...if they intend to stay in the Moon River Pack they will have to undergo the same initiation phase that you went through. No special favours. And secondly.."+

Concern flashed in Landon's blue eyes.+

"If something goes wrong, you're aware that your position in the pack could be jeopardised."+

Olwen nodded again with all sets of eyes on her.+

"I'm aware. And I'm willing to take that chance."+

"If Stela really is coming to us for some kind of...help with the new Alpha and Luna of the Silver Arrow Pack, this could be something." Cassidy remarks, leaning against the Alpha's desk. "The Silver Arrow Pack has been the uncontested leader and representative of the Evergreen Wilds Packs for years since its inception."+

"Yes..." Alpha Landon contemplated the situation before he spoke. "There hasn't been a challenge in years between packs, and the last time it occured decades ago, it resulted in the death of the Moon River Pack Alpha."+

Olwen knew that too. The last Alpha to challenge the Silver Arrow Pack's position was Alpha Morrison, and while he fought bravely, he was no match for Alpha Edward, Aaron's ancestor. Morrison ended up bleeding to death after refusing to surrender.+

"But if the Silver Arrow Pack remains the strongest with Alpha Aaron and Luna Kylie, I can't imagine what direction they'll take the rest of the packs in." Beta Elijah pointed out.+

"Perhaps we'll wait until Stela and her family really arrive here that we'll receive more details." Olwen suggested.+

Alpha Landon nodded, but the look of determination in his eyes gave away what he was thinking.+

If it really came down to it, Landon would have to take on Aaron of the Silver Arrow Pack for title of strongest Alpha in the Evergreen Wilds.3

He hurt Opal. Lark huffed, pacing around agitatedly in Landon's mind. He's driving his own pack members away. He cannot be what represents the packs of this region.+

We will have to train more, prepare ourselves for what could come...1

As Cassidy, Elijah and Josh talked amongst themselves, Landon's gaze fell back on Olwen. She was dressed in a simple collared t-shirt and jeans, her pale brown curls falling nicely around her shoulders. His heart stopped the moment he looked into her eyes and saw the resolve there.+

All at once, her lavender and honey scent came towards him, despite the presence of three other people in the room.+

Lark was suddenly jumping up.+

Olwen and Opal smell wonderful....why haven't you m-3

NO. Too soon, Lark!+

Landon had to break his gaze from Olwen's before taking a random file from his desk and pretending to be busy.+

.....+

I get it's been years since Reyna and Rianne, but we can't just jump and mark the next she-wolf we have an interest in!3

But she clearly likes us! Lark whined, his sandy tail wagging.+

Landon sipped his chamomile tea again and sighed, leaning back in his chair and massaging his eyes.+

She's still new to the Moon River Pack, and I'm not going to push her. Plus now we have all this coming our way... I swear to the Moon Goddess Lark, if you can't control yourself I'm going to have to-+

Finnnne. Lark snorted, trotting to the back of Landon's mind and sitting there. But do NOT let this she-wolf go.+

Landon sighed inwardly. Ever since Olwen had joined the Moon River Pack a month ago, Lark had become increasingly difficult to reign in around her. When they'd gone swimming together, even just light brushes sent tingles through his skin and sent his wolf into a frenzy. He'd have to submerge himself in the water just to clear his head for a moment.+

Olwen Adams had definitely made the Moon River Pack a better place since she'd arrived, even if she didn't know it.+

A lot of the pack members enjoyed talking to her thanks to her easy going and humble nature. It was common knowledge now that she had originally been intended to assume the Luna position of the Silver Arrow Pack, and one could see the effects of that training on her.+

She'd played with the younger children more than once, settled minor disagreements between people, and adapted quickly to her new training under Delta Cassidy. The Delta herself had reported on Olwen's progress to him-she was still having trouble picking up some more complicated techniques, but her willingness and desire to learn more than made up for it.+

A few days later+

"I hope you liked the books I sent you, Beta Elijah."1

The Beta in question closed his eyes and sighed as Elise approached him with a dazzling smile.1

Up until a few week ago, he'd been in charge of fending the young omega away from Alpha Landon...but now who was going to fend her away from him? He was glad that Landon and Olwen had found another chance at romance in each other - as slow as they were taking things - but now that the Alpha was off limits, it appeared that Elise had made him her next unwilling target.+

Elijah turned towards her and gave her a simple, polite smile, moving out of the way when she tried to brush his arm.+

Admittedly, Elise was a rather beautiful lady. When they'd been teenagers, he'd nursed a crush on her for a brief time, but he refused to act on it due to the future matebonds they would have.1

"Your mate will be the Moon Goddess's gift to you." His father had told him, ruffling his hair with a smile. "Be patient, son. Once you find your mate...suddenly no one else in your life will matter as much anymore. And you'll do everything in your power to give them the world."2

Back then, his hormonal fifteen year old self prayed desperately to the Moon Goddess to make Elise his mate once they were of age. But that want faded months later, after Elijah realised that Elise seemed to have her eye on the future Alpha. Once his eighteenth birthday had passed and he didn't find his mate within the Moon River Pack, he was indifferent to the realisation that Elise was not fated to him.+

"I appreciate the thought, Elise, but I'm sure you know as well as anyone else in the Moon River Pack that I am waiting on my fated mate. Just as much as you should be waiting for yours." He stated to her matter-of-factly.1

Now, he could safely say he was relieved that Elise Ainsworth was not his mate. From what he'd seen of her in recent years, shamelessly pursuing Landon after he was rejected and then just switching to Elijah after treating him like chopped liver for almost a decade, the omega didn't have any respect for the matebond. Considering how quickly she'd appeared to have moved on from her infatuation with the Alpha, she hadn't had any genuine feelings for him either.+

"But Beta Eli..."+

"Elijah." He corrected her swiftly. He'd allowed her to call him Eli back in their teenage days, but now her clearly intentional use of that nickname made him cringe.+

Seriously, why did you let her call you that? Ellis snorted in his mind.+

"I understand your devotion to your mate, but it's been years and you haven't found them." Elise pointed out softly. "Just as I haven't found mine. What if your mate rejects you the way Alpha Landon's did?"+

The thought of his mate rejecting him made Elijah's heart wrench as Ellis rose and snarled defensively.1

Our mate is still out there. They can't reject us.+

Elijah quickly recovered and turned to properly face Elise. It was true his faith in the Moon Goddess had been shaken after witnessing the pain it caused his best friend, but he wasn't going to be the one to betray his fated even before they'd shown up.+

"I won't be sure until I meet them. Now please..do something more useful. I've sent the books back to your home so maybe you should read them instead. Now if you excuse me Elise, I'm busy."+

He then averted his gaze from her and walked quickly away.+

......+

Elise frowned, slowing to a stop as Beta Elijah strode out of sight.+

Growing up as an omega, she'd been coddled and pampered by her parents, and she hadn't had any issues bending people to her will just by using her innocent wide eyes and soft, gentle voice.+

So what was it about the Alpha and Beta of the Moon River Pack that they weren't at all phased by her attempts?+

When she began to mature, her parents were certain that a beautiful omega like her would become mates with the future Alpha. She may not have been the strongest or smartest she-wolf in the Moon River Pack, but she didn't need to be. All she needed to do was get with Landon and bear his pups.+

Landon didn't show the slightest interest in her when they were friends in high school, and when his eighteenth birthday passed and he found Rianne, her parents' hopes for her withered away. But then Rianne bolted after two months, rejecting Landon in the process.+

Convinced she would become Landon's chosen mate, she'd become more bold in pursuing him, sending him gifts and dropping by his office unannounced. Perhaps after being around her long enough, he would be swayed - except again, he didn't.+

The moment Olwen Adams entered his office, Elise saw the way Landon's eyes lit up.+

She had lost to another omega.+

And not any regular omega. Word was that Olwen had almost become the Luna back in the Silver Arrow Pack but was practically kicked out after her mate had an affair.+

Elise wanted to feel sorry for her, but all she could experience was shame and humiliation that Landon hadn't looked at her like that when they'd known each other for years, while Olwen had barely been here in comparison.+

So this was her way of salvaging her pride. If she couldn't become the Alpha's mate, she would become the Beta's instead.+

It might have been easier, she tried to convince herself. She knew that Beta Elijah had once liked her and surely she could unearth those feelings again. So even though it had already been a few days since she'd started her pursuit of the Beta and he hadn't budged, it was too soon to give up.+

What would our mate think of you? Ember huffed quietly in her head.5

Elise sighed, turning and heading back to her cottage where she was bound to get another 'motivational speech' from her father about being rebuffed.+

Nothing. Maybe we won't ever find our mate. Maybe they'll reject me.2

You don't know that.+

I do. I've been chasing after Landon for so long, everyone in the pack knows that. I will make Elijah mine.+

It won't be fair to you or the beta's mate. Ember growled. She was more of a mother figure to Elise than her own was, and regretted not surfacing sooner so she wouldn't have to be privy to all the stupid decisions her human was making.+

Just...don't, okay?+

Elise blocked out her wolf's protests as she stepped through her door.+

......+

Punch. Kick. Punch. Spin. Punch. Duck. Shift. Bite.+

There was no room for a breather as Opal shifted back into Olwen and aimed a flying kick at the dummy, sending it tumbling back onto the ground. She then quickly shifted again and pounced onto the dummy, practicing her aim for the opponent's throat.+

This was not one of Delta Cassidy's sessions. In fact, Olwen was sure she'd seen her having a picnic with Jackson on her way to the training centre.+

Olwen shifted herself back into her human form and redressed herself quickly before she headed over to dry her sweat with a towel and drink some water.+

The administration process that took place in Landon's office turned out to be a bit more complicated than previously thought.+

To be more specific, processing the papers for Sylvie and Cael were fine, but Stela had to write down her particulars whilst being seated in his Beta's lap.5

Beta Elijah had not left Stela's side since he'd laid eyes on her at the east borders. Even now, as she was writing down details on the form, the man had his arms wrapped around her waist, his facial expression that of a human in a fight with his wolf, trying to prevent himself from openly burying his nose in Stela's neck and inhaling her scent.+

Stela wasn't exactly unfazed either, her cheeks tinted a rosy pink as she tried her best to concentrate on penning her signature on the paper despite the way her hand shook. Standing aside and waiting for the administration process to be completed, Olwen had never seen her friend this flustered before, and even she herself was still coming to terms with how Beta Elijah and Stela had turned out to be fated. Sylvie and Cael waited beside her, their own expressions betraying their amusement.1

The awkward silence in the room dragged on, with only the clicking of computer keys and the distant rumbling of the air conditioner being heard before Alpha Landon spoke.+

"Allow me and my Beta to accompany you three to your tentative accommodations for the week."+

Everyone was startled by the low growling that was coming from Elijah, including Stela.+

Landon sighed and levelled his gaze rather sternly at him.+

"This is protocol for any wolves wishing to join the Moon River Pack, even if they are mates with any of the members."+

This was enough for Elijah to reluctantly fall silent and dip his head.+

"Of course, Alpha. Apologies." He muttered.+

Stela twisted her head around to look up at him, and immediately the Beta softened, reaching out one hand to gently tuck a stray strand of hair behind her ear. The she-wolf turned even redder and looked back down at the interesting nothingness on Alpha Landon's desk.1

.......+

"My sister has found her mate." Cael repeated. "I am going to have a brother-in-law. That is going to take some getting used to."+

Olwen and him were seated in the dining room of the temporary home, the very same which Olwen had stayed in when she first came to the Moon River Pack. Sylvie was already setting up the fridge and carrying out ingredients for dinner, and Olwen and Cael were talking while discreetly watching Elijah and Stela interact at the front porch of the house.+

Elijah was gently clasping her hands and saying something, his face earnest and his hazel eyes focused on her as if she was all his life depended upon now. They couldn't see Stela's expression, but she appeared to be nodding as she listened to what her mate was saying.+

The Beta then gently lifted her hands to his lips before stepping away and heading off. Stela turned and headed back into the house, her face still beet red and incredibly disoriented.+

"You good, sis?" Cael asked with a teasing smirk, as his sibling drew back a chair and sat down at the dining table next to them.+

"His name is Elijah Atwood." Stela spoke quietly, her eyes staring past both her brother and friend. "My mate..."+

Her eyes flashed indigo as she jerked her head in the direction in which the Beta had gone before she blinked and snapped herself out of it.+

"Sorry guys, everything that happened today is just...a lot to take in." She said, scratching the back of her neck. "We're staying in a new pack, and the pack's Beta is my fated."+

"No worries." Cael chuckled. "Finding your mate is a lot to take in."+

He paused as his phone chimed.+

"Oh...excuse me. I need to take this."1

Carl got up and went off into what had been designated as his room, leaving Olwen and Stela outside as Sylvie hummed in the kitchen, audibly turning on the stove and whisking something - probably eggs.+

Olwen noticed the conflicted look in Stela's gaze.+

"Are you okay?"+

"Yeah, it's just..."+

Stela leaned forward, her voice lowering with some amount of embarrassment.+

"...I've...never really thought about what it would be like to find my mate. After my eighteenth birthday passed and I knew my mate wasn't in the Silver Arrow Pack, I kind of just...chose not to think about it. My dad was training me to become his replacement once I was of age, so I just devoted all my thoughts to that."+

She shrugged and looked down nervously.+

"I can discuss pack matters and give speeches and presentations just fine, but I still can't talk to guys, let alone my mate."+

Sometimes, Olwen forgot that Stela was far from untouchable and had her own self-doubts as well. Back even before they'd become friends, she'd admired the girl from afar. Stela had been known for being hardworking and diligent even in her teenage years, to the point where she didn't really attend any parties or talk to others outside of studying and training. Only after Olwen had started her Luna training and grown closer to her did Stela admit to her that it wasn't because she didn't want to get to know her pack members - it was because she didn't know how to just talk with others without feeling self conscious.+

At this thought, she rubbed her friend's shoulder encouragingly.+

"I'm sure that your mate wouldn't mind that about you. Maybe you two still need time to get to know each other better, but from the way Beta Elijah couldn't take his eyes off you since the east borders..."+

"I know." Stela reddened again at the thought. "He spoke to me outside. He seemed so...happy and relieved. He told me how he'd waited years for me, and that he would do his best to be a good mate to me."+

Her lips pressed together.+

"But...what if he's just like this now because of how much he wanted to meet his fated? Once we start spending some time together he might be disappointed..."+

She covered her eyes and rested her elbows on the table.+

"He said he's going to come back here tomorrow to take me out on our first date...and I have no idea what to expect!"+

Olwen sighed softly and gently pried her friend's hands away from her face.+

"Give both him and yourself a chance, Stela. Don't think about what could go wrong before you even start. Putting aside all your fears, what do you think of Elijah?"+

Stela paused before looking up at Olwen.+

"Honestly? Based on first impressions?"+

"Uh...sure."+

"By the Moon Goddess that man is gorgeous." Stela burst out, as if she'd been holding that back for ages. "I never thought I had a type, but it would be him. He has such warm eyes, and I didn't know I had a thing for freckles until now. And he told me he loves to visit the library in his spare time...I didn't realise my mate would enjoy reading as much as I do."+

She paused as her eyes flashed to indigo and then back to dark brown again, and she blushed even more deeply.+

"Sorry...as you can probably tell Starr has been driving me up the wall since we found our mate. It's taken everything in me not to just jump the guy. Although something tells me he probably wouldn't have minded..."+

We interrupt your regularly scheduled programming of Olwen and Landon to bring you more Elijah and Stela...4

Also I've been seeing the sudden influx in votes for this story so thanks a lot everyone <3+

Stela was never really one to care about fashion.+

Back in the Silver Arrow Pack, Stela's outfits revolved around two things - comfortable and presentable enough. She cycled around the same few pairs of pants and shorts, with either a casual or collared shirt depending on the occasion. Only once in a while for special events did Stela put in more effort to dress up at the behest of her parents, despite Olwen's encouragements that she should have done so more often.+

Little did Olwen know, that it would take her friend finding her fated mate to start focusing more on the outfits she wore.+

"You sure I look okay?" Stela asked for the umpteenth time, fiddling with the outfit she'd settled on with her friend's help.+

"You're perfectly fine. Elijah mind linked me and told me you don't need to look too fancy, just dress casual."+

Casual was a denim button up shirt with pale lavender pants. After rummaging through the accessories that Stela had taken with her, Olwen had also thrown her a pair of star shaped earrings - self explanatory - and a cream coloured slouchy beanie.+

"He didn't tell you at all what he was planning for our first date?"+

Olwen grinned and shook her head. "Nope. Even if he did, I wouldn't tell you."+

"Oh, come on, Olwen!" Her friend playfully nudged her. "Give me something to go by at least..."+

"Enh, a bit late for that. He's here."+

Immediately Stela's eyes went wide and her head snapped in the direction Olwen was gesturing to.+

"Beta Elijah. Good morning."+

Olwen dipped her head to the approaching wolf, and after a split second of staring, Stela followed suit.+

"Good morning Beta."+

It was hard to miss how Elijah acknowledged Olwen with the briefest nod before his gaze was completely devoted to his mate. A warm smile, one of adoration and affection, grew on his face.+

"Are you ready for our date, Stela?"+

"I guess so." The young woman managed, her cheeks flushing again. Despite being here to encourage and support her friend, Olwen couldn't help the small chuckle at Stela's face.+

"Remember to bring my daughter back home by ten, young man!" Sylvie called from inside the house, though her tone was perforated with laughter.+

Stela covered her face, but didn't exactly have the time to respond as Elijah grinned widely and responded in kind to his mate's mother.+

"Will do, Mrs Anderson!"+

"Good luck, Stela." Olwen smiled and patted her shoulder before sauntering off to her training session for the day.+

......+

"Usually the Gamma shows around new arrivals to the Moon River Pack, but given our unique circumstances-" Beta Elijah grinned cheerfully at Stela. "I've agreed to do so today. We'll take it slowly, starting with the pack library."2

Stela had already taken note of the building that housed the library on her way into the Moon River Pack the day earlier, but actually walking inside was something new. On first glance it didn't seem as modern as the one in the Silver Arrow Pack was, but it had a more rustic feel to it. The lighting was warm, with tables, chairs and plush bean bags that some pack members were sitting on and reading. At the far corner, a librarian was narrating a book to a group of enthralled and excited kids, whom laughed and cheered with each impression the woman did of the characters.+

Stela cracked a smile. Once upon a time, she'd wanted to be a storyteller when she grew up, and as a child she'd narrated her books to not just her brother, but to her parents.+

"So..what kind of books would you like to search for?" Elijah asked her. His hand was clasping hers, as he gazed at her expectantly.+

Having that pair of hazel eyes gaze at her with such tenderness made Stela's heart melt, and Starr swoon with a soft purr.+

"Uh...I guess the...classic literature section?"+

Elijah smiled at her and pulled her over to the shelf in question.+

When Aaron and Olwen were still mates - before all the things he did came to light - Stela had always been amused at how lovesick Olwen was with the future Alpha. A part of her had declared she wouldn't behave the same way when or if she found her own mate.+

She had not expected the Moon Goddess to send her the man with hazel eyes, olive skin and ashen brown hair that was now holding her hand, with freckles that cemented him firmly halfway between adorable and hot. The moment their gazes locked at the east borders, with Starr on her paws and howling about their mate, Stela knew that she would do anything for her beloved. Even though she still didn't know what exactly - she wasn't an expert on romance or just interacting with people for anything other than pack matters. It had taken her a long while just to sleep the night before, and even longer not to dream of the Beta's addictive scent.+

If it was any consolation though, Beta Elijah seemed to reciprocate.+

He was patient as Stela went through the shelves of books in the classical literature section, and every time she pointed out a volume she was interested in, the next thing she knew was that said volume was in Elijah's grasp. As she casually spoke about why she enjoyed reading these books, he hung on her every word as the number of editions accumulated in his hands.+

There were also two more observations that Stela made. Firstly, it appeared that Elijah had been truthful when he mentioned he was a frequent visitor to the library. He knew all of the librarians there by name and had a 'designated' table that he'd somehow managed to reserve. It was a swinging bench type seating that faced a section of the wall that was glass, giving a good view of the scenery outside. Once Stela had picked out all the classical literature she was interested in, Elijah had them deposited at his area before assigning a librarian to watch them and bringing her to another shelf.+

Secondly, Elijah was incredibly open about him having found his mate. Stela was aware that some of the pack members had seen them being guided to Alpha Landon's office the day earlier - during which the Beta had none too subtly held on to her throughout - but even here, his body language and the way he spoke to her implied enough to anyone who saw them.+

It made Stela flattered but also somewhat self conscious. She didn't need to zero in on any person's conversations within this building to guess that they were whispering about her.+

But the library date in itself was...nice. Elijah himself had chosen some novels, and as they read their separate books, they made occasional and light conversation. The day before, they'd already shared the basic personal details, and Stela had dreaded that she would struggle to ask him about any other topic. Fortunately for her, their common ground in love for reading and apparently libraries helped to rectify this.+

It was a couple hours later, and Elijah and Stela were in the midst of an...interesting discussion. Stela had been a fan of the Hunger Games books as a teenager, but hadn't really watched the films aside from the first one, while Elijah somehow had seen all the films but never read the books. With how passionate both sides were in this, it was a miracle that they weren't shushed by any librarians and still managed to maintain an acceptable volume.+

My first time doing this so I hope this works :')+

I'll slowly add more characters!+

(Update: Okay, I think this will be it!)+

Olwen Adams+


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

Landon Cartwright3


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

Stela Anderson+


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

Cael Anderson+


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

Elijah Atwood+


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

+

Joshua Foster (I realise I have never mentioned his last name lmao)+


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

Elise Ainsworth+


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

Enzo Aguilar+


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

Aaron Young (I wasn't sure what to put for the quotes for both him and Kylie sooo yeah xD)+


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

Kylie Paxton+


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

"Then I congratulate you officially, as Sylvie, Stela and Cael Anderson of the Moon River Pack!"+

Watching from the seats below this time, Olwen smiled brightly and applauded more enthusiastically than everyone around her for the newest additions to the Pack. It was something to see Stela and her family do what she'd done a few months ago.+

As Alpha Landon tied the blue ribbons around each of their wrists, Stela lifted her dark brown eyes and met with Olwen's gaze.+

Olwen, is this working?+

Olwen couldn't help the way the smile widened on her face upon hearing her friend's voice in her head again as she tested out her newly formed mind-link with the rest of the pack.+

It is! Welcome to the Moon River Pack officially, Stela!+

Relief and happiness flooded Stela's expression, and even Alpha Landon, who had just finished tying the blue ribbon on the girl's wrist, followed her gaze and realised what she and Olwen were doing.+

The smile he sent Olwen made her skin grow hot.+

A lot had happened in the past week. Not only had Stela, Cael and Sylvie come and seek residence, but Stela and Elijah were fated mates. Olwen hadn't witnessed every date the couple had gone on, but she was glad that things seemed to be going well, despite Stela's reservations at the beginning. Even now, Beta Elijah was standing a little off to the side on the platform where Alpha Landon and Stela and her family were on, his hazel eyes all for her as he clapped.+

Practically the whole pack could tell they were together. Beta Elijah had never allowed a she-wolf near him after knowing his mate wasn't from his pack originally, until the last few days since Stela's arrival. He'd held her in his arms, walked her to any place she asked, and growled at any man who dared to make a pass at the young woman.+

Olwen had been so preoccupied prep talking Stela and catching up with Cael and Sylvie as well that the kiss she'd shared with Alpha Landon at the training centre had almost slipped her mind.+

Key word: Almost.+

Anyway, maybe it was due to the fact that there were more playing seeker, but the initiation of the three new wolves proved to be much more enjoyable.+

Olwen gladly took part in the activity as one of the hiding wolves this time round, though Sylvie's wolf Soren found her halfway into the game. This also marked the first time Elijah and Stela's wolves met - and Starr made sure it was memorable by forgoing every single other wolf in the area and seeking out her mate first and foremost. Even after coming out of his hiding place, it took a while for Ellis to leave; Starr had triumphantly and affectionately licked his cheek before striding away to find her second target, leaving the chestnut brown wolf gazing at her black, almost glittery pelt in amazement.1

Having waited outside the area once she'd been found, Olwen was surprised to see Cobalt and Janus trotting out of the trees together. Cael rarely talked to others and even more rarely shifted in public - but he seemed to have become rather close friends with Gamma Josh if their wolves were this comfortable together.6

Given how Cael had been treated like an oddball in the Silver Arrow Pack compared to his sister, he seemed happier here. This would be a new beginning for him as well.1

......+

As Olwen walked with the Andersons back to their temporary home - their house was in the process of being set up for them to move into now that they were officially members of the Moon River Pack - Stela was talking on excitedly about how fun the initiation ceremony had surprisingly been, with Sylvie teasing her about Beta Elijah.+

Sylvie already had a dinner with Stela and Elijah the night before, and on the contrary to most people's fears, the pair already got along swimmingly, aside from Sylvie warning him that regardless of whether he was the Beta or not, that if he ever broke her daughter's heart she would do the same to his kneecaps.2

As they arrived at the doorstep of the house, Olwen hugged Stela and was about to bid her goodnight when Cael spoke up.+

"Hey, uh...Olwen? Can you stay for a while? I need to talk to all of you about something."+

Olwen paused, seeing the pensive expression on his face.+

"Alright. I'm in no rush."+

Everyone headed into the house, and Cael waited for the other three to settle onto the couch. He pressed his lips together and clasped his hands, causing his mother and older sister to look on in concern.+

"You okay, sweetheart?" Sylvie voiced, her voice gentle.+

Cael took a deep breath, closing his eyes before turning to face them.+

"There's...uh...something I need to tell you all. I've been putting it off because I didn't think I would ever have to tell you, and, I didn't want the way everyone back at home looked at me to get worse. But I realise that I can't keep holding this in anymore."2

He swallowed, allowing a moment of silence before he spoke again.+

"...I'm bisexual."7

"Oh." Sylvie was the first person to respond, not looking upset at all and instead appearing surprised and curious. "When did you realise?"+

"Well..." Cael flushed with embarrassment. "When I was fourteen and I was jealous when Amelia Fulton got the chance to kiss Evan Richards during that game of Truth or Dare in the packhouse? I realised I didn't know who I was more jealous of."+

"Hm, understandable." Stela nodded as Olwen cracked a smile. "I thought Evan was attractive too, until I met Elijah of course."+

"But anyways..." Sylvie lightly interjected, pulling Cael into a hug with a warm smile. "You like both. That doesn't change a thing...you're still my son. I'm just sorry that you felt like you couldn't tell us sooner."1

Stela and Olwen didn't say anything yet - Sylvie had taken all the words they wanted right of their mouth - but they joined her and enveloped the bespectacled man in a group embrace.+

"That brings me to my next point." Cael said, brushing his hair. "There's been a...significant development that brought this on. I've found my mate in the Moon River Pack as well."1

Sylvie gasped, her hands clasping together with excitement.+

"You have?" Stela exclaimed, gaping at her younger brother. "How did we miss that? Who are they?"+

"It's Joshua." Cael burst out, the blood rushing to his cheeks.11

It took everyone a few seconds to register that name.+

"...You mean...Gamma Josh?" Olwen repeated, her mouth open with surprise. Come to think of it, she hadn't seen much of the Gamma or Cael the entire week, not until the initiation ceremony.+

"...Yup." Cael accentuated on the 'p', a shy smile growing on his face.+

"Holy shit." Stela said, a moment before grasping her younger brother by the shoulders with an overjoyed expression.+

"My brother has found his mate! Well, I saw him the first day we were here - was that why you two were hanging around each other so much when we were waiting to be guided into the pack? Did you spend time with him yet? How is he?"+

Olwen checked the mirror one last time, making sure everything was in order before going to spray on some perfume.+

She hadn't felt this nervous in years - not even her first date with Aaron had been this nerve wrecking.+

Though Landon had clearly voiced his interest in her when she'd first arrived at pack borders, when they'd started out there was no fated mate-bond tying them together. The attraction and depth of their relationship had naturally blossomed as time went by, and for some reason, with it so did their strange connection.+

Olwen had been taken aback this morning when Landon came to see her and ask her out of their first actual date, but after inhaling his scent up close following a week of a lack of physical proximity with the Alpha, she'd had to spend the next two hours calming a rather excited and oddly desperate Opal down.+

This is just our first date. Olwen sternly reprimanded her wolf as she waited at the front porch of her home for Landon. We're not serious yet, so don't try anything and make me lock your consciousness away for the night.+

She didn't want to threaten Opal so harshly, but after two hours of being sent a barrage of explicit thoughts and images, Olwen just had to put her foot down.1

Sorry...Opal whined, not sounding sorry at all.+

Olwen sighed, adjusting her clothes one final time. She was wearing a denim dress with a brown belt and simple lavender sneakers, and a pair of small crystal studs as earrings. Her brown hair was tied into a high ponytail.1

The moment Landon's scent reached her nose, Opal sprung up, howling for a second before she remembered Olwen's warning and begrudgingly quieted down.+

Olwen smiled and stepped off her porch as the Alpha approached. Affection bubbled up at the sight before her. He was dressed in a black button up and jeans, his messier blonde hair lightly combed. One of his hands was hiding behind his back as he stopped a respectable distance from her on the grass.+

"Good evening, Olwen. Are you ready for our date?"+

"Yes." Olwen managed a nod, her eyelashes fluttering as that forest after rain smell nearly swallowed up all her senses.+

Landon nodded in return, and for a brief second Olwen thought she saw him bite his lip as his eyes flashed yellow before he kept talking.+

"I dropped by Jackson's shop and bought this for you."+

He produced a small bouquet of fresh pink buttercups, and Olwen's mouth dropped.+

"These are beautiful...why haven't I seen these?"+

"I might have requested them from him specially for tonight." Landon admitted, gently handing her the flowers. "I have been working up the courage to ask you to dinner for weeks, I just was waiting for the right time."+

"You didn't need to, but thank you." Olwen murmured. She clutched the bouquet in her hands and smiled at Landon.+

"I wanted to." The Alpha assured her simply, offering her his arm and waggling his eyebrows playfully. "Shall we?"+

Chuckling at his antics, Olwen linked her arm through his, holding on to the buttercup bouquet with her other as they headed to the nearby pack restaurant.+

Once they had arrived, Landon went straight to the front counter, where the waiter bowed.+

"Alpha. Your reservation for six thirty, right?"+

"Yes, thank you Cedric."+

The waiter glanced at Olwen and gave her a respectful nod.+

"Miss. You and the Alpha, come this way please.."+

Olwen felt her cheeks flush slightly at the amount of eyes on her as she and Landon were taken up the stairs to a table at the balcony, overlooking the Moon River Pack.+

"Please take your time and look at the menu, I will be back shortly to take your order." Cedric handed over two copies of said menu and bowed again before heading away for the timebeing.+

Olwen glanced up at the night sky above them, before turning to stare at the many houses and buildings and pack members dotted in the far distance from where they were.+

"Wow. Nice view."+

"I figured so." Landon replied, gazing at her. "In a way, we're also commemorating the day we met, at the Evergreen Packs function. Our first conversation at the balcony, remember?"+

"Yeah...I remember."+

Cedric returned moments later to take their orders, a chicken alfredo with clam chowder and a garden salad for Landon, and an aglio olio with tomato soup and a fruit salad for Olwen.2

Once he'd headed off to pass this on to the kitchen, Olwen turned back to her date.+

"I didn't ask this earlier but, what made you like me so quickly at the function?"+

Landon thought about this for a brief moment before he answered her.+

"Truthfully...you were like a breath of fresh air. Every other person I met with that night felt as if they were trying too hard to impress me, and I couldn't even tell if they actually did like me, or were just doing it because of my Alpha status and because their parents were pushing for some kind of union. I went to the balcony for a break from all that, and...that's the first time I saw you."+

He had a fond, wistful smile on his face.+

"Your scent was soothing, almost like a healing balm after the long night I'd had. And when you assured me I wasn't doing the wrong thing for pushing away others' attempts to set me up, I knew you were being genuine. Even though you knew who I was, you didn't try too hard or put up a false front like the Alphas and Lunas, you were just...you."+

Olwen gaped at him with a tint of pink on her cheeks.+

"You...remember all that about me?"+

Landon shrugged, bashful as he sipped at some of the water the waiter had brought them earlier.+

"I thought I'd forgotten about you after I realised you were Aaron's mate. But that day when I found you outside the pack borders, the moment your scent reached me it was like...the memory of that night was pulled out of the depths of my brain." He enunciated to the best of his ability.+

"That's an interesting way to put it." Olwen remarked.+

"I thought that maybe I'd change my mind after I ran into you again." Landon confessed, reaching over and lightly placing his hand over hers. "But it only got worse."+

He didn't give her any room to say anything before he pressed on.+

"I admired your strength, not accepting your ex-mate's bullcrap, cutting ties with your home Pack, and managing to survive as a rogue even though you'd never really prepared for it." His voice came out in a rush. "And even though you were once going to become a Luna and came from the strongest Pack in the forest you never once looked down on others. You've been kind, hardworking and devoted even though you're new to the Moon River Pack, and especially after you got back into all the hobbies you love you just seem more energetic and passionate everytime I see you."3

By the time he was finished, Olwen realised her mouth was still partly open.+

"...Wow."+

"I've wanted to say all that to you for a while but I didn't want to scare you away." Landon muttered, blushing and running a hand through his hair. "But I have to be upfront now...I really like you, Olwen."+

A/N: So what happens later in this chapter is a representation of the closest you will see to smut in this story +

Also, note the glee I had writing this1

......+

Two Months Ago+

Once the dagger was used to slice their palms, the now former Alpha Bradley stepped back and gestured for both Aaron and Kylie to turn to the rest of the Silver Arrow Pack.+

"I now give you, Alpha Aaron Young and Luna Kylie Young of the Silver Arrow Pack!"+

They had completed the Marking before the leadership of the pack was passed to them officially, and Aaron's mark was displayed proudly on Kylie's slender neck, the same way hers was on his.+

Kylie was smiling broadly, grasping Aaron's wrist with her uninjured hand as she faced the crowd that had gathered to witness their ascension. Aaron had the same smile, but it soon became strained as he took a good look at the audience in front of him.+

Once the ceremony had formally concluded, the now Luna Kylie planted an affectionate kiss on Aaron's cheek and went off to celebrate her new role with a group of friends, and Alpha Aaron went to talk to his father.+

"Is it just me, or did the hall look emptier than it was supposed to be?" He asked in a hushed tone, seeing the stoic expression on Bradley's face slowly show a scowl as the people dispersed.+

The older man called over one of their pack members who had been put in charge of recording attendance.+

"You. How many attendees were missing from the Ceremonies?"+

Swallowing, the young man flipped through a bunch of papers on his clipboard.+

"Uh...judging from the amount of names...it would amount to...a third of the pack?"+

Glancing at the anger that showed in Bradley's face, Alpha Aaron gestured for the man to hand over the clipboard and then dismissed him with a harsh flick of his hand.+

"I'll get to the bottom of this, dad." Aaron assured his father firmly, already on his way out of the hall.+

Present Day+

So apparently the third of the pack members had a valid reason for not being able to attend the new leadership Ceremonies - they'd consumed a batch of expired food and come down with food poisoning that very morning. It seemed too coincidental to be true, but despite Alpha Aaron's insistence at having the source of the affected food being traced, they had come up short.1

Unable to accept this, Bradley had attempted to attack some of the wolves who had skipped out on the ceremony, and each time Alpha Aaron had to hold his own father back and remind him that causing casualties amongst the Silver Arrow Pack was not a good idea at this point.+

After all, Aaron had assumed the Alpha post at a particularly bad time.+

After the stunt Stela and Cael had pulled, his father had again threatened disciplinary action on the pack if they speculated any further on the emails. Not that it made things any better. Even without mentioning the incident, the atmosphere in the Silver Arrow Pack had changed.+

Kylie's reaction to the emails had been to stay in her room for three days straight, after which she came out with puffy eyes. Unlike before, no one aside from Aaron, Bradley and a number of close friends gave her the time of day for a pity party. And...as many expected, Kylie's faux tears dried up like a well in a drought as her Luna Ceremony drew near.+

While Delta Jace and Gamma Edric had carried on as per normal and fulfilled their duties in the pack, things outside of that were nonetheless strained. Delta Jace's mate had just recently given birth to a child, and he declined to have a baby shower open to the other pack members just so his newborn son wouldn't be around the quick tempered new Luna - and he wasn't the only one giving Kylie a wide berth.1

Gamma Edric was able to hold his tongue regarding Alpha Aaron and Luna Kylie a little better, but he'd been among the third of the pack who supposedly came down with food poisoning before the Ceremony and then promptly made himself scarce for the next week with further complications brought on by said food poisoning.+

Beta Kayden was obliged to hold on to his role indefinitely due to his immediate family's absence, but he was the Beta in only name now. He was always checked out in pack conferences and when interacting with other pack members, and even during border patrols, as hard as he tried, he had difficulties shifting. It was very fortunate that there were no imminent attacks from other packs or rogues, or he would have been taken out far too quickly.5

All that paled in comparison to what was happening to Alpha Aaron.+

Even after suffering from Olwen's rejection, Ares just refused to budge. Aaron could run just fine by himself, but alongside Kylie? Not a chance. Ares found a way to snap his jaws at Kiara and always took off to some other area in the Silver Arrow Pack by himself. By the time Aaron got back his control, he was in different locales - once it was a pond, and then a pile of leaves, it never stayed the same.+

It was so bad that Aaron still had to drug his wolf whenever he was intimate with Kylie, and that included during and after the Marking Ceremony, since Ares vehemently resisted from marking a she-wolf that was not Olwen or Opal.10

When Aaron had stirred awake the morning after the Ceremonies, lying bare in bed next to Kylie, her scent of green apples immediately permeated his wolf's nose. The next thing Aaron knew was his hands suddenly wrapping around Kylie's throat, causing the she-wolf to startle awake and have to gasp for air moments later when Aaron wrestled his consciousness back from Ares.5

Sputtering out some apologies to an infuriated Kylie, Aaron had stumbled out of bed still locked in a fight with his own equally angry wolf.+

Ares! What the fuck was that for? You almost killed the Luna and our mate!+

Kylie is not our mate! Ares growled repulsively from within, baring his teeth. I want Olwen!+

Olwen is gone! She rejected us!+

She rejected us because of YOU! Ares snarled, attempting to take control of Aaron's body once again so that he could smack some sense into his human with the help of the nearby wall. It's all your fault!+

Ares, if you make things anymore difficult for me I'm going to have to keep sedating you!1

Do it then. The wolf barked aggressively. I'll keep making things worse! I'll never let you be happy with Kylie!+

It had been three months since the Ceremonies, and even now Alpha Aaron kept the discord between him and his wolf hidden from everyone aside from his father and his mate. And the only way to do this was to keep drugging Ares.1

From the cases he'd heard, wolves who underwent rejections from their fated mates would pine for a few more days at most, and by the time one found their chosen mate, their wolf would have to accept it one way or another if their human was happy. Unless it was Ares, apparently.+

"Get your wolf under control!" Bradley reprimanded Alpha Aaron in his office.+

"I'm trying." Aaron hissed, slamming his hands on the desk. "Ares isn't listening to me at all."+

"I told you the drug had a major side effect!" His father scoffed, thrusting the  canister in his face. "You can't expect to numb your own wolf without any consequences!"+

Indeed, the label warned in fine print that after consumption, wolves could become more difficult to restrain and control when not under the influence of the drug. In addition, stronger wolves in particular could develop a resistance to it the more it was used.+

Behold, the longest chapter I have done thus far+

(Also I've updated character mood boards for Olwen, Landon, Stela and Cael so do check those out)+

Twelve dates.+

That was how many Alpha Landon had taken Olwen on by the time another month had passed.+

Each one varied in time and location - after all, it depended heavily on both their availability. Alpha Landon was still rather preoccupied with pack matters, and Olwen was juggling training and spending some time with her friends. But they shared a common feature, that both Landon and Olwen made it work, and they were both enjoying everything they'd done together so far.+

They'd gone for a picnic near the river, had lunch together at the Alpha's home, and gone for a tea break at the bakery, which also meant having to have Elijah's parents third wheeling their date. The pair had even sparred again in the training centre, and Olwen was proud to recount to Stela that she'd been able to catch the Alpha off guard and knock him face down onto the mat.+

Speaking of which, Stela and Cael had begun their training with Cassidy as well. Despite Cael's previous lack of interest in training to fight, Alpha Landon and Beta Elijah had assured him that the training was necessary for every member of the pack, and that he would not be judged based on his skill level.+

The higher ups made it clear anyways that programming and tech was what they needed Cael's assistance in over anything else: there were a number of menial processes the Moon River Pack undertook which could use streamlining.+

So if Cael wasn't on dates with Gamma Josh - they'd made their relationship public a few days after Olwen's first date with Landon - or training, he would be working on programs that the pack would be able to use in the future, much to his pleasure.+

Since Stela had practically scared the omega away from her mate, Elise hadn't been giving them any problems. She was still around the Moon River Pack, if not examining the various dresses and accessories at the boutique, then she was speaking with some of the unmated wolves. Olwen hoped that the she-wolf would find her footing one day and not spend the rest of her life chasing after others.+

......+

Olwen awoke with a start, yawning as her alarm went off. She glanced at her phone on the bedside table, seeing a message come in just minutes later.+

Happy one month anniversary,+

I told you I would be taking you on a much more interesting date since it's one of the longest openings I have, right? So that meant leaving both today and tomorrow open.+

Get dressed, eat your breakfast, do whatever you need to do before you come and meet me. I'll be outside your home waiting in about an hour.+

I hope this isn't too bold of me to ask, but Stela will be dropping by your home soon with a dress. I had her help in picking it out, and I hope it's to your liking.1

Olwen blushed deeply, and with Opal howling excitedly and wagging her tail, she climbed out of bed and began to get ready.+

She had no idea what Alpha Landon had planned, but a few days before the only hint he had given her was to pack a small suitcase for a one night stay elsewhere.+

The doorbell rang about ten minutes later, to Stela and surprisingly, Beta Elijah both there.+

"Good morning, Olwen." Stela waggled her eyebrows at her friend teasingly, handing over a soft, pastel coloured floral dress. "Just to pre-empt, if the dress isn't your thing then that's my fault-"+

"No, the dress looks great, I love it." Olwen assured her, accepting the outfit with a smile. "I'm just surprised that you and your mate - Good morning, Beta," She nodded at Elijah. "Came here together. Are you two going somewhere?"+

"Actually, since I came here to pass you this dress, I also wanted to tell you that Eli and I were talking, and..." Stela rubbed the back of her neck and smiled shyly. "I'm going to move in with him by the end of the month."+

"Really? That's wonderful!"+

Olwen reached over to hug her friend, spying both her and Elijah's necks before the realisation hit her.+

"Holy sh-you two marked each other?"+

Stela's smile turned sheepish as she nodded.+

"...Yeah. Just last night actually. We had the talk with each of our parents about us moving in together, and I guess after we came to our decision, one thing led to another at his house. But rest assured, the marking was also a mutual decision."+

Olwen wasn't one to judge her friend's choice, and Beta Elijah was a good man. Stela was fortunate indeed to have him as her mate.+

"Well, congratulations on making it official." Olwen grinned, and then turned to shake hands with Elijah.1

"You both must be really happy."+

Elijah nodded as well with a similar blush that nearly covered all his freckles. It was almost surreal to think that he had still been waiting for his mate when Olwen first arrived at the pack.+

"Yes...we'll slowly move her things to my home. I'm currently setting up her room. I want everything to be in place by the time she starts living with me."+

"But you have a date to prepare for." Stela said warmly, lightly grabbing Olwen by the shoulders and walking her back into her house. "Go get dressed, Landon did say he would come and pick you up!"+

"Okay, okay!" Olwen laughed. "See you guys later!"+

"All the best for your date!" Elijah called out.+

Olwen went back into her home and changed into the dress Alpha Landon and Stela had gotten her, accessorising it with a pair of small flower earrings and some light makeup. She did her hair into a French braid, and carried a stylish sling bag before wearing a pair of brown boots at the front porch, her suitcase by her side.+

The sound of a car engine startled her as it rumbled closer to the house, and she looked up to see Alpha Landon step out a sleek black sports car. He was dressed in a polo T shirt and jeans, and his hair was in its natural messy form.+

She'd mentioned previously that she liked seeing his hair as it normally was, and Olwen was flattered that he had taken her words to heart. It was the same reason she had chosen to braid her hair - it was the same hairstyle she now recalled she had worn the night of the function when they met.+

It seemed Alpha Landon noticed too, and he approached her with a soft smile on his face.+

"You brought your car here." Olwen observed.+

The blonde nodded, putting his hands in his pockets.+

"I don't usually have days off in my schedule, but there's nothing happening this week that requires my immediate attention, and my Beta, Delta and Gamma have agreed to help me out if anything happens while we're away. So..."+

He watched her face carefully for a reaction.+

"I've decided we take a drive into the nearest human town. The last time I had a clear opening in my duties it was a nice change of pace."2

Olwen's eyes widened and she thought this over for a while.+

As an omega, she had never ventured beyond the main territory of the wilds. She had heard that humans were basically what would be left if she had Opal somehow taken away from her. Some wolves thought humans were weak, pathetic and simpleminded creatures because of this, but Olwen had always been curious.+

Olwen winced as she awoke, the first thing she saw the ceiling light of the motel and the sunlight almost making the curtains glow. She briefly wondered why her body felt sore before memories of the previous night hurtled back to her and she blushed.+

She turned, seeing Landon still fast asleep next to her in the bed. Their first intimate time had been perfect, and even now, the sight of the Alpha with his tousled hair and their legs tangled together in the blanket made her heart soar.+

Mate...+

Wait...what?+

Olwen stared at Landon, and then lightly touched her neck.+

They hadn't marked each other yet. It was far too soon, and if they had she would have remembered.+

Opal?+

Mate! Opal called out again, her tail swishing madly. I can smell him! Alpha Landon is our mate!+

Olwen was about to refute the wolf but couldn't - Landon's scent was engulfing her just from this proximity and it made her lose her train of thought. The air between them seemed to crackle with electricity.+

But it couldn't be. Chosen mates didn't feel the same things fated mates did. Neither of them had each other's mark, and somehow after their first time together, it was like everything about him, his scent, his looks, his aura in general, had been dialed up to eleven. Olwen had to hold back Opal from attacking the Alpha in bed.+

Just what in the world...+

"Mate." A low growl came, startling Olwen. Her eyes snapped back to stare right into Landon's, his of which were now yellow.+

"My beautiful mate." Lark in Landon's body said huskily, pulling Olwen into his arms and inhaling her scent.+

The she-wolf hissed as their skin made contact, sending sparks all over her body. What in the world was happening?1

"L-Landon?" She gasped, as Lark kissed his way down her neck, reaching and passionately mouthing the area where her mark was supposed to be. He emitted another low growl that sounded incredibly possessive.+

Olwen felt her eyes flutter as she let out a soft moan, but panic soon began to set in as she saw fangs beginning to protrude from the Alpha's mouth.+

"Landon, snap out of it!"+

Instantly, Landon's yellow eyes returned to their normal shade of blue, and he jerked himself away from her with wide eyes.+

"Oh goddess. Olwen I am so sorry." He rasped, his chest heaving. He sat up slightly, concentrating and catching his breath until his fangs had sunk back in. "I don't know what got into Lark..."+

He paused and then looked back at Olwen in surprise, confusion and an amount of joy.+

"Alpha...?" Olwen spoke cautiously.+

"Lark is saying you're my mate..." Landon spoke quietly, gaping at her.+

"I know." Olwen replied softly. "...Opal is saying it too."+

"She is?" Landon's eyes flickered to her neck as well.+

"I-I don't understand. How-?"+

Both of them very well knew they'd already met their fated mates, and the pain that seared through their chests when the rejection process was carried out was too visceral to forget. How could this feeling return to them with another wolf?+

Opal was howling with joy - she'd already wanted Landon to be Olwen's mate beforehand, and the sudden appearance of a fated matebond only made it better. She saw the way Landon bit his lip as her eyes flashed from grey to blue.+

"But...second chance mates don't exist." Olwen spoke dumbly.+

"And yet..."+

Landon inhaled before deciding to climb out of bed, gathering his clothes from the floor. Olwen had to look away just to prevent Opal from making her pounce on him.+

"Uh...I'll...ask Beta Elijah and Stela to look it up once we get back to the Moon River Pack." He stammered. His eyes were carefully avoiding hers but flashing from blue to yellow and back once again. "We should get dressed."+

Olwen could only nod and turn away, attempting to focus on locating her clothes rather than her now fated mate's muscles as he pulled his shirt back over his body.+

......1

Breakfast and then the ride back to the Moon River Pack was a little tense.+

Olwen had to wrestle over control with Opal constantly. Her wolf already had been impatient waiting for Aaron to mark her, and now with Landon it was worse. And from the way Landon's hands were gripping the steering wheel and how his blue eyes were staring just a little too hard at the road ahead, he wasn't faring much better with Lark.+

Every brush of skin, even accidental, drove both of their wolves wild. Even though they had been dating a month and had already been interested in each other before that, they still thought it better to not move too quickly with one another. After all, they'd both had their fair share of grievances that should have made them despise the matebond, and they wanted the marking process to occur once they were comfortable enough.+

In order to try and divert both their minds, Olwen cleared her throat.+

"...So...how many other human towns are there around the Wilds?"+

"There's several." Landon answered without missing a beat, his body relaxing slightly. "The town we just left was the safest one though. Especially after the rogue attacks...some of the rogues who survived went to live in nearby areas, blending among humans."+

Olwen felt the fear welling up inside her as she was reminded how both her parents had died by a rogue's hands.2

"Oh.."+

"It's highly rumoured that there is an underground black market in one of these towns as well." Landon recounted, as the car sped on. "Started by rogues. A lot of illegal substances that wolves shouldn't be in possession of, like drugs or poisons. It's beyond the packs' jurisdiction, but we try our best to keep a lookout in case it is smuggled into the Wilds."+

Suddenly Olwen wasn't too sure whether she'd chosen the right topic to switch to.+

"That's actually related to one of the things I tasked Cael with working on." Landon added with a bit more enthusiasm. "A system that will help detect any of those substances within or around our pack."+

"Ah." Olwen nodded at this. "Thanks for giving Cael some pack responsibilities that suit him. Back in our old pack, Alpha Bradley and his own dad wrote him off since he wasn't interested in fighting."+

"Fighting isn't the only thing one can do to protect the pack." Landon said with a shrug. "I guess your old Alpha must have been caught off guard when Cael hacked his son's emails and sent them to everyone else, huh?"+

Olwen chuckled. She could still recall the pride in Cael's eyes when he told her what he'd done in full detail.+

"Yeah. Stela and Cael already told me what happened after that but sometimes I wish I didn't leave my pack, just so I could see the look on Alpha Bradley's face back then."+

Landon laughed a little in return, and the rest of the car trip was spent in a comfortable silence.+

......+

A/N: Is it an achievement that I woke up this morning and realised this story is number 1 in the omega category?3

Also small warning for attempted assault...1

.......Reading to the children in the library soon became a regular occurrence for Olwen.+

She didn't consider herself the most expressive narrator ever, but the kids appeared to like her, as did the children's parents. She'd assumed the first instance was a one time thing, only for Beta Elijah to tell her that he'd heard the kids asking for her again. After the third session, Olwen ended up rolling with it and registering herself as an actual storyteller for the local school.+

Beta Elijah and Stela were devoting what spare time they had to investigating any possible causes that had led to the new matebond between Alpha Landon and Olwen. The newly mated couple appeared to operate like a well-oiled machine, to the point where it could be said they were sharing the Beta title. +

Stela meant nothing by it though. Olwen knew her well, and the other likely felt bad just seeing her mate undertake all the work himself considering the training she had gone through back in the Silver Arrow Pack.+

With her agreement, Landon had only notified the higher ups - which included Delta Cassidy, Gamma Josh and Cael, since he was Stela's brother and would eventually come to know anyways - of the new connection between him and Olwen. And research aside, Stela seemed incredibly ecstatic that her friend appeared to have received another chance at a fated mate, and even more happy that it was Alpha Landon.+

"Look, I don't know what the heck is going on, but if you and Alpha Landon are really fated, then you have another chance!" She urged.+

"I do but...I think we need some time to get used to this." Olwen said. "In the eyes of the rest of the pack, we're still chosen and not fated mates, and we can't let them know what happened without getting to the bottom of things. I can't have members thinking I joined the Moon River Pack just to become Alpha Landon's mate."+

Stela sighed and shook her head.+

"If people think that way then that's their problem. I'm sure anyone with eyes can tell how dedicated you are to the Moon River Pack."+

"That's not all...how do I know this fated matebond thing isn't a trick or a curse?" Olwen suggested, not wanting to think about that possibility.+

A strange emotion flickered through Stela's brown eyes before she placed her hands on Olwen's shoulders.+

"Mark my words, Olwen...your new matebond is not a curse. Maybe it'll take a while to figure it out, but you belong with Alpha Landon."+

......+

"I'm sorry for making fun of you, the grey wolf said to the brown wolf." Olwen narrated, as the young children around her listened with enraptured looks on their faces. "Can we be friends?"+

"Of course, said the brown wolf with a smile." She continued. "We'll be best friends forever! And they were. The end."+

The kids applauded with soft cheers as she finished the story. Smiling warmly, Olwen lightly bowed in her seat.+

One child got up and headed over to her with a rose.+

"Thanks for reading these stories to us, Miss Luna."+

"It's no pro-" Olwen paused as her eyes widened.+

"Uh...what did you just say again, honey?"+

"Miss Luna." Another child sitting at the carpet spoke up with innocent eyes. "You're the Alpha's mate, and the Alpha's mate is always called Luna."+

Olwen's mind blanked out for a few short minutes, secretly impressed that a young child had managed to make her speechless.+

"Uh..." She calmed herself with an embarrassed smile before responding. "Alpha and Luna are titles, not names. The Alpha's name is Landon, so he would be Alpha Landon. The Luna is supposed to lead the pack alongside the Alpha, but only after a ceremony. Alpha Landon and I haven't gone through the ceremony yet, so just call me Olwen."+

"But you're like a Luna." One of the other kids piped up. "You're nice to everyone, help people, and you read to us."+

"Well...that's only part of what a Luna does." Olwen said. "Lunas help to protect the pack as much as an Alpha does. They need to know how to solve problems within the pack, and provide for the pack when trouble comes."+

"But you know how to fight and settle any problem as well, I can vouch for that." A familiar voice rang out.+

Olwen jumped in her seat as she looked up and saw Delta Cassidy leaning against the wall of the classroom and smirking at her.+

"Delta Cassidy." Olwen stood up and bowed, as the rest of the children looked her way too and waved with happy smiles.+

"Hello, Aunty Cass!" They chorused.+

Aunty Cass...? Olwen thought to herself in surprise, seeing the Delta grin fondly at the children before turning her attention back to her.+

"I just came to check on you, Olwen. It seems like you're managing things quite well. I'm impressed, the kids here can be very...energetic."+

The kids giggle at this.+

"Oh...well...thanks, Delta Cassidy."+

"So Miss Olwen can fight?" One of the kids asked in curiosity.+

Cassidy caught Olwen's eye and beamed from ear to ear with a mischievous grin.+

"Oh, yes she can. She learnt how to fight before coming here, and she's gotten better."+

She crouched down as if telling a secret to the children, who leaned in eagerly.+

"I once saw her manage to win against Alpha Landon."+

Gasps of surprise and admiration scattered through the children.+

"Miss Olwen won against the Alpha?"+

"She must be strong!"+

"Mhm." Cassidy shot a rather embarrassed Olwen a wink. "She is quite something, it is why your Alpha likes her so much."+

"Olwen, you say you're not Luna but you sound so much like you're one." Another child said with awe.+

Olwen found herself flushing as Cassidy grinned and got back up.+

"Well, I'd better get going. I promised Cael I'd get in some sparring with him. See you soon, Luna-"+

She waved innocently at Olwen before leaving the flustered woman behind to field more and more questions from the children.4

......+

It had been quite the surprise for Alpha Landon to announce to the Moon River Pack that they would now host the annual function. While he wisely didn't give a lot of information as to why the Silver Arrow Pack wasn't hosting this year aside from their statement on the bulletin indicating they were unable to, most pack members only saw it as the confirmation they needed that the Wild's leading pack was running into some problems.+

The Moon River Pack was busy preparing their territory for the visit of leaders from all the other packs in the Wilds, and there was a certain excitement and trepidation in the air.+

A/N: This was supposed to be part of the last chapter but it brought the total word count past 5000 so I decided to split it heheh +

Do I need a warning for vague smut again?1

......+

Olwen once again did not manage to spend time alone with Alpha Landon since their visit to the clinic. Ryan had been hospitalised for about a week before he was released and confined to his home, with the suspension from the warriors kicking into effect. By now, most of the pack members knew of what Ryan had done and were keeping their distance from him as well.+

Landon and Olwen's wolves were fortunately now more under control since being officially connected by the mate bond, but Olwen could see it each time in Landon's eyes that he wanted to hold her in his arms, kiss her or do...other things to her. Unfortunately they were either preoccupied or in a group setting, which meant they couldn't do much aside from discreetly holding hands to appease both themselves and Lark and Opal.+

They'd managed to go on a run together one night, though this was more for their wolves than the humans. Just like Alpha Landon was a third taller than Olwen, Lark was almost twice as large as Opal - but just like his human, he was friendly and gentle, having been excited to meet his mate. Opal had bounded over to him and returned his favour from the wolf integration activity by licking his nose, before bounding off into the forest and letting Lark give chase. The wolves spent a few hours swimming and running alongside each other before just sitting together, keeping their pelts close and enjoying the warmth.+

Otherwise, Beta Elijah and Stela - who were still doing their best with research - assured her that Landon was increasingly pre-occupied with pack matters and would make time for her if he could.+

So Olwen focused on her own projects, one of which had recently come to be called 'Elise'.+

After a conversation with Gamma Josh and Cael, the three of them were now living under the same roof, with Josh and Cael occupying the upper levels and Elise in the guest room. +

Though Olwen had seen Elise's parents around, they never asked about where their daughter was, in fact they seemed perfectly fine without her, which made her wonder just how much they had cared for Elise outside of trying to push her together with a high ranking wolf.+

To her credit, for an omega who had been spoiled all her life, she didn't complain and seemed rather grateful to have a place to stay after being shunned by the rest of the pack. When she wasn't attempting to flirt or butter up someone else, she was rather pleasant company and could actually compete with both Josh and Cael in Mario Kart.1

As for how she was living her life, Olwen kept an eye on her and helped out whenever she could.+

Elise was slowly bringing herself out of her usual habits, as tempting as it was to fall back into what she knew. A few nights ago when Olwen had brought her to the pack restaurant with Josh and Cael, a pack hunter had flirted with and tried to kiss her.+

Olwen had wanted to step in on Elise's behalf, but apparently didn't need to as she stepped away with a shake of her head.+

"This isn't me anymore. I'm not interested."2

It was a small thing, but a step in the right direction.+

Aside from gaming with Josh and Cael, Elise had taken to something else. Apparently, the pink dress she'd seen her buy was not exactly for the function - not in its original form.+

The pink dress was now sitting on a dummy in Elise's makeshift room, with several adjustments - she had replaced the original sleeves, added a sash around the waist, and some beads around the top.+

Someone had become a frequent guest to the pack craft store as well, except Elise focused on fabrics, needles and beads.+

"Have you not done this before? You seem like a natural." Josh had asked her out of curiosity once.+

Elise shook her head. "I'd read up plenty of books and watched videos, but no. My parents didn't think learning how to alter and design dresses was necessary since the ones they bought me looked fine on their own."1

Olwen was increasingly surprised to know she and Elise had more in common aside from just being omegas. It seemed in a way, Elise had allowed others' expectations of her to trap her from doing what she truly wanted.+

She was still careful not to fully let her guard down around the she-wolf though.+

......+

Olwen, please come and see me at my home. There's a pressing matter I need to address.1

On my way, Alpha.+

Olwen cycled to Landon's home, spotting his parents tending to the garden in the front lawn.+

"Wendell, Holly!"+

"Olwen! Nice to see you again!" The older woman got up and gave her a hug. A lot of times when Olwen visited Alpha Landon, chances are they were already here or dropping in - supposedly to check in on their son and help out a little, but Olwen didn't miss how much they liked talking to her as well. Holly in particular wasn't very subtle; at one point Olwen had been over for dinner when Holly brought Landon to the kitchen to speak  with him alone, and minutes later Olwen heard his mum gushing about what a keeper she was before threatening her own son to keep a hold on to her or else.+

"Landon is waiting for you just inside." Wendell added, nodding in the direction of the door with a grin. He wasn't as overt as his wife but he clearly approved of her as well. "Good luck!"+

Olwen briefly wondered why their smiles were so teasing but smiled back nevertheless and went in. Just as they said, Landon was standing in the dining room facing her with an unreadable expression.+

"Alpha." Olwen dipped her head, suddenly nervous.+

"Olwen." Landon spoke evenly, his tone stern. "I'm sure you know why I summoned you here today."+

"I do...?" Olwen looked back up at him in confusion.+

"I've heard rumours floating around the pack that I'll be making you my Luna before the Evergreen Packs function."+

Olwen swallowed as the atmosphere grew increasingly tense.+

"...Alpha Landon...I assure you that I had nothing to do with them."+

"...Hm."+

Landon fell silent for a moment before a single command left his lips.+

"Close your eyes."+

"What?"+

"Close your eyes, Olwen. Don't open them until I tell you to."+

The woman furrowed her eyebrows at his instruction, before she inhaled quietly and followed it.+

She felt sparks in her skin as Landon gently but firmly took her hands, guiding her through the house. Keeping her eyes closed, she could only try her best to follow him, her feet stepping gingerly across the floor.+

She heard the sound of a door being opened before Landon spoke again.+

"Open them."+

The moment Olwen opened her eyes, she was greeted with the most beautiful sight.+

A/N: FYII was referring to this when I thought of Olwen's dress: https://miabellathelabel.com/en-sg/products/cinderella-divine-b708+

.....+

"Can you believe it, Olwen?" Stela gasped with excitement, clasping her hands as she admired her friend. "To think that after all this time, you're still going to become a Luna!"+

The function was in a week, and just as Alpha Landon had planned, Olwen's Luna Ceremony and their Marking Ceremony would be held today.+

So here Olwen was, dressed in the same silver embellished ballgown that Elise had pointed out to her all those weeks ago. It was no less beautiful than it had been when she first bought it, making her resemble a Princess almost. Olwen's brown hair also was styled into a waterfall braid with little pearls weaved in here and there. And to symbolise her impending status, a blue circlet with a crescent moon.+

Speaking of which, Elise was here too, helping out Olwen with her makeup. Stela was chatting about things as she sat nearby in a simple dress - she didn't want to take the spotlight away from the future Luna after all - but her eyes were also watching Elise like a hawk in case she tried anything.+

"I'm finding a lot of things still hard to believe, trust me." Olwen admitted, seeing the way her makeup looked in the mirror.+

About half a year ago she'd been forced into exile from her old pack after losing her Luna position to Kylie, and now she was about to become the Luna of another.+

Her best friend Stela had given up her position as future Beta in the Silver Arrow Pack and somehow followed her here, and she and her brother found their mates in the process.+

She and Beta Elijah had opted to do a private marking ceremony of their own sometime after they'd moved in together, so she was currently using her mated name, Stela Atwood. They were however, planning to also get married the human way somewhere after the Evergreen function.+

Olwen had already accepted Stela's offer to be her bridesmaid, and Landon the Beta's best man. It did make her wonder if she would want to do the same with Landon own day. It would be pleasant, especially in that human town where they'd discovered they were fated for the first time. Maybe officially sign a document as 'Olwen Cartwright'.+

Olwen Cartwright. She quite liked the sound of that.+

Gamma Josh and Cael were already living together, the two of them not hurrying along their relationship at all and just having fun. Both also had their fair share of responsibilities, the latter looking far happier with his renewed sense of belonging in the Moon River Pack.+

And Sylvie, who had left her husband behind in the Silver Arrow Pack and now lived alone in their home after both her children had found her mates. Olwen had checked in on her frequently, but found she wasn't that lonely. She'd made friends with some of the older she-wolves in the pack, in particular Beta Elijah's mother. She was now a frequent visitor to the bakery, and being a bit of a foodie herself, Nicole had come to rely on a lot of her thoughts when altering the bakery's menu.+

After she slipped into her soft grey heels, Elise and Stela helped her to the front door to await the start of the Ceremony.+

"You look great." Elise spoke softly, a genuine smile on her face. "Alpha Landon is fortunate to have you as his chosen mate."+

Olwen smiled back at her. Stela was still skeptical about Elise, which was understandable, but as the weeks had passed, Olwen had actually started to become fond of the she-wolf as she embraced her true self.+

She'd finished her alterations to the pink dress and was now working on a new assignment - dresses for Olwen and Stela for the pack function. She had given her one simple instruction after Elise took their measurements - to let her creativity flow.+

The door opened, and Olwen in all her regal splendour stepped out into the hall.+

All the pack members turned and applauded her as soft music played in the background, and Olwen began to move through the room towards Alpha Landon, who was dressed in a suit. His eyes were all on hers, and even from this distance she could see the mark she had made faintly on his neck. Tonight, they would truly cement their matebond.+

Olwen arrived at the steps before Alpha Landon, and gracefully lowered herself to her knees and with her head down in respect.1

"Olwen Adams." Alpha Landon spoke, his voice filled with pride, happiness and adoration. "Ever since you came to the Moon River Pack, you have shown your loyalty, strength, and dedication to us all. I couldn't think of a more worthy she-wolf to be my mate...and my equal."+

Olwen blushed at the praise.+

"Olwen Adams, do you swear that you will uphold the qualities of benevolence, faithfulness and intelligence that are expected of a Luna?"+

"I, Olwen Adams, swear that I will uphold all that is expected of me as a Luna, both for myself and the rest of the Moon River Pack." She recited the Luna's Oath she was all too familiar with. "From now until the day I die."+

"You may rise."+

Olwen gently got up, and Alpha Landon approached her, gently taking her right hand. With a dagger, he sliced through her palm, Olwen managing to retain a calm expression.+

Turning her hand over, Landon bent and gently kissed her knuckles before getting back up with a bright smile. It wasn't necessarily part of the ritual, but it made Olwen blush and the onlookers in the audience let out awws. The couple turned back to the people in front of them.+

"Members of the Moon River Pack." Alpha Landon announced, lifting Olwen's hand up with his. "I give you your Luna, Luna Olwen!"+

The pack members erupted into loud cheers and applause, some even raising their fists in celebration. Wendell and Holly were in the front rows, nodding at their son and Olwen with joy and approval. One could imagine they'd waited for this day for a while, having been devastated after their son's original mate rejected him without even meeting him face to face while doing so before vanishing from the pack lands. And this time, it definitely wasn't luck that brought her the Luna position. She had more than proven herself for it.+

Olwen felt so many emotions running through her at once as the power and authority that came with the Ceremony began to flow through her.+

She was now officially the Luna of the Moon River Pack.1

Olwen waited for a while before she gently held up a hand, signaling for the audience to quiet down. She inhaled and addressed the crowd as their Luna for the first time.+

"Members of the Moon River Pack...I will remain eternally grateful to you all. When I left my old pack...I wasn't sure if I could survive. As an omega who had never seen the wilderness I outside pack territory, I lived but I struggled to. But then I arrived here, and you all showed me kindness, hospitality and support when I needed it most. I will work my hardest as your Luna to repay you."+

There was more applause and shouts of encouragement and support. Most of the Moon River Pack had already accepted Olwen as one of their own a month after she came into their lives, and she was a perfect fit for their Alpha.+

"Just do your best, Luna Olwen!"+

"You've repaid us already just by becoming our Luna!"+

"Rule with Alpha Landon and be happy!"+

Olwen realised that final shout had come from Cael, with Stela and Beta Elijah beside him and grinning broadly. Gamma Josh, Delta Cassidy and Jackson were to Cael's other side, clapping loudly with congratulatory smiles on their faces as well. She waved to the crowds, and hoped that somewhere, her parents were watching and proud of her.+

A/N: Again split this chapter into two parts given the length+

I thought it would apropos with all the stuff that is about to go down at the event haw haw ......+

Meanwhile, in the Silver Arrow Pack+

The Alpha and Luna Ceremonies should have meant retirement for former Alpha Bradley. It should have meant relaxation, the opportunity to finally take a step back and let his son and his chosen mate run things. He should have been resting at home, drinking beer or watching television or something, instead of sitting in the Alpha's office - formally his and now his son's - working.+

To say he was furious at Alpha Aaron was an understatement. He was already a few months into his rule and his leadership of the Silver Arrow Pack was less than stellar. His pack members didn't respect him, and he had no idea how to reach a level of understanding with them. Most of them just followed him because they had to.+

And his idiot Luna wasn't doing much better, spending time bragging and gossiping with what small circle of friends she had and then intimidating others into getting what she wanted. When it came to actual pack matters, Luna Kylie would rather push for her own choices and refuse to compromise, resulting in many of the conferences and meetings arriving at stalemates, with important pack decisions being postponed again and again. And her reputation amongst the pack, while no longer openly addressed, might have been worse than his son's.+

This was all Olwen's fault. She could have accepted the amicable separation from Aaron and still retained her place in this pack, but no! She had to make a scene in her departure and cause a chain of events that resulted in Beta Kayden's family leaving and the relationship between his son and his chosen mate to become strained.9

And now because of all that, the Silver Arrow Pack had to admit they were unfit to hold the function this year and pass the duties of hosting of the Moon River Pack.1

Some of the fault is yours too, Bastian muttered ruefully. If you hadn't done that all those years ago, Tess would still be alive and Aaron wouldn't have found the drugs in your office.4

Shut up! Bradley reprimanded the wolf in his head, infuriated he would mention his deceased mate at this time. Tess is already dead, and there's nothing more we can do! It was the rogues who killed her!1

Bastian reluctantly fell silent. Since the death of their mate, his wolf had only become more compliant to Bradley's instructions but experienced a feeling of overall numbness at the loss of Tess. While he'd had disagreements with his human over the years, the she-wolf's demise had taken its toll on him to the point where he was just like any one of the Silver Arrow Pack members - he followed Bradley's instructions because his human was the only thing he had left to live for. As wrongful as his actions had been.+

......+

Alpha Aaron was currently making the rounds in an attempt to settle a few minor pack disputes, but it was his Delta and Gamma doing most of the heavy lifting given how distracted he was at the moment.+

After that embarrassing incident a few months back, Luna Kylie had only given him back bed privileges a few days ago, and even now they slept separately in the same bed and still weren't intimate that much. The only exception was the she-wolf's heats, but even then they just did what was needed and then went right to being apart.+

On her end, Kylie maintained her disgruntlement about Alpha Aaron calling out Olwen's name during their last encounter, while Aaron couldn't risk a repeat of that incident thanks to the disobedience of his wolf - who was still up to his usual tricks. Had the drugs caused Ares to become more rebellious, was it his natural state, or was it both?+

Anyways, it didn't take a marriage counsellor to know Aaron's chosen mate was angry with him. During every pack discussion, every meeting they had with the Beta, Delta and Gamma to decide on further actions, Kylie only seemed all the more determined to oppose whatever stance the Alpha was taking just to spite him, and in the end nothing was done. A lot of duties that should have been accomplished weeks ago were still on the agenda, causing many activities in the Silver Arrow Pack to come to a standstill, and complaints to arise from certain pack members.3

Maybe it was because they hadn't slept together for a long while since they became a mated couple, but Kylie was starting to become less and less attractive by the day. She knew how to fight and still exuded the supposed confidence Aaron had wanted in his Luna, but she refused to interact with any of her pack members aside from her friends and family, and showed a complete lack of patience in running through the usual documents or procedures that a Luna was required to overlook. +

The closest thing she had to guidance was a file full of notes that Olwen had taken when she was still training here - but like hell was Kylie going to look at those. And her childish behaviour towards him in official matters, just because their relationship was not going well was beginning to irk Aaron.+

Yes, she is the perfect, beautiful strong Luna you wanted, Ares mocked inside him. Congratulations.3

Being unable to bed his own chosen mate outside of when the heat cycle demanded it, Aaron had no choice on regular days but to relieve his tensions like a hormonal youth who had not yet found his other - by himself. He had held off on the drugs the best he could after 'the incident' to prevent Ares from spiralling even more out of control, but that didn't stop his wolf from continuing to push images of Olwen into his mind when he was alone and with Kylie during her heat. He'd ended up calling the name of his ex mate more than once - managing to hold it off this time whenever he was with his chosen mate, thank the goddess - but was increasingly unnerved by how little guilt he was experiencing.+

It was made all the more difficult since even though he'd been having an affair with Kylie, he'd still been with Olwen physically the most while the former was away at the Snow Fang Pack with her own fated. Before Kylie's green apple scent, Aaron had been more familiar with Olwen's lavender and honey, and the house that he and Luna Kylie now lived in had once been hers and his after all.+

On particular days where Kylie and him had very bitter arguments that resulted in them facing their backs to each other and falling asleep in tense silence, Aaron missed playing with Olwen's brown hair and listening to her soft snores as she lay next to him.+

He was confused. He couldn't be sure whether it was actually him or his wolf's actions affecting him, but he didn't feel anything for Kylie these days other than annoyance and exasperation.+

"You useless brat!" A shout startled Aaron out of his thoughts. A distance away was Luna Kylie once again shoving Jessie to the ground with an agitated expression on her face. "Trust an omega to miss out an item from my shopping list!"+

Jessie cowered immediately, baring her neck to the Luna in complete fear.+

With a heavy sigh, Alpha Aaron left Delta Jace and Gamma Edric to talk with another pack member who was having neighbourly issues and approached his mate.+

"Kylie, enough. You're scaring your attendant."+

"It's her fault!" The Luna snapped, her amber eyes blazing with fury. "Tell her, Aaron!"+

"Look, whatever it is you missed, I'll go and get it." Alpha Aaron said, his tone flat and resigned. He turned to Jessie.+

"Jessie, I apologise on behalf of the Luna. She must be on edge thanks to the approaching function. You may be excused from your omega duties for the rest of the day."+

A/N: Heeeere goes nothing!5

.......+

Since the inception of the Evergreen Wilds Packs, there had been two more packs that splintered off from others, resulting in a grand total of seven packs. The Silver Arrow Pack, the Moon River Pack, the Fire Claw Pack, the Snow Fang Pack, the Willow Creek Pack, the Ocean Gem Pack, and the Night Ridge Pack.1

As Alpha Aaron, Luna Kylie and Beta Kayden entered the event hall, quite a number of leaders from other packs had already arrived. Recognising some faces from the function his father had him attend the year prior, he approached a few to introduce his Luna. Beta Kayden meanwhile, wondered away to the drinks table.+

"Alpha Aaron! Congratulations on your appointment!" Alpha Frederick greeted him with a smile, the two of them shaking hands. Aaron was in a good spot for now; the Night Ridge Pack was the most newly formed out of the Evergreen Wilds Packs and relied the most on the Silver Arrow Pack.+

"Alpha Frederick, nice to see you again after so long. I hope the Night Ridge Pack is holding up well after the small epidemic you had last year."+

Alpha Frederick nodded. "Fortunately yes." He guided a beautiful woman in a black dress standing next to him forward. "I'm sure you recall my lovely mate, Luna Olivia."+

"Of course." Alpha Aaron dipped his head and shook Luna Olivia's hand as well, before doing the same thing and bringing Luna Kylie forward. It was clear she had been waiting for her first introduction.+

"And this is my own mate, Luna Kylie."+

"Wonderful to meet you, Luna Kylie." Alpha Frederick shook the woman's hand, albeit with a slightly puzzled smile. "Though I recall that you had a different woman with you during last year's function?"+

Luna Kylie's smile froze and Alpha Aaron quickly had to come up with something.+

"Yes...I did." He explained, trying to keep his voice calm and measured. "But something unfortunate occured, and...as of now she is no longer part of the Silver Arrow Pack. We don't know where she is."1

"Oh, I see." Alpha Frederick did not seem very satisfied with that answer but smiled anyways. "Regardless, it's a pleasure to meet you both."+

Alpha Aaron spent a while chatting with Alpha Frederick on some trivial matters, the latter clearly trying to butter him up for some agreement related to his pack security, while Luna Kylie and Luna Olivia talked themselves.+

"Alpha Frederick and Alpha Aaron!"+

Aaron turned to recognise the Alpha and Luna of the Fire Claw Pack walking over to them, the Luna's belly clearly showing a pregnancy.+

"Alpha Silas, how have you been?" Alpha Frederick shook his hand before Aaron did the same.+

"I've been doing well." Alpha Silas responded warmly, taking his mate's hand and guiding her alongside him. "Pack operations are going smoothly. So most recently, I've been focusing on growing my family with Luna Quinn."+

"Congratulations to both of you!" Luna Olivia exclaimed, genuinely happy for both of them as she lightly embraced Quinn - the two women seemed to be on rather good terms.+

"Yes, congratulations to you both. You deserve happiness." Alpha Aaron said, when Kylie interrupted behind him.+

"Yes, perhaps it is a great match if the Alpha wishes to have many children."+

Alpha Silas raised an eyebrow at Luna Kylie with a skeptical and curious expression on his face.+

"I...beg your pardon?"+

"Luna Quinn is an omega, is she not?" Luna Kylie asked, smiling ignorantly. "That's why you mated with her, to produce a heir and then some."1

An awkward silence fell upon the group before Alpha Silas spoke with a disbelieving chuckle.+

"Luna Kylie...I'm not sure what you've heard about me and my Luna, but I can assure you that Luna Quinn is indeed my fated mate."+

"Ah." Kylie nodded. "Well, good job at making the best out of what the Moon Goddess gave you."5

Even Alpha Frederick was speechless at this point, and he hurried away to join another leader in conversation. Luna Olivia, who still had a protective arm around Luna Quinn, gave Kylie a barely concealed glare before leading the latter further away to sit down. Quinn herself was just in disbelief and confused by what had just occurred, her eyes darting to the ground.+

Alpha Silas was still smiling, but this time the grin did not quite reach his eyes.+

"I didn't settle for my mate if that's what you're implying." He replied, shooting that same warning smile at Alpha Aaron, who had the sense to feel  some amount of second hand embarrassment. "Now if you excuse me, I have things to attend to."+

He turned and strode away, sitting next to his Luna at that table and clasping her hands in a show of comfort and support.+

"You should've held your tongue. I told you that Silas really cares for his mate." Alpha Aaron whispered to Luna Kylie, still trying to look cheerful for appearances.+

"I was just stating the facts." Luna Kylie replied with an innocent smile. Months ago that smile would have melted Aaron like a popsicle in the hot summer, but now it did nothing. "Why else would such a capable Alpha accept an omega for his mate?"4

"Just...don't make assumptions, alright?" Aaron muttered, unsure of what to tell Kylie at this point. He didn't recall her being this blatant about her opinions...perhaps she'd only started becoming like this after she became the Luna of the Silver Arrow Pack.+

Luna Kylie headed off to chat with someone else, while Alpha Aaron accepted a small glass of champagne from a server. As he sipped the drink, his eyes fell upon Silas and Quinn once again. The woman was leaning her head on Silas's shoulder with a smile, and the Alpha's hand was gently resting upon her belly.+

Sooner or later, Aaron would have to try for an heir to the Silver Arrow Pack. But as much as he tried to picture himself starting a family with Kylie, it was difficult. Being intimate with Kylie was still an issue that needed solving thanks to his wolf, and now that he thought about it, he wasn't sure if she would make the best mother. If an adult pack member could make her lose her composure so easily, what about a young child crying for milk?1

You could've had that with Olwen. Ares growled ruefully, as Aaron continued to watch Silas and Quinn.+

And risk weakening the pack? There's a reason the Fire Claw Pack isn't the strongest.+

You still think it's solely because their Luna is an Omega? His wolf scoffed. You're no better than Kylie, you just knew to keep your mouth shut.3

Aaron frowned and sipped his champagne again, but he couldn't help imagining it. Olwen, his mate and Luna, and children that were the perfect combination of their features. They could've been happy...2

He then blinked and suppressed that thought.+

I've made my decision, he reminded himself, as he walked towards Kylie, who was conversing with Luna Tegan of the Willow Creek Pack on something related to fashion.+

As Tegan walked away, Aaron placed an hand on Kylie's hip.+

"How are you enjoying the new atmosphere, babydoll?" He murmured into her ear and was pleased to see her shiver slightly.+

A/N: Hopefully I do this justice! Also, I notice this story has been #2 for the wolf tag for some time, so yay!3

......+

Luna Olwen saw the stunned look on Aaron's face. Given the last time she'd seen him was when she broke their matebond and went into exile, she had braced for some kind of yearning, some kind of bitterness at what could have been.+

But she felt nothing.+

Her eyes swept briefly over his face before she addressed the attendees as a whole.+

"Leaders of the Evergreen Wilds Packs...it is my pleasure to welcome you to this year's function." Her voice resonated loud and clear through the room, and the audience quieted down to listen. She could see that some recognised her from the previous year's event.+

"Though I have only been Luna of the Moon River Pack for a brief time, I have lived here all my life, and bore witness to many happenings, went through many experiences that shaped who all of us are as a region today." She continued, keeping her voice level. +

"Though we may have separate lives, there are still many threads that tie all of our packs together in different ways. It is precisely why the packs chose to make peace all those years ago, and why we continue to promote cooperation and teamwork amongst us leaders until today."+

She was secretly pleased to see some of the Alphas, Lunas and Betas nodding along in silent agreement of what she was saying.+

"And it is with those very aims that this function takes place today." Olwen concluded. "We are here not just to update one another on ongoing events in our packs, but to also strengthen our ties and foster closer relationships. Because when it all comes down to it, we are all part of the Evergreen Wilds, and we need to work together in order to continue to prosper. Remember to keep that in mind going forward, tonight and as long as we live."+

She stepped back and dipped her head to signify she was done with her speech, and loud applause came up from the crowd below. She could see Beta Elijah and Stela, along with some of her own pack members who were helping out with the function clapping for her as well, and smiled gratefully at them.+

"So...how did I do?" Luna Olwen whispered to her mate, as Alpha Landon took her arm in his and they gradually descended the steps together.+

"Wonderfully." He smiled at her. "You're a natural at this."+

Olwen laughed in response, finding herself oddly relaxed though she knew almost every pair of eyes in the room was on them at the moment.+

"I wouldn't say I'm a natural, I did have training before I came to the Moon River Pack after all."+

"Alpha Landon, it is a pleasure to be able to speak with you again." Alpha Maxwell bowed lightly to him and shook his hand with a smile. He was more at ease with Landon as they had cooperated on multiple occasions, and also spent time together outside of pack related matters - they could almost be considered friends.+

"It is good to see you too, Alpha Maxwell." Landon returned the gesture with a smile before Maxwell turned to Olwen.+

"And Luna Olwen! It is an honour to see you again." +

Olwen smiled as they shook hands. "You too, Alpha Maxwell."+

They'd conversed a little back in the previous year's function when Olwen asked about Kylie's welfare in the Snow Fang Pack. If only she'd known.+

"Believe me, it is a relief to meet a welcoming face after certain...unsavoury characters." Luna Yvonne shook her hand as well, casting an over shoulder glance back at the leaders of the Silver Arrow Pack. +

Olwen could tell both Aaron and Kylie were eyeing her especially, but elected to ignore them for now.+

As Landon and Maxwell engaged in a riveting conversation about the latest developments in the soccer league, Olwen and Yvonne initiated their own discussion.+

"I'm sure it hasn't escaped most people's attention tonight that a year ago, you were the Luna-to-be of the Silver Arrow Pack." Yvonne spoke - she had no malice in her tone, it was a straightforward observation. "Everyone is curious as to what happened between you and Alpha Aaron."+

"I understand." Olwen responded with a calm smile. As much as she knew Opal wanted to lunge across the room and rip the man they'd once loved to shreds - and did Olwen want to let her - she was now the Luna of the Moon River Pack. Her response had to be more...dignified.+

"The truth is somewhat more complex, but I can sum it up. Alpha Aaron didn't think I was suited to become Luna of the Silver Arrow Pack, and when I refused to give up my position willingly I became a rogue." She explained, watching Luna Yvonne for her reaction. "By pure fortune, I came upon the Moon River Pack several months later. I was honestly just happy to find another pack that accepted me as one of their own, but Alpha Landon and I eventually fell in love and...well, here I am."+

The other woman looked surprised at the story, and her eyes flickered to the woman somewhere behind Olwen.+

"And...Alpha Aaron thought...that...would make a more capable Luna than you?"3

"I suppose." Olwen replied simply.+

Alpha Yvonne let out a disappointed huff. "What a pity. When I met you last, I was glad to believe that the Silver Arrow would be in good hands after Luna Tess passed on. Who knew things would change so quickly?"+

"It's quite alright, Luna Yvonne. I'm just glad I got the chance to speak with you once more." Olwen assured her, earning herself a look of admiration.+

......+

Despite some skeptical and curious looks regarding how Olwen was now the Luna of the Moon River Pack, she was able to put everyone's minds at ease with her serene and pleasant persona. It helped that she recognised most - if not all - of the attendees, having done her research and recalling their interactions during the last function.+

She remembered that Alpha Silas had been trying for a child with Luna Quinn and congratulated the pair, the latter comforted and happy to meet another omega who had become mates with an Alpha. She also knew of Luna Tegan's desire to cheer up her currently bedridden younger sister, and discussed the possibility of encouraging her to pick up a new crafting hobby. Alpha Landon, while being with her for most of it, didn't need to offer much assistance in building relationships with the others.+

"I think a lot of the leaders like you." Landon murmured to her, giving her waist a small squeeze.+

Olwen blushed heavily as she felt certain stares on her.+

"For the right reasons, I hope?"+

The light blue dress Elise had designed for her new Luna was sleeveless, beginning with a rhinestone studded bustier that led down to a satin and tulle skirt. A slit in the dress stopped in the middle of her upper thigh, just enough to keep it more regal and less revealing. This was accompanied by silver studded earrings and the moon pendant that Landon had given her around her neck.+

To put it briefly, Olwen may as well have been the reincarnation of the Moon Goddess herself from the way she looked.+

Landon glanced around, seeing a few Alphas and Betas eyeing his mate the wrong way and sending them glowers that had the men quickly looking in the opposite directions. He turned back to Luna Olwen with a chuckle.1

A/N: This chapter took a while - I've been a little busy these days, so updates will be slower >~<2

......+

Halfway through the event, the tables and chairs were shifted aside to make room for a dancefloor.+

Landon smiled widely at Olwen and held out a hand. Aaron and Kylie were nowhere in sight by now, and he wanted to make use of this reprieve as much as possible.+

"May I have this dance, Luna Olwen?"+

Olwen grinned back and accepted her mate's hand with a small bow.+

"I would love to dance with you, Alpha Landon."+

A group of the most talented pack musicians played a soft jazzy piece as Landon and Olwen joined a couple of other waltzing pairs. +

Olwen gently placed a hand on Landon's shoulder, both his hands grasping her hips as they moved as one.+

Dancing was something that Lunas were expected to do at events, and as such it had been one of the few hobbies Olwen had managed to retain and hone even back at the Silver Arrow Pack. And now, it did her favours.+

With the gracefulness of a swan, Luna Olwen twirled and swayed with her mate - Alpha Landon was not a bad dance partner himself. They'd had frequent practice before the function, but were able to make their movements more fluid and almost natural. It attracted the attention of most onlookers in the hall, including the other dancing couples on the floor. And when Alpha Landon took Luna Olwen's waist and delicately lifted her off the ground, spinning her effortlessly before lowering her back down with the same care, there was an audible collective gasp from around them.+

"For someone who doesn't really like dancing a lot, you're doing a good job at it." Olwen commented softly as she circled him, Landon turning then to grasp her waist once more before they swayed together. He flushed slightly in response.+

"It helps that I have a talented dancer for a mate." His smile turned into a smirk. "I wouldn't mind seeing more of that in private..."+

Olwen emitted a mock scandalised gasp before smacking him lightly in the shoulder, making him laugh.+

"Don't say things like that out here! We're supposed to be dignified."+

"Perhaps...but when it all comes down to it, we're still two newly mated wolves." Landon grinned at her, holding and moving her down into a smooth dip, Olwen's brown hair rippling behind her like a beautiful wave. Her hands subconsciously grasped tighter around Landon's shoulders, but as she stared into his blue eyes she knew for certain he wouldn't drop her.+

He brought her back up and closer to him, Olwen resting her head on his shoulder as they danced.+

"So...how is your first Pack function as Luna of the Moon River Pack?" He murmured into her ear.+

Olwen smiled and gave a soft nod.+

"...I could get used to it."+

Neither of them mentioned anything of it, but her talk with Aaron earlier, where she expressed gratitude for his unfaithfulness towards her was probably the thing she was most proud of in her life up until that point. +

And Kylie's face...Olwen couldn't help cracking a smile at the memory. Kylie hadn't stolen anything from her - technically, what she had actually done was pick up Olwen's trash. If Aaron had been more loyal and accepting of Olwen, then he wouldn't have cheated on her, and if Alpha Bradley had been a good leader he wouldn't have threatened exile on Olwen just to cover up for his son. Had she stayed and become Luna of the Silver Arrow Pack, Olwen most likely wouldn't be as well respected or loved as she was as Luna of the Moon River Pack.+

Her heart warmed some more at the thought of her current home. She had a new fated mate, against all odds, that truly loved and cared for her, and pack members that admired her despite her omega status. And the best parts of her old life - Stela and her family - had come over to become part of her new life as well.+

Out of the corner of her eye, Olwen could see Beta Elijah and Stela dancing together. The two were swaying around, not as experienced as their Alpha and Luna in dancing, but also deep in discussion - most likely regarding another book. The way they gazed at each other, full of happiness and love despite most likely disagreeing on their perspectives of the topic at hand, was all Olwen had wanted to see on her friends' faces.+

And Cael, who was far more comfortable in his own skin and at ease with socialising with his new packmates, was gradually getting used to his new life as an integral part of the Moon River Pack, as well as Gamma Josh's mate. Cael had also gone a ways to help set up the more technical parts of the function under Olwen's supervision, and he'd done a good job. The pair were taking it slow still, but both had confided in her on separate occasions that they were considering taking their bond further and marking each other.+

Everything came back to Alpha Landon Cartwright. He didn't share the same narrow minded viewpoints Bradley or Alpha Aaron did, he acknowledged his own mistakes and low points, and appreciated and accepted her for who she was. If he hadn't offered her a place in his Pack...she would still have been out in the wilds fending for herself by now.+

"You're amazing." Olwen found herself murmuring to her mate, his response a raised eyebrow of surprise and a small smile.+

"Thank you, I guess?"+

......+

Stela stepped out of the room and onto the balcony, the night air caressing her face. After deliberating with Elijah on what could have made the I Am Number Four movie a stronger adaptation of the books, she wanted to relax - her mate was currently catching up with the Beta from the Fire Claw Pack.6

She slowly inhaled and then exhaled with a small smile on her face - she had never been to the Evergreen Function until now, but she figured no subsequent holding of the event would match up to this one.+

"...Stela?"+

The smile dropped from her lips, and she let out a quiet sigh of frustration. She schooled her face into a neutral expression as she turned around to greet her father.+

"Beta Kayden."+

To put it lightly, Beta Kayden did not look in the best shape. He was less able to disguise his emotions in front of his daughter, stunned, relieved and in parts ashamed as they stood facing each other after having not been together for months.+

"It's...been a while." Kayden said, his voice quiet, almost tender.+

"Mm." Stela responded, her eyes flickering all over her father's form. "It has."+

As much as a part of her wanted to tell him all that had happened since she and her mother and brother had departed from the Silver Arrow Pack, she wasn't sure if she could entrust him with that information after all that had happened.+

"You...found your mate." Kayden said. "He's the Beta of the Moon River Pack?"+

"Yes."+

The man nodded slowly. "I've met Beta Elijah a few times. He seems like a nice man."+

"I don't need your approval, you know."1

Kayden visibly flinched at Stella's words, and she briefly felt guilty but didn't show it.3

"...I know you don't."+

A long silence dragged out between the two of them.+

"Cael and Sylvie...are they here? Are they safe?"+

"Luna Kylie, answer me." Alpha Landon spoke firmly, as Beta Elijah hurried over to help restrain the she-wolf. "Did you attempt to poison Luna Olwen?"+

Kylie didn't answer, staring at the Elise on the floor in stunned silence. Doctor Enzo arrived just as the struggling omega had fallen unconscious.+

"Oh thank the goddess, she's still alive," He breathed, checking her pulse. "I'll take her to the pack clinic."+

He carefully carried Elise up and hurried out of the event hall as quickly as he had appeared. As soon as he was gone, all eyes zipped back to Kylie. Aaron, who had managed to take back control from Ares, was by the side blinking disorientedly. Everything had happened quickly for him, and suddenly his chosen mate was being accused of attempting to murder another Luna.+

"Kylie, just answer the question." Aaron said, approaching her. "Did you try to poison Olwen?"+

"That wasn't poison." Kylie protested, finding her voice at last the moment Enzo and Elise were out of sight. "It was just a small dose of concentrated wolfsbane."1

"Wolfsbane?" Landon demanded, his face stormy. His grip tightened on Kylie as he glanced at Olwen, making sure she was okay. Fortunately, his mate had not been scratched at all by Kylie's poisoned hairpin, but she stayed a distance away from the other she-wolf with a wary look.+

The other leaders were watching the commotion, but the moment they heard the word wolfsbane they murmured amongst themselves uneasily.+

"It wouldn't have killed Luna Olwen, it would have just cut off her connection to her wolf for some time." Kylie muttered ruefully, her eyes dropping to the polished marble floor. "Don't be dramatic. I didn't use that much - she is an omega, after all."1

"Dramatic?" Stela strode forward, her eyes blazing with anger. "Taking away someone's wolf, even temporarily, is a severe blow. It's like losing a part of yourself, having half of your soul ripped away!"+

"I wasn't thinking," Kylie protested, suddenly sniffling. "I saw Luna Olwen talking with Alpha Aaron, and I assumed the worst since they were ex mates."+

Her knees buckled and she collapsed on the ground, sobbing.+

"I'm sorry, Luna Olwen. It's fortunate that I missed!"1

Olwen couldn't help the inward rolling of eyes she was doing. Kylie was obviously trying to worm her way out of the situation the same method she'd used before - by spilling crocodile tears and a sob story. From the murmurs around her, not a lot of attendees were buying it.+

Before Olwen could open her mouth however, another burst of sobs came from her left. Kylie, face stained with tears, looked up in confusion as Stela collapsed on her knees as well, crying.+

"But you didn't miss, you ended up injecting Elise with wolfsbane! She's my brother's dearest friend, someone tell me she's okay!"4

Stela was genuinely worried about Elise, but at the same time seeing Kylie attempting to win sympathy points - again - got to the she-wolf this time. And there was no way she was going to let Kylie have the spotlight and attempt to make Olwen look bad.1

"Do you really think that just because you didn't reach your intended target, that I'll somehow go more easy on you?" Landon snarled, his eyes flashing golden yellow. "You just tried to cause harm to the Luna of another Pack, and during the annual Evergreen function no less."2

The onlookers all glanced at Luna Kylie and nodded amongst themselves, muttering. It was an unspoken rule that the function was a time of peace, where the leaders of each pack could converse and form connections without a need for any violence. And that rule had remained unbroken for years - until now.1

"I suggest that Luna Olwen conceive a fitting punishment for Luna Kylie." The voice that spoke up belonged to Alpha Silas, who was glowering at the Luna in question. "After all, she was the one that Luna Kylie originally intended to inject with wolfsbane."+

Everyone turned to Olwen, who was still standing in the same spot. Her heart was pounding - she had been so close to losing Opal - even if for a momentary period of time. If Elise hadn't gotten in the way...+

Even though Olwen was alright, Elise definitely was not. At this, her gaze steeled and she fixated a stern glare at Kylie.+

"Very well...."+

She looked up at all of the leaders surrounding her, including a still rather disoriented Alpha Aaron who seemed caught off guard by what was going on.+

"I recommend that we administer twice the dosage of concentrated wolfsbane to Luna Kylie."1

"What?!"+

The she-wolf's eyes were huge.+

"You can't! I don't know how long my connection to Kiara will be missing!"+

"You'll be fine." Olwen replied stiffly. "You did say your previous dose was merciful because I am an omega. So as a stronger she-wolf, your connection to Kiara should be able to withstand twice that amount."1

She looked at her mate. "Does that seem like a fitting punishment to you, Alpha Landon?"+

"I think it is suitable." Landon responded with a curt nod.+

Kylie swallowed, glancing at all the others in the room, silently pleading for someone, anyone, to speak up on her behalf.+

But none did.+

Instead, the Alphas, Lunas, Betas and the like all collectively exchanged glances.+

"Sounds fair, if she knows what it is like to lose one's wolf, maybe she wouldn't do it to others." Alpha Maxwell spoke with a snort.+

Kylie flushed angrily at his words, when she saw Aaron approaching her. Her eyes widened and she quickly tried to look as pitiful and as desperate as possible.+

"Aaron...please do something..." She begged him. "I don't want to lose Kiara..."+

Alpha Aaron looked at her for a brief moment before turning to the others in the room.+

"Do what you wish." He said, devoid of emotion before he headed further away from her without a second glance.4

......+

Once Luna Kylie had been injected with twice the dosage of concentrated wolfsbane she had intended for Luna Olwen, she was carried back to their temporary living quarters in the Moon River Pack, escorted by Alpha Landon's best guards.+

Keep a close eye on both her and her mate. Landon instructed his men via the mind link. Anything suspicious, report to me.+

Yes, Alpha.+

As the men led Alpha Aaron away, Luna Kylie in his arms as limp as a ragdoll, Landon turned back to Olwen. "Are you okay?"+

She nodded.+

"I'm fine. I hope Elise is alright..."+

"We'll go and see her once this function is over." Landon assured her softly.+

Once Alpha Aaron and Luna Kylie had left the hall, the rest of the leaders had broken into heated discussion.+

"What kind of Luna tries to harm another in open view of everyone else, let alone the annual function?"+

It was day three of post Evergreen Packs function that Luna Olwen awoke feeling warmer than ever before. Landon had left a few hours earlier to oversee some patrols, and she had her own procedures to overlook. But as Olwen tried to move out of bed, the heat became even more unbearable, and she found herself having to calm down by inhaling what was left of her mate's scent in his pillows.+

She immediately knew what it was.+

Landon...I'm in my heat. She mind-linked him.+

Less than a few seconds later, Alpha Landon's voice came through.+

Stay in bed, I'm on my way back. I'll tell Beta Elijah and Delta Cassidy to take over our duties for the day. Don't come out.+

Olwen obeyed and stayed in their shared bed, her skin prickling and the tension in her body slowly rising with each passing moment. Opal was whining inside her, impatient for the Alpha to come back and tend to their needs.+

She'd heard of a heat before, and the descriptions she'd heard of it did no justice. She eventually had to kick her blanket off the bed because of how unbearably hot she was becoming, resorting to pulling out a number of Landon's clothes and lying in them like a nest. She felt as though if she didn't find and bed Alpha Landon right now, she would literally die.1

She fortunately didn't have to wait for long before she heard the sound of the door opening and then shutting and locking outside in quick succession, before the scent of rain and forest burst through the door again.+

As Alpha Landon climbed onto the bed and leaned over her however, his face looked more agitated than usual. Olwen frowned in concern.+

"Landon...are you okay?"+

"I'm fine." He muttered, the agitation morphing into something bordering on possessiveness as his eyes focused on hers. "I just...want to be with you."+

His lips pressed against hers and Olwen briefly forgot about that look.+

It was only several hours later, when they were both covered in sweat and catching their breath that Landon, with Olwen curled up against him, spoke in a quiet voice.+

"...Are you aware that Aaron was across the road from our home?"4

Olwen's blood ran cold as she shifted to look up at her mate in disbelief.+

"...Are you serious?"+

Landon nodded, that grim expression returning to his face again.+

"As I was on my way here, I saw him leaning against a lamppost. His gaze was fixed on our house."+

A shiver of disgust went up Olwen's spine.+

"Did he...speak to you?"+

"He tried." Landon snorted, leaning back against the headboard and crossing his arms. "He wanted to ask where you were because he hadn't seen you in a while. I cut him off and told him it was none of his business."+

Olwen heaved a quiet sigh of relief, but the thought of her ex-mate possibly still watching her from a distance gnawed at her.+

"...Could he still be there?"+

Landon shook his head, pulling Olwen protectively into his arms.+

"I warned him to stay away from you, so I think he left. I've mindlinked the others just in case though."+

Olwen relaxed slightly at this, running a hand through her mate's blonde hair.+

"...Thank you."+

"You are aware that Aaron has constantly been following you, right?" Landon asked quietly, his eyes resting on hers with concern. Olwen met his gaze and nodded slowly.+

"...He hasn't exactly been subtle about it."+

Aaron hadn't spoken a word directly to her within these three days - it wasn't like she wanted to speak to him anyways - but she could feel his eyes on her from somewhere regardless of where she was.+

She knew that the other Alpha wasn't exactly the most welcome presence in the Moon River Pack. A lot of the members knew what he'd done to her, and the way Kylie had behaved at the function hadn't helped things on his end. And with his chosen mate unconscious from wolfsbane one would assume Aaron would spend most of his time indoors, looking after her.+

Instead, as she went about her days, whether for personal reasons or for pack duties, she always glimpsed that dark brown hair and green eyes somewhere. It was to the point where she had to station certain pack warriors nearby just in case Aaron tried something.+

"If I didn't know any better, I'd say he regrets choosing Luna Kylie over you." Landon muttered, gently running his hand through Olwen's pale brown hair.+

Olwen snorted. "A bit late for that."+

Landon pressed his lips to his mate's forehead, a pensive look on his face before he pulled away slightly.+

"Don't mind me asking this but...if Aaron had come after you sooner, maybe before you met me again...would you have taken him back?"+

The woman didn't hesitate in vehemently shaking her head.1

"...Maybe I wouldn't be as cold with him as I am now, but no. He had two years to put an end to what he and Kylie were doing, but yet he didn't, and he was the main reason why I was allowed to be exiled from the Silver Arrow Pack. And even if I did take him back, the way he and his father view omegas in today's world...I wouldn't be happy. Perhaps as a Luna I'd just be reduced to a...trophy mate and baby machine for Alpha Aaron."+

An unpleasant feeling settled in her gut at the thought of being mated to someone who would only be interested in using her to bear children. She was certain Landon wasn't like that, but as it was a well known thing that omegas had better childbearing chances than other wolves, she'd heard of a number of omegas in the Silver Arrow Pack who were subject to such an unfortunate fate.+

"I know that as Alpha of the Moon River Pack, having an heir must be important to you..." Olwen spoke, resting a hand on Landon's chest. "Whenever you want to start trying for a child..."+

"We don't have to start thinking about kids so early." The Alpha assured her, cupping her face and directing her gaze to his. "Yes...I will have a heir someday...but carrying on my line is not why we'll be doing it."+

He kissed her nose, her cheeks and then planted a soft one on her lips again.+

"I will bear a child with you because I love you, Olwen. And the thought of our child having your hair, your eyes, or any other feature from you is enough to make me happy."1

Luna Olwen felt her heart skip a beat at Alpha Landon's words. The very image he just presented brought her warmth as well - but in her case the child didn't have to look like her. If their offspring carried Landon's dirty blonde hair or blue eyes she would love them all the same.+

"Well...when it's time, I look forward to it." She grinned mischievously at Landon.+

The Alpha chuckled and pulled her into his arms. "So do I."+

The tense look hadn't completely faded in his eyes - and that was because Landon really did want to start a family with Olwen but felt that as of now, he could only do so once everything was settled.+

......+

Alpha Aaron sat in Croissants and Co, sipping a mug of hot chocolate with a stormy look on his face. The bakery wasn't that crowded today, with the odd customers walking in and ordering pastries or drinks to go. Jasper and Nicole popped out once in a while to serve their customers, and then went right back into the kitchen - probably avoiding him.+

A/N: Story has been #1 for choices for quite some time now, noice ^^+

......+

As the Alpha and now temporarily human-esque Luna returned to the Silver Arrow Pack with their Beta in tow, the first thing that was noticeable was that barely anyone was out there to welcome them back aside from Delta Jace and Gamma Edric.+

"Your father is waiting for you in your office." Delta Jace spoke to Alpha Aaron, not even looking at Luna Kylie as he talked.+

"Of course." Aaron pulled Kylie past the two men and headed to the Alpha's office. He briefly mindlinked Beta Kayden to bring the luggages to his and Kylie's home.+

As they walked deeper into Silver Arrow Pack, the second thing noticeable was that the amount of people outside hadn't really changed much. In comparison to a usual day, the place may as well have become a ghost town.+

Figuring it was probably out of spite after hearing of Luna Kylie's attempt to hurting Luna Olwen at the function, Aaron sighed to himself and headed on towards the office building, where he was more than prepared to receive a tongue lashing from his father.+

He and Kylie entered his office to see his father staring out the glass, his back to them.+

Aaron dipped his head, his eyes shooting to the floor.+

"...Dad."+

Bradley said nothing, letting the silence reign within the room for about a good five minutes before he spoke a simple sentence.+

"Almost half of the Silver Arrow Pack have gone."2

Aaron dropped Kylie's wrist and stared at his father in disbelief, his face paling.+

"What...?"+

"A few days ago." Bradley turned around, his face stormy and eyes dark. "They all packed and left in the middle of the night, no warning and nothing left behind."1

Aaron's mind blanked out in panic as the words sank in.+

"...Why? How?"+

On hindsight those were not good questions to start with, and Bradley slammed his fist on the table, startling both his son and Luna Kylie.+

"Simple...everyone heard about that pathetic stunt that you-" He glared at Kylie, who shrunk back in terror without Kiara's strength to back her up. "Tried to pull at the function. And what's this I hear about Olwen now becoming the Luna of the Moon River Pack?"+

"Dad, we don't know how it happened either," Aaron spoke up, stepping in front of Kylie. This wasn't really a matter of protecting his mate, but more of preventing his father from attacking someone unnecessarily again. "Alpha Landon claimed that he took her into his pack and they fell in love, but that-"+

"Is not important now compared to what your stupid mate tried to do!" Bradley cut him off harshly. He stood up, his eyes changing colour as Bastian growled behind them. "Didn't you assure me you would work together with her to upkeep a united front for the Silver Arrow Pack?"+

"Yes. I did." Aaron answered, trying to remain calm despite the amount of questions racing around in his head. "We tried, we really did, but so many things happened that were out of our hands."+

Bradley scoffed, crossing his arms. "Luna Kylie still chose to embarrass both herself and the Silver Arrow Pack by trying to poison another Luna in the open. What kind of image is she trying to present?"+

Kylie swelled at this remark, but couldn't find it in herself to refute Bradley's words.+

"It's no surprise that the rest of the leaders agreed with dishing out such a punishment on her," Bradley continued, not feeling an ounce of sympathy for the pitiful looking she wolf in front of him. "Such foolishness is unbecoming of a Luna."+

"Mr Young," Kylie tried to speak, her voice softer than normal. "I-"+

"And that brings me to how half the pack's disappearances came about." The older man interrupted her without a care. "It was all thanks to the attendant that was working for you."+

Kylie squinted in confusion.+

"What, Jessie?"+

"I would have easily stopped those traitorous masses from leaving if she hadn't drugged me!" Bradley growled, making both the others' eyes widen. "And it wasn't just me, she put the Delta, Gamma and all the other warriors meant to be patrolling the Pack to sleep while she and the others made their way out!"2

There was a long silence before Kylie quietly and nervously released a disbelieving laugh.+

"Uh...Mr Young...are you sure it was Jessie?"+

"The night before she served drinks to all of the affected parties, and they were all found to have been spiked, so yes!" Bradley only looked angrier that Kylie was daring to question his reasonings.+

"You assured us before you left for the function that your omega attendant wasn't going to be a problem. How could you not notice what she was planning?" The man demanded.+

Kylie tried to open her mouth but closed it again. Other than giving Jessie orders and then taking her anger out on her if things went south, she hadn't known her attendant at all.+

Seeing he wasn't going to get anywhere with the woman, Bradley jabbed a finger at the door.+

"You're useless without your wolf. Go home."+

Suddenly at a loss, Kylie had no other choice but to follow her father in law's instructions. She cast a glance at Aaron, but already knew he wasn't going to stick up for her and then left.+

"The reputation of the Silver Arrow Pack is in tatters thanks to your mate." Bradley spat at his son once the Luna had left. "She's not even capable of being a proper leader now thanks to her own actions. How exactly do you plan to recover from this?"+

"Give me time, dad, I'll figure something out." Aaron said agitatedly, running a hand through his hair. "This literally all happened in the span of a few days, and I'm only hearing about the pack members leaving now!"+

"Within a few more days, another pack may decide we're vulnerable and attack us." Bradley warned him, pacing back and forth. He took a few quick strides over and grabbed his son by the collar, as if contemplating hitting him for a moment before releasing him with a huff.+

"I'm aware. I've mindlinked with Delta Jace to increase the amount of security around the pack with what warriors we have left." Aaron spoke firmly, taking a step back.+

It was the most Aaron could think of for now. If his father was telling the truth and that half the Silver Arrow Pack had really left overnight, then there was no telling where these deserters would go. One might assume they could stay rogues or end up venturing to live amongst humans, but with his pack's reputation the way it was, other pack leaders whom they went to for shelter would jump on the chance to strengthen their numbers.+

"Perhaps we could try to form a closer alliance with one of the other packs during this time." Aaron suggested, racking his brain. "I recall that the Night Ridge Pack is still indebted to us. I've always had a good relationship with Alpha Frederick. Save for the hiccup during the function, he might agree to something more, maybe training for both our warriors if I talk him into it."+

Bradley scoffed.+

"You'd better hope he's still willing to talk to you."+

He got up and shoved Aaron into the Alpha's chair before taking a few steps to the door.+

Alpha Landon kept an eye on the responses slowly coming in from the other leaders - so far all of them were in favour of the challenge, emailing back the contract he had sent out with their signatures. In the meantime, he and Luna Olwen agreed to travel back to the human town to attend an official wedding for Beta Elijah and Stela.+

Given the recent and upcoming events, and their own tastes, Elijah and Stela had chosen for their human wedding to be a small event. The only attendees were Olwen, Landon, Cael, Sylvie and of course Elijah's parents Jasper and Nicole. Delta Cassidy and Gamma Josh once again were willingly taking over pack duties while they were out.+

Two weeks had passed since the conclusion of the first Evergreen Function that the Moon River Pack had hosted in decades, and certainly the most eventful. They hadn't heard a thing from the Silver Arrow Pack, but rumours had begun to surface of groups of pack members turning up at other pack territories and seeking shelter. Most assumed it was because Luna Kylie hadn't recovered from her wolfsbane punishment, and that the leaders of the so-called strongest pack in the Wilds did not wish for their already tarnished image to further disintegrate.2

Since the function though, Delta Cassidy had begun upping the training of the warriors of the Moon River Pack - with the upcoming challenge and increased sightings of rogues, the Pack needed security to be at its best. Gamma Josh had also looked over and gone through many of the new programmes that Cael had helped set up, and as a result knew how to maintain them now without his mate having to show him. In Joshua's eyes learning and making an effort to understand Cael's favourite interests was something a mate would always do, but for Cael it was like the Gamma had given him the world.+

Also on the subject of mates, Elise was awake now - had been shortly before Aaron and Kylie had left, but had not yet been discharged from the hospital. Fortunately, it was not because of her health; her condition was stable, and her connection to her wolf Ember was still weak but there. After she'd awoken, Elise finally had a proper conversation with her fated mate.+

While she wasn't exactly a hundred percent lovey dovey with Doctor Enzo yet, the two were trying their best to make things work between them. Luna Olwen had heard a few days ago that having caught wind of the fact that their daughter was mated to the lower but still decently reputable pack Doctor, Mr and Mrs Ainsworth had finally made an effort to go see Elise. However, they were in the clinic for about only five minutes before Doctor Enzo was seen having them escorted from the premises with a solemn look on his face. Their matebond had a ways to grow and develop, but it was a good start.2

But back to the wedding - it was meant to be a quiet affair, so they had rented out a restaurant, Elijah's suit and Stela's gown slightly more casual than a grandiose wedding but suited to them both. The thing on their bodies that had taken the most money was the pair of rings, both with dark blue gemstones.+

Landon drove them all to the human town in the early hours of the morning, checking everyone in to the motel before they commenced the procession.+

Though the only other people present were a minister and a photographer, the wide smiles on Elijah and Stela's faces told anyone that this was what they preferred. They didn't need many people witnessing their union, just those they cared about the most.+

As the best man and woman, Landon and Olwen watched their friends recite their wedding vows to one another. Their marks were hidden by their clothes, and though in the eyes of any wolf the couple were already tied together, witnessing them going ahead with this ceremony brought a beautiful sense of finality. And as the 'I do's' were finished and Elijah leaned in to kiss his bride, Olwen felt tears of happiness prick her eyes. She wasn't the only one - Elijah's parents were barely holding on, while Sylvie was watching the scene with a rather bittersweet smile - a part of her probably wished that Beta Kayden was here to see this, but it was his loss. Cael was grinning at his older sister, while his hand rubbed Sylvie's back supportively.1

It still only felt like yesterday that Stela was still training alongside Olwen in the Silver Arrow Pack, her only goal to take over as the Beta and having had no foresight of the events that would unfold.+

"Are you feeling alright, love?" Landon's voice was suddenly right next to her ear, making her heart flutter. She turned to gaze up into his blue eyes, and she nodded with a small grin.+

"Of course...it's just..."+

She sighed and looked back at the happy pair, who were now taking photos.+

"It's things like this that remind me that we've all come a long way in such a short span of time."+

"I can see that." Landon agreed, his own eyes moving to Elijah, who was holding Stela in his arms for the next picture. "I saw the longing and frustration and fear that Elijah went through while he was still waiting to meet his mate, as much as he tried to hide it over the years. And now here he is, bonded to the one he loves."+

Olwen nodded.+

"I hadn't expected your best friend to be mates to mine...but they're perfect for each other."+

Their conversation was interrupted as Stela turned to beckon them over for a photo - they'd have the best man and woman in a picture, and then bring in all the other wedding guests. After the camera shutter had gone off a few times, Landon whispered into Olwen's ear as the photographer readied for another shot.+

"You know...I wouldn't mind having a wedding like this with you somewhere in the future."+

He drew back and smiled for the next photo before Olwen could say anything else, and she turned back to the camera lens with a good visible blush accompanying her own grin.+

......+

The next few hours flew by quickly. They danced and sang to music in the motel's karaoke bar, with Stela launching into a surprisingly decent rendition of 'Walking On Sunshine' as Elijah pulled Sylvie into a mother/son-in-law dance. Cael shrugged and decided to invite Nicole to a dance as well, with Jasper jokingly trying to get in between the two of them. Knowing they wouldn't find a reprieve like this for a while, Olwen and Landon joined in.+

By the time late night fell, everyone was exhausted but happy. Elijah, who had been shooting Stela looks for the latter half of the evening, finally scooped his mate up in his arms and whisked the both of them away to their room. Leaving the couple to a prosperous wedding night, the others stayed to clean up the area before they would turn in themselves.+

After bidding goodnight to Cael and Elijah's parents, Olwen headed out of the motel for a final stroll. The night was cool, and the wind blew through her soft brown hair. She sighed, inhaling the night air for a moment before exhaling. The final signature had been procured just a few minutes ago, and Landon was in the motel lobby finalising all the details before he would officially send the requesting of the Alpha challenge to the Silver Arrow Pack.+

Olwen dreaded to know the response that would come from that, but knew that in the direction Alpha Aaron and his father had already gone, that it was necessary.+

Her mind continued to drift as she walked along the streets - there were still people out this late, but not much. A street busker was quietly packing up his guitar for the day, as a few younger teenagers chatted and laughed, heading home after a day out.+

Olwen almost missed it as something small bumped into her.+

"Oh, sorry miss pretty lady!"+

The Luna looked down, before recognition hit her. It was the same young girl that she and Landon had encountered in the diner in this town all those weeks ago.+

A/N: Wow this story is blowing up faster than I thought it would O-O Thanks for all the votes and adding the story to reading lists though!+

......+

It was much to Luna Kylie's overwhelming relief and joy that she woke up one morning and was able to once again smell the scent of driftwood on the sheets, and see the colour that had returned to her form. Kiara, who had been comatose for weeks after the wolfsbane punishment, briefly admonished her human for trying to attack Olwen at the function with a heirloom that had been created solely for self defence, shortly before Kylie suppressed her again with a scoff. She didn't need to be reminded of that now.2

With her strength back, she could return to her duties as Luna of the Silver Arrow Pack - at least what was left of it. She'd wallowed in shame, having felt nothing but numb the past month - wolfless and weak, the pack members that were left hadn't hesitated to openly show that they neither respected nor liked her.+

She'd learnt from her mistakes. It didn't matter if Olwen was now a Luna herself, Kylie was still Luna of the strongest Pack in the forest. She'd heard that Alpha Aaron was in the process of negotiating a deal with Alpha Frederick that would surely bring up their numbers, so they were bound to bounce back after the massive setback they'd endured. And as for how both father and son were holding her responsible for making a fool out of the Silver Arrow Pack at the function, she knew she would have to hold her tongue next time. Her fellow leaders didn't need to know their flaws by having them being addressed out loud.1

She'd strode down to try and find Alpha Aaron and inform him of the good news, secretly pleased that some of the pack members she passed by either nervously avoided her gaze or shrunk back upon realising her wolf had been restored. Much to her chagrin however, she was stopped at the office building entrance by Gamma Edric, who informed her that Alpha Aaron, his father and Beta Kayden were in a deep discussion about something and that they did not wish to be disturbed.+

Luna Kylie was very tempted to knock the Gamma unconscious and go to demand an audience with her mate, but held back after recalling that it would not make things look any better for her in Aaron's eyes.1

Forced to head back home, she decided on the next best thing: she would surprise her husband. He hadn't mentioned Olwen at all since they'd come back, and hopefully she could remind him exactly why he'd chosen her to be his mate in the first place.+

After dinner, Kylie spent the next few hours giving herself a relaxing bubble bath, before finding a translucent nightgown that she had last used the night after her and Aaron's Marking Ceremony. Wearing the comfortable fabric, which purposely hid next to nothing beneath, she combed her auburn hair and went to light some candles up to their shared bedroom. She slid into bed after covering the sheets with rose petals, relaxing on her back and busying herself with the latest updates on the online bulletin before she heard the front door open sometime later.+

Her amber eyes lighting up, Kylie sat up and arranged herself into a more seductive pose, making sure to show off her curves more as she heard Aaron's steps slowly ascend the stairs. His driftwood scent came toward her long before the door opened and she could finally raise her head and look her mate in the eyes with a confident expression.+

"Alpha Aaron, you're back. I was worried you'd forgotten about me."+

Aaron's expression as he looked at her was currently unreadable as he stayed put by the door. Figuring he could use some coaxing, Kylie swung her legs up and off the bed, getting up and sauntering towards him with her swaying hips.+

"I have my wolf back." She purred, reaching up and tracing a hand across his shoulder, remembering how that would drive him crazy back in the day. "I've missed your scent...and I know you've missed mine..."+

She gently leaned closer to him, making sure to accentuate her figure in that revealing nightgown as she brought her lips ever so close to his.+

"...Are you fucking kidding me?"+

Kylie stiffened at the repulsion in Aaron's voice. It sounded even more visceral in his tone now than when she'd temporarily lost her wolf.+

"...What?"+

She was further caught off guard as Aaron pushed her away with surprising force, causing her to stumble back on the bed and scattering the rose petals all over the floor. Kylie had known Alpha Aaron was strong, but he'd never used force on her in this way.+

"Alpha-!" Kylie gasped, stunned by how easily her mate had just turned her down. "I was just-"+

"Did you seriously think that if you seduced me that I would magically forget about all the trouble you caused me and the Silver Arrow Pack?" Aaron snapped, glaring at her. "You seem to have not learnt a thing even after losing Kiara for a month."1

"I...I have learnt my lesson, I promise!" Kylie exclaimed, sitting up with a desperate, pleading expression. "I'll do better, both as your mate and your Luna!"+

"Do better?" Aaron scoffed at her words. "All I asked of you was basic politeness and decency at the function, and you couldn't even fulfil that. You offended more than one leader with your blatant lack of awareness. And not to mention your pitiful attempt at poisoning Olwen!"+

"I couldn't help myself once you abandoned me most of the night and kept gazing after her like some lost pup!" Kylie retaliated, her eyes flashing with anger. "I'm supposed to be your mate, you chose me to be the Luna!"+

Aaron emitted a low growl and made her flinch.+

"Then you should have acted like a proper Luna," He snarled. "Not some jealous teenager."+

Kylie flushed red at his insult, and then Aaron shook his head and muttered under his breath.+

"Had she changed places with you, I doubt Olwen would have done what you did."+

Hearing her name from the Alpha's lips immediately brought back every single fear that Kylie had thought up while in her wolfless state, and she flew into a rage.+

"Don't you dare compare me to her!" She stood up and stalked towards her mate. "Olwen is not your mate anymore, and you should accept that!"+

With her blood boiling, Kylie made to punch Aaron, but for all her strength, she was still no match for an Alpha. Her fist was halted mid swing, and then Aaron's hand was around her throat and lifting her off the ground, making her wriggle and gasp for air. Her amber eyes gazed down into the Alpha's green ones with fear and pleading - but unlike last time, where it had been Ares attempting to strangle her, she couldn't rely on Aaron to save her now.+

The look on the man's face as he held her above the floor, her feet dangling, was nothing short of venomous. It was a far cry from the excitement and desire his gaze once held for her.+

And then he spoke the words that she feared receiving the most.+

"I was wrong to choose you over Olwen." Alpha Aaron spat, staring coldly at her. "Perhaps I only loved you physically back then, but now, even looking at you makes me sick. Ever since you were given the post of Luna, you've become even more arrogant, violent, and impulsive. The more I think about it, the more I'm starting to believe that you were always like this, but didn't show it until you had the power to."+

Kylie kicked her legs to no avail, still choking as her eyes flashed rapidly between hers and Kiara's.+

"Alpha..I'm sorry..."+

A/N: I shall address this here since the story has been growing a lot faster than I expected (and damn thanks for that ahaha)+

If Destiny's Tethers appears on other sites, especially those that monetise most of the chapters, it is not from me. I do not intend for anyone to have to pay to read this story.16

......+

The afternoon after they returned back from the human town, the response from Alpha Aaron arrived.+

To Alpha Landon,+

I accept your challenge. As agreed upon in the attached contract, the Alphas of the Silver Arrow and Moon River Pack will meet up on neutral grounds two weeks from now, accompanied by only our Betas and pack doctors. The victor will receive the honour of becoming the strongest Alpha and leader of the most powerful pack of the Evergreen Wilds. No cheating or assistance will be allowed.+

Regards,+

Alpha Aaron Young+

......+

Luna Olwen took over most duties for the Moon River Pack as her mate prepared for the challenge. Alpha Landon was already rather strong on his own, and Olwen for one knew that he was more than a match for Aaron. But given Alpha Aaron would definitely not give up the prestigious strongest pack in the forest title so easily, they could not let their guard down.+

It did mean that Alpha Landon was usually either in the forests patrolling or training at the gym, and that Olwen only at most saw him at night - but she didn't mind. Especially given that they were only going to plan to start a family once this hurdle was overcome, it was imperative that they both devote all their effort to preparing for it.+

Josh and Cael made the decision to officially mark each other, the latter having become the pack's de-facto head of security by now. His new system, including the abolishing of a number of blind spots some of the cameras previously had, had helped some of the Moon River Pack patrols identify and deal with possible disturbances, such as rogues that strayed too close to the borders. Josh had witnessed his beloved mate progress from a shy, quiet man who didn't know his place at all in a pack, to...well, a shy quiet man that absolutely knew and owned his place.1

Elise had been discharged from the clinic and was still living with Josh and Cael; but Doctor Enzo had become a frequent visitor to their home as well. As part of her recovery and strengthening her connection with her wolf, Enzo had insisted on her bringing Ember on daily runs - whether this was to truly benefit her health or allow him to spend more time with her was unclear. Regardless of how Enzo and Elise felt about each other, their wolves had been drawn to each other from day one. If not for the Doctor's impressive self control, his wolf Eston might have marked Elise while she was still recuperating in his bed, or even after the two humans had locked eyes during Olwen's Luna Ceremony.1

During the course of it all, several families from the Silver Arrow Pack arrived at the vicinity. Luna Olwen was able to vouch for them as their former pack member, especially after an unexpected reunion with Jessie.+

Of course, they'd heard of the strong showing of the Moon River Pack at the function, and had willingly undertaken the long journey here. The pack suddenly needed to host a lot more new members, with Gamma Josh having his hands full with observing and screening each of them, even with the new programmes Cael had come up with.+

It was here that Alpha Landon and Luna Olwen decided to implement something they had been considering for a few weeks now - considering the Moon River Pack was slowly but surely going to grow in size, they would need to appoint more authority figures than just the three.+

The Moon River Committee was formed and split into two groups.+

The first were the Alpha's subordinates - Beta Elijah, Delta Cassidy and Gamma Joshua.+

And the second were the Luna's - Beta Stela, Delta Lincoln and Gamma Marisa. The two factions could operate both separately and together depending on circumstances.+

Stela was pretty much a no-brainer. She had been training to be Beta her whole life and was more than happy to work with Olwen in a professional setting once more. And though there were some concerns that her mate was also on the committee, their very passionate debates on their perspectives when it came to literature was more than proof that their relationship would not make them biased towards each other.1

Lincoln and Marisa had been screened along with several other possible candidates before being offered the posts. Lincoln was the best strategist amongst the pack warriors and had worked together with Cassidy on multiple occasions already. Marisa, on the other hand, was an omega but an excellent healer who had volunteered at Doctor Enzo's clinic before.+

The appointment made waves on the online bulletin - the others had received former members of Alpha Aaron's pack, but not to the extent that the Moon River Pack was getting now. It was estimated that given the amount that the Silver Arrow Pack had lost, that the Moon River Pack would reach almost twice their size in terms of population. With the official announcement of the upcoming Challenge between Landon and Aaron, many were confident that Alpha Landon would come out on top.+

While not officially confirmed, Jessie also informed Olwen and Stela she had heard rumours of Kylie being rejected by Alpha Aaron and kicked out of the Silver Arrow Pack. Karma, many said, for stealing someone else's mate and then trying to hurt another Luna at a peaceful event. But rather than the glee that Stela, Jessie and many other former pack members expressed at this, Olwen was merely indifferent. She'd stopped caring about Aaron and Kylie a long time ago, even before running into them at the function; they were in her past, and the Moon River Pack was her future.1

Rather, the conversation she'd had with Priscilla back in Applewin - apparently that was the town name - consumed most of the Luna's thoughts.+

She'd realised that Bradley was selfish and cruel, but hadn't known it had been to such a drastic extent that he would have cheated on the mate he claimed to be devoted to so much. And given the physical resemblance of Priscilla's children to Aaron and by extent his father, the proof could only speak for itself.+

But it explained so much. The descent of the Silver Arrow Pack that the Moon Goddess had hinted to her about, Bradley's hidden affair must have been fairly significant to it. And the drugs that Ares revealed Aaron had used to numb his wolf whenever he slept with Kylie...it made sense to suggest that Bradley had done the same whenever he went to see Priscilla.+

That shed a whole new perspective on the supposed grief the then Alpha had gone through after the rogue attacks resulted in the death of Luna Tess. He'd had a toast in her name at the function that year and even dedicated a whole wing of the library to her...perhaps it was his guilt that he had indirectly caused his wife's death?1

No matter, this all meant that Felix and Tonia were Bradley's children and Aaron's younger half siblings. To some extent they had claims to leadership as children of an Alpha, and Luna Olwen had offered to support the pair in anyway she could regardless. To her surprise however, while Priscilla appreciated the kindness, she politely turned her down.+

"We have everything we need." She assured her. "After we fled to Applewin, we found a way to settle down and blend in with humans. Tristan found a steady job, and we've managed to both provide for our kids and tell them their true heritage."+

So unfortunately this is not a chapter, but we are nearing the end of Destiny's Tethers, so I figured now might be a good time for some Q and A?+

Just don't ask me too personal stuff, and not for major spoilers for what will happen in the story next...+

Also, despite still being half certain I can't really world build, I do have an idea for more stories that will expand on the universe that Destiny's Tethers takes place in.+

(For sake of clarification, I have always envisioned the Evergreen Wilds to be somewhere in America, but even then that's just one part of the packs that live there)+

So the sequel - if I do get around to making it - will take place in the same universe as this story, but not in the same place.9

A/N: Walks over to laptop while drinking coffee Hmmm...I wonder how the story is doing tod-+

Sees the story is #1 in the mates, omegaverse, choices and packs tagged categories and spits out coffee3

HOLY SH-+

......+

Sometime ago+

Kayden frowned as he headed to the Alpha's office that morning, having been summoned. Ever since they'd returned from the function, he hadn't received much of an order from Alpha Aaron. The latest update he'd heard the day before was that Luna Kylie had been rejected and exiled from the Silver Arrow Pack.+

Bradley, who had taken over most of the work while they were away, had also not been at his most approachable after the whole losing half of the pack thing. And to make things worse, the remainder that stayed had ignored or talked down to their Alpha and ex Luna after hearing of Kylie's stunt at the function.+

Kayden didn't question Alpha Aaron's decision however. As much as he had tried to put up with her, Kylie was a terrible Luna, and it seemed that her outrageous attempt to pierce Luna Olwen with wolfsbane had finally been the last straw for her chosen mate. +

Believe it or not though, that was not the most pressing thing on Kayden's mind. He'd lost all hope of finding his family after they cut ties with the Silver Arrow Pack, only for his daughter to reappear mated to the Moon River Pack Beta, and Olwen to be their new Luna.+

It stung to realise this, but Stela was a lot happier in her new environment, and with her mate than she had been during her last few months in the Silver Arrow Pack once her best friend had left. He deserved the treatment he received from her, especially after her demand that he leave their old pack. Why hadn't he said yes?+

Perhaps he had hoped for more time to think over things. He'd been training to be the Beta of the Silver Arrow Pack for years before actually becoming the Beta and serving Alpha Bradley - his childhood friend - and then Bradley's son. Things had been bad enough as it was, and his reluctance to leave behind the pack he'd dedicated his life to only led to him pushing not only Stela, but Cael and Sylvie further away. It hadn't escaped him that he had smelled their scents around the pack as he watched over an unconscious Kylie, but never saw them in person aside from Stela.2

His daughter had been right though. The Silver Arrow Pack had started falling apart before the function, and it was only worse now. The hope of maintaining or even saving what dignity was left was quickly slipping out of his grasp.+

Kayden headed down the corridor and knocked the door of the Alpha's office.+

"Come in." Came Aaron's voice.+

Beta Kayden turned the doorknob and went in, seeing Alpha Aaron and Bradley already inside. Much to his confusion, two other pack members were also standing with them, warriors Paulie and Zeno.+

"Alpha." He bowed his head to Aaron before his eyes flickered to Bradley and then the two warriors. "Why...why are Paulie and Zeno here?"+

Aaron's eyes flickered towards his father for a heartbeat before settling back on Beta Kayden.+

"...I received a message from Alpha Landon of the Moon River Pack late last night. He is requesting for a challenge."+

Now this was news, not unexpected but news nonetheless.+

"I see...have you responded?"+

"After some deep discussions with my father, yes." Aaron replied, his tone and expression unreadable. "We came up with a solution that will allow us to overcome this obstacle."+

Kayden tilted his head curiously. He'd seen Alpha Landon multiple times, and the man was strong. Yes, Aaron was too, but he imagined they were pretty closely matched. What made Aaron confident he would defeat the other Alpha?+

The question was most likely already written on Kayden's face, as Aaron motioned to his father, who cleared his throat.+

"As capable as my son is, he is still having issues with his wolf." Bradley spoke, casting Aaron a sideways glare. "So for the duration of the challenge, Aaron has agreed to briefly relinquish the Alpha title to me."+

"...What?" Kayden looked at Bradley and then Aaron, confused and taken aback. "...Isn't that considered cheating?"+

Bradley chuckles and shakes his head. "The contract states that the challenge is between the Alpha of the Silver Arrow Pack and the Alpha of the Moon River Pack. They don't state names, and thus while he could sign the contract as Alpha Aaron, the arrangement will still be considered valid as he was Alpha at the time it was signed, even if he is not the Alpha at the time of the Challenge."+

Kayden wanted to protest some more, but the expression on Bradley's face made him decide to address something else.+

"That doesn't exactly answer my question though, Alpha Aaron."+

Kayden knew the transfer of the Alpha title, aside from by death or retirement, could only be carried out with the presence and consent of the Beta, Delta and Gamma.+

Something flashed in Aaron's eyes.+

"Paulie and Zeno are the new Delta and Gamma of the Silver Arrow Pack."+

Kayden's eyes widened in surprise, and he briefly glanced at the two men. He knew of their strength and power in combat, but right now they just stared at the carpeted floor and seemed to be trying to make themselves as invisible as possible.+

"What happened to Delta Jace and Gamma Edric?"+

"Jace and Edric were found dead in the forest, towards the north entrance last night." Bradley cut in before Aaron could reply. The man's face looked solemn, but devoid of genuine sadness or grief. "It seems that some rogues attempted to invade the Silver Arrow Pack while everyone was asleep. Jace and Edric fought bravely, but they could have been taken by surprise. When Aaron found them, both their necks had been snapped."4

Beta Kayden had his heart in his throat as he heard Bradley speak. That didn't sound like Delta Jace and Gamma Edric at all. They were rather capable fighters, he'd seen them train himself. He couldn't envision them being killed by rogues unless they were exceptionally strong or of large numbers.+

"Their families have been quietly notified, and their bodies have been given a personal burial." Aaron went on. "I thought it best not to announce it formally given the current state of the Pack."+

"But as tragic as the loss of Jace and Edric are," Aaron continued. "With the Challenge quickly approaching, the transfer of the Alpha title must happen now."+

Kayden hesitated.+

"I understand the urgency but...wouldn't it have been better to inform me of this earlier or discuss it with me even?"+

"We didn't think there was a need. Objectively speaking, transferring the title is the best option we have now." Bradley said, watching Kayden with an intent look. "And given you've served me and now Alpha Aaron, I didn't think you would object...isn't that correct?"+

The last part of that question seemed to echo through the office, making the new Delta and Gamma shrink in on themselves even more.+

"...No major objections...Bradley and Alpha Aaron." Kayden spoke slowly, addressing them with a measured expression. "But...could you at least give me a few hours to absorb all of this information? It's...a lot to take in at once."+

A/N: The next few chapters might take a bit longer, as I mentioned we are nearing the end after all!+

Also on a side note, I have decided to include bonus chapters in a separate book as below (I don't know how to embed links but the book is on my profile!):+


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

I'll be starting on the first chapter soon which covers Elijah and Stela's first meeting from their POVs, so stay tuned for that!+

......+

"...Before the challenge was administered, you mentioned Alpha Aaron had reached out to Alpha Frederick for a possible cooperation. Did anything become of that?"+

"No. They corresponded for a while, but once the Challenge was made public, Alpha Frederick retracted any possibility of the Night Ridge Pack assisting the Silver Arrow Pack."+

When Kayden had finished relating his story to Alpha Landon and Luna Olwen, a period of silence passed on through the hospital room, save for the quiet beeping of the ex Beta's heart monitor.+

"...I'm inclined to believe you." Alpha Landon spoke first, enunciating himself slowly as his brain processed the information. "But I'm sure you know that as the former Beta of the Silver Arrow Pack, we don't know how trustworthy you are."+

Kayden bowed his head, shame filling his face.+

"I understand. Things happened so quickly, and I failed to take action earlier when everything was already going wrong. But I now know that however Aaron and Bradley will go about this, they will do whatever they can to gain an advantage or sway the challenge in their favour. Are you prepared to face whichever Alpha will meet you in the fight?"+

Landon turned and exchanged a look with Olwen, who was gazing back at him with concern in her eyes.+

The Alpha's heart softened towards his mate. She'd had to go through so much and she'd only been the Luna for a few months...all because of her former mate and his father.+

If Kayden was telling the truth and Bradley really had killed both Delta Jace and Gamma Edric, then Landon could expect the man to be out for blood if he were to come up against him in the Challenge. Coupled with the possibility that he'd had an affair while Luna Tess had still been alive before ejecting his mistress-while she was pregnant with twins-off of pack territory, Bradley had turned to a much more darker path than Landon had ever thought.+

And by having given the order to his subordinates that led to their demise, it made Aaron at least an accessory and at worst partner in crime in regards to his father. Landon couldn't help feeling somewhat disappointed in the other Alpha - he would have thought Aaron would know better than this.+

Landon briefly weighed his options. He could delay the Challenge like Kayden had warned him to, but he could only hold off on it for so long, and who knew what else Aaron and Bradley would resort to. With the small numbers that their pack had dwindled to it made sense that they would resort to more desperate methods.+

"I think that the challenge shall go ahead." He decided aloud, causing Kayden and Olwen to stare at him in disbelief.+

"Landon..." Olwen said, unable to hide the nervousness in her voice.+

The Alpha gently took his mate's hands in his, fixating his soft gaze on hers.+

"This may be the best option we have in dealing with what is left of the Silver Arrow Pack. They may not wish to fight fair but we will, because we have something actually worth fighting for."+

Determination flashed in Landon's blue eyes as he cupped Olwen's face.+

"It won't be me that just becomes the strongest Alpha in the Evergreen Wilds, but as my mate you will become the strongest Luna. We could change the packs here for the better in so many ways, and I know that it all rides on this Challenge."+

He kissed Olwen's forehead.+

"I've trained for weeks after sending that challenge to Alpha Aaron, and I'm slightly more familiar with Alpha Bradley's style in battle. He seeks to bleed his opponents out, and if I can block him from attacking those parts of my wolf I can wear him down."+

"That makes sense...it matches how I've seen Alpha Bradley fight before." Olwen agreed. She hadn't sparred with Bradley at all, but she'd seen the way he trained the pack warriors.+

"I can help you with that once I have recovered." Kayden spoke up. "It is the least I can do for all that has happened."+

Alpha Landon turned and studied the former Beta for a heartbeat.+

"...Any help would be appreciated. If you report anything to the Silver Arrow Pack, however..."+

"I swear that I won't." Kayden said firmly, sitting up straight in the bed. "If I betray you, you are free to cut me out of the pack...or have me killed."+

Landon raised an eyebrow at this and only gave a nod.+

"...Rest well for now. Thank you for informing us of this, Mr Anderson."+

Alpha Landon and Luna Olwen stepped out of the room, with Doctor Enzo waiting for them outside.+

"I'll observe him for a few more days. His human self has recuperated quickly, but his wolf will need some time to fully regain his strength."+

"Thank you, Doctor Enzo. If anything happens tell us." Luna Olwen smiled gratefully at him before they both left the clinic together.+

"...You're sure about going ahead with the Challenge after what Kayden told us?" She asked Landon.+

"Yes..."+

"But...I just found you." Olwen whispered, her irises unable to hide the fear that finally bled onto her face.+

Landon's heart cracked as he felt Olwen's anxiety, Lark whining protectively. He knew Olwen had been trying to keep up strong appearances since they'd confirmed the Challenge, but with the added worry from him facing Alpha Bradley - who had just killed two of the strongest warriors she'd known from the Silver Arrow Pack - she couldn't hold in her own concerns much longer.+

"And I'll still be here." Landon assured her, gazing deeply into her eyes. "I meant what I said...I want to start a family with you one day, when this is all over."+

He pulled her into a tight embrace.+

"Even though I won't be able to accompany you to the Challenge grounds, I'll be there in spirit to cheer you on." Olwen whispered to him, making warmth well up within him.+

"And I trust that while Beta Elijah and I are away, you'll watch over the rest of the pack?"+

"Of course."+

A/N: I'm really trying :')+

On a side note, the first chapter of the bonus stories, focusing on Elijah and Stela is out now in The Tethered Chronicles, so you can find that book on my profile as I mentioned!+

......+

The Challenge was to take place in a stretch of neutral ground situated directly in the heart of the Evergreen Wilds. Accompanied only by Beta Elijah, Landon prepared to depart once the morning came.+

Before he left, he embraced both his parents, who hugged him back tightly with tears in their eyes.+

"Be careful." Wendell spoke to his son, patting his shoulder before Holly gently touched Landon's cheeks with a hopeful but nevertheless worried smile.+

Jasper and Nicole were similarly hugging Beta Elijah goodbye, with Beta Stela kissing him on the cheek and promising to help Luna Olwen and the others look out for the Moon River Pack while he was gone.+

Finally, standing at the main gates of pack territory, Alpha Landon bid farewell to his mate as the other pack members looked on with trepidation for what was to come.+

"I'll be back before you know it." Landon murmured into her ear, gently kissing the top of her head. Olwen felt him inhale softly, probably taking in her scent one more time before he left. She did the same, and briefly her mind took her back to the very first night they met. Alpha Landon, with his dirty blonde hair and blue eyes, seemingly put together but with that hint of melancholy behind his gaze. She owed so much to him.+

"...I love you, Olwen." Landon rumbled, his eyes changing to Lark's for a second. In return, Olwen felt Opal purr as their mate ran a hand through her soft brown hair.+

Olwen wanted to say it back immediately, return the emotions that she indeed reciprocated, but instead she held it in. She separated from Alpha Landon slowly and cupped his cheek.+

"...Come home to me, and I'll say it back." She whispered, her face filled with resolve.+

Landon's face grew solemn, and he gave her a decisive nod before he and Beta Elijah waved to the others and got into the car.+

As the vehicle drove away and slowly shrunk off to a dot on the forest scenery, Luna Olwen remained there for the longest time, Opal already howling with worry and longing.+

They would be okay...right?+

.......+

Kayden had recovered quickly thanks to his wolf, and had sparred and trained with Alpha Landon the best he could do before the latter had gone.+

Him and his family were still on rather awkward speaking terms, but to be fair, they had every right to it after all that had transpired.+

He was around Sylvie the most, but this was more for the benefit of Korson and Soren, who had been apart for far two long and were overjoyed to be reunited again.+

After Alpha Landon and Beta Elijah left, Luna Olwen took over most pack duties, with her subordinates, along with Delta Cassidy and Gamma Josh supporting her.+

Everyone had their own segments to focus on. Beta Stela worked most closely with Luna Olwen to overlook the movements of daily patrols, settle disputes and other concerns from pack members, and check on the development of programmes and facilities around.+

Delta Cassidy and Delta Lincoln were both training the pack warriors, preparing them in case the Moon River Pack was set upon while the Alpha and his Beta were away. And with the addition of warriors from the Silver Arrow Pack, they needed to adjust and work together with their new packmates. While they weren't warriors, Olwen continued to train the segment of omegas that had come to her the week before.+

Gamma Josh worked with Cael to ensure the effectiveness of the new security measures for the Moon River Pack, as well as heading the daily patrols himself. Josh was also helping with the installation of a monitoring room in the underground shelters beneath pack grounds, which would allow his mate to still have eyes and ears around pack territory despite not being physically there.+

Gamma Marisa was working together with Doctor Enzo on a secret project that Alpha Landon and Luna Olwen had assigned to them both. With the dirty tactics that some of their enemies were employing these days, they needed to test a failsafe.+

Throughout all this, Olwen knew that her mate was still on his way to the site where he would face the Alpha of the once great Silver Arrow Pack - whoever it was. And as she went to bed with Landon's scent still faintly on the sheets and pillows, all she could do was pray to the Moon Goddess that he would be alright.+

As Luna Olwen was finishing up one night, a soft knock resonated from her office door.+

"Come in." She said, shutting down her computer.+

To her curiosity, it was Kayden who stepped into the room.+

"Luna Olwen."+

He bowed in respect, and she stood up and acknowledged him with a dip of her head.+

"Mr Anderson. What can I do for you?"+

"I know that I am no longer Beta, and neither am I an official member of the Moon River Pack yet, but I hope that I can be allowed to accompany the pack warriors in training and patrols." Kayden spoke.1

Luna Olwen considered this briefly before nodding.+

"I shall consider it, perhaps with supervision."+

"And..." Kayden hesitated, waiting for Olwen to look back up at him again before going on.+

"I'd like to formally apologise to you as well...for everything that happened at the Silver Arrow Pack."+

Olwen nodded, acknowledging this with a calm smile.+

"Thank you, but I've come to terms with my initial exile by now. It may have hurt me at first, but without it I may never have come to the Moon River Pack or met Alpha Landon again. I am only relieved and thankful that you risked your life to come here and warn us of Aaron and Bradley's plan."+

She paused.+

"Have you heard anything of who replaced you in the Silver Arrow Pack? The Beta is supposed to go with the Alpha to the challenge site."+

Kayden frowned as he thought things over, before shaking his head.+

"No. The Silver Arrow Pack has not made any official announcements since the function, not even the deaths of Jace and Edric. But given the transference of the Alpha title requires approval from the Beta as well, I can only guess it would be someone who would not dare to disagree with the Alpha."+

"...And what of Aaron?"+

"The last I remember is that while Bradley would go to fight Alpha Landon, that Aaron was to stay behind in the Silver Arrow Pack and select a Luna."+

"...I see."+

A moment of silence passed before Olwen sighed heavily and got up. She felt almost pity for her former mate, considering the state that his pack was now in.+

"Hopefully the next Luna is someone more restrained than Kylie. He should have learnt his lesson by now in that regard."+

She bid Kayden goodnight before they both left her office.+

......+

Arriving at the plains where the challenge was to take place, Alpha Landon and Beta Elijah both dismounted the car, heading towards the main site.+

A/N: a.k.a me just trying to write convincing fight scenes+

......+

Bastian growled lowly and lunged at Lark, claws aiming for the latter's throat. Raising himself on his back legs, Lark blocked and pushed him off, before both wolves tumbled onto the grass in a flurry.+

Lark ducked down and immediately dug his teeth into Bastian's fur, drawing blood as the other Alpha roared in pain and shook him off with much effort. The sand coloured wolf stumbled back, seeing a gash open up on Bastian's side, the blood trickling onto the ground.+

Bastian drew back his lips in an angry snarl, the gash nevertheless gradually beginning to heal thanks to his Alpha blood.+

He pounced at Lark again, who swerved out of the way and went for Bastian's throat this time. He hissed as his opponent's claws fastened into his back, but suppressed the pain as he fastened his jaws deeper. Lark tried hard to get a good grip, but Bastian was heavier than him. Using his weight, the grey wolf instead sank his claws in deeper and shoved Lark off him, pinning the sandy shape down.+

Lark struggled, clenching his jaws as another bolt of pain shot through him, Bastian having ripped the fur from a section of his flank.+

The grey wolf leaned down, his eyes shifting to Bradley's for a heartbeat. Landon could see what he was thinking.+

Pathetic. I expected more from you, Alpha.+

Keep going! Landon urged his wolf, channeling both their strength into their lower body. We have to win this!+

Lark's golden eyes flared before he fastened his claws into Bastian's legs, trying his best to struggle free from the other's hold.2

......+

"Hello...Opal."+

To Opal and Olwen's disbelief, Ares shifted back into Aaron, who gazed at the silvery grey wolf with disturbing, intense reverence. He took a step forward, and Opal took a few steps back, the blood pounding in her ears.+

"You must be wondering why I'm not in the Silver Arrow Pack." Aaron spoke, his eyes fixated on Opal's blue ones. "Well...as you've heard I banished Kylie after what she did at the function. You didn't deserve that."+

He took another step towards Opal, his expression not exactly menacing but no less unsettling.+

"My father is fighting with Alpha Landon right now. He told me to find a capable Luna from what remains of the Silver Arrow Pack...but I figured..."+

He knelt down in front of Opal, reaching out to stroke the wolf's fur.+

"...Why would I need to pick out a new Luna...when the perfect one was in front of me all along?"3

When they were still mates, Opal loved Aaron's touch. But now, it sent a chill through both her and Olwen - they could sense his intentions. The wolf growled and snapped at him, causing the man to draw his hand back.+

"The Moon River Pack seems to be experiencing some...difficulties." Aaron spoke gently, nodding to the clusters of fighting wolves. "You don't have to be here for them...come back with me to the Silver Arrow Pack and take your rightful place as my Luna, Olwen."+

"She is not doing shit with you!"+

Stela burst out from the trees in all her fury, shifting back into Starr and attacking Aaron. Though initially taken by surprise, Aaron growled and changed back into his wolf form, struggling with Starr before managing to throw her aside. The black furred wolf was tossed against a tree trunk and collapsed onto the ground in pain, injuries from her earlier fights still trying to heal.+

Korson had torn across the forest floor the moment he saw Starr pounce at Aaron, and now the sight of her fighting to stand up and wincing slightly made his blood boil with anger.+

He went straight for his former Alpha, both wolves tussling into the river nearby. They thrashed around in the water; righting herself, Starr tried to rush to her father's aid but was dragged back into the main fray by another rogue.+

Eventually, Aaron in Ares's body managed to pin Korson down in the water by his throat, threatening to drown the wolf. Korson let out a few howls as he fought to keep his snout above water, Aaron snapping his jaws and holding him in place.+

Upon witnessing this, Opal made a mad dash for the river, using her momentum to fasten her jaws in Ares's body and pull him off his former Beta.+

Ares pulled back with a shocked yelp, staring at Opal with a desperate expression before he shifted back into Aaron.+

"Olwen, I know you're in there." He pleaded with her. "I fucked up by cheating on you with Kylie and having you kicked out of the Silver Arrow Pack. I won't go back until you return with me."+

Kayden, having changed back as well, was gasping for breath behind them both, and even he was climbing out of the river with a most incredulous look on his face upon hearing what Aaron had said.+

Opal briefly allowed Olwen to take over, heading behind the nearest tree to fasten a cloak over her body. She nodded to Kayden, who hesitated briefly before shifting back into Korson, following her silent order and heading back into the main fight.+

"Aaron." Olwen spoke, seeing how Aaron's eyes lit up at the sight of her human form. "What did you do to Ares?"+

"We disagreed. He wanted me to choose someone else other than you, so I persuaded my father into letting me handle another substance, one he had reserved only as a last resort." Aaron spoke, stalking towards Olwen. The wild and desperate look in his eyes made her step back once more. "It gives me complete control over Ares's body, including enhanced speed and strength."+

The temporary ex Alpha had the gall to chuckle, perhaps in an attempt to soothe Luna Olwen but unsuccessfully so.+

"My father is still convinced an omega won't make a good Luna...but you've proven him wrong, haven't you?"+

"Aaron, do you even hear yourself?" Olwen asked him in disbelief. "Even putting aside the fact that you silenced your wolf to such an extent, you came all the way here to ask me to come back to you? I told you, I am the Luna of the Moon River Pack now, and Alpha Landon's mate. I no longer have a place in the Silver Arrow Pack."+

Aaron's green eyes flashed.+

"Don't say that!" He insisted, almost pleading. "You were my fated mate before all this happened. The Silver Arrow Pack was where you grew up, and it needs you!"+

"Not me." Olwen shook her head. "It needs another Luna."+

"I don't want another Luna, I want you, Olwen." Aaron growled possessively, moving closer to her. "Come home with me."+

He reached for her, only for Olwen to sigh as she drew back. She knew that the both of them were not evenly matched, especially with whatever it was that Aaron had consumed. But she knew to stay true to her convictions.+

"...I am home."+

......+

Neither of them were heading for a surrender.+

Alpha Landon could not allow himself to give up this chance, no matter how much Lark's muscles screamed with exhaustion and how much fresh wounds were opening in his wolf's fur, faster than they could close up.+

Having been among those instructed to head to the underground shelters, Gamma Marisa, Elise, Jessie some of the other omegas nevertheless rose to the challenge as a small handful of rogues began to sneak past into Moon River Pack borders.+

Elise and Gamma Marisa had opted to stay above ground, assisting Doctor Enzo in bringing him pack warriors that required urgent medical attention. Elise had been on one of her runs, zipping in and out of the masses of wolves when she was pounced upon by a rogue. Rather than attack her however, the rogue dragged her behind a large rock, shifting back and leering at her.+

"What a pretty and sweet smelling omega...I might spare you and make you my pet..."+

The rogue chuckled and ran a hand through her fur, prompting Ember to snarl and bite his fingers. His face turned ugly quickly after that and he shifted and lunged - not getting very far before a dark shape rammed into his side and practically bashed him against the side of the large rock.+

The man emitted a cry of pain as both he and Doctor Enzo shifted back, the latter staring him down murderously.+

"Stay the fuck away from my mate."2

This would be the one and only time Doctor Enzo was seen in the field, before he shifted back into Eston, lightly nuzzling Ember and helping her up before they helped another injured warrior back to his first aid site.+

Jessie had ended up near the South Gate with Delta Lincoln, using what fighting skills she did know to injure and maim as many rogues as possible, being flanked by a few warriors now and then.+

A few other omegas stationed themselves around the inner areas of the pack territory, using injections of wolfs and that Gamma Marisa had given them for self defense to finish off any rogues that managed to make it in.+

And then there was Luna Olwen, who had by now shifted into Opal again. A good distance from the Moon River Pack - with Aaron still forgotten and unconscious up against a nearby tree - she and Kiara circled each other. And then Kiara made the first move and leapt for the smaller wolf.+

With Olwen recalling the training that she had been put through by Delta Cassidy, Opal swiftly rolled aside, Kiara landing on the forest floor with a hiss of irritation. Opal did not give the rust coloured wolf any time to recover before she pounced onto Kiara's back, hooking her claws into the wolf's flank and sinking them in deep. Kiara howled angrily, shaking from side to side in an attempt to shake Opal off her. The silvery grey wolf held on for dear life, only pushing her claws in tighter. Remembering Cassidy's advice, she attempted to get a grip on Kiara's throat, managing a loose bite before the other wolf tossed her off.+

Kiara huffed and shook out her coat, clearly channeling Kylie's frustration. She'd expected defeating Olwen to be easier than this, so the fact that Opal was still standing now was already a setback to Kylie's plan. She'd wanted to show some mercy to the omega, but it looked as if she didn't need to.+

Opal righted herself quickly, going for another lunge at Kiara. The rust coloured wolf met her attack, her jaws immediately heading for Opal's throat. Sensing it coming, the silvery grey she wolf ducked her head out of the way, clamping down onto one of Kiara's legs instead.+

Kylie had been one of the Silver Arrow Pack's most skilled warriors for a reason. She was strong and knew exactly how and where to strike. But if it were even possible, Olwen - an omega whom hadn't really known how to fight until a few years ago - was actually matching her. She managed to either block or avoid Kiara's more fatal strikes, and counter with attacks on her own. While Opal's inflicted injuries were not as severe, Kylie knew that if this kept going, that Olwen could gradually wear her down.+

And yet despite now attempting to focus on blocking and dodging Opal, this proved surprisingly challenging for Kiara and Kylie as well. She'd witnessed how Olwen trained under Beta Kayden in the Silver Arrow Pack, and the omega had not been this fast, both in evading and attacking. Kylie found herself shockingly wide open for many of the Luna's attacks, ranging from scratches down the side of Kiara's head and tufts of her rust coloured fur falling off, to deep gashes of blood that began to rapidly appear all over the wolf's body.+

It was safe to say that Kylie had barely, if ever, been evenly matched by another she-wolf she met in battle. There were of course a handful of exceptions, but until now she'd found the prospect of Olwen being one of them laughable. She was supposed to be delicate, frail and weak, to crumble at the slightest push. But with each wound scratched and dug into her wolf's flank, legs and neck, Kiara was doing her absolute best to keep up their speed and ferocity while holding off the pain that was beginning to seep into her body.+

Opal had wounds as well but was still going at her strong, making Kylie panic as she imagined the humiliation she would once again endure by losing to the omega. Not just in front of the Moon River Pack - which included some of her former pack mates - but the rogues that she had managed to sway to her side by mating with their leader.+

Kylie directed Kiara's attention briefly to the hollow of a nearby tree as they wrestled with Opal, trying to get a good grip into her fur with their claws. It was time for Plan B.+

......+

Determination, hatred and adrenaline raged through Opal's body as she attacked Kiara again and again, yowls and hisses of pain coming from the other she-wolf as parts of her fur was ripped off, and blood began to well up from all her scars and gashes.+

She was determined to put an end to the schemes of Kylie Paxton today, no matter how ruthless she had to be.+

Kiara was doing her best to retaliate, but despite Opal's body being covered in injuries as well, the silver grey wolf looked to be holding in her own pain impressively in comparison. It helped that the forest reminded her of Alpha Landon with the smell of the trees - still persistent with the emerging scent of blood.+

And then Kiara shoved Opal back and rapidly changed back into Kylie, who took advantage of Opal's surprise to quickly retrieve something from behind her and jab it painfully into the wolf's neck.+

......+

Kylie watched as Opal tensed up, her blue eyes wide as the severe dose of wolfsbane entered her veins. The silver grey wolf tried to keep herself up, only for her limbs to give way quickly and cause her to drop to the floor.+

Howling and whining in pain, Opal began to shift back into Olwen, who curled herself into a terrified ball.+

"Hm."+

Kiara shifted back into Kylie, who bent down and put herself rather condescendingly at eye level with her now timid and shaking rival.+

"You...used wolfsbane." Olwen realised, staring at her fearfully. The sight of the Luna being like this, being cut off from her wolf, shrinking in on herself and terrified brought Kylie a rather sadistic burst of joy. When she'd been caught trying to inject her with it at the function, Olwen must have thought she had escaped Kylie's clutches, only to fall for the same trap now.+

"I didn't want to have to use it, but you gave me no choice." Instead of changing back into Kiara, Kylie pinned the whimpering Luna down and began to throw punches at her. Olwen held up her hands to block them off, but her attempts were flimsy. One of Kylie's blows split open the Luna's infuriatingly soft lip, blood trickling down her chin.+

Kylie was angrily screaming as she rammed her fists down onto Olwen again and again.+

"You never deserved to be Luna! You never deserved to be mated to an Alpha! Those things should be mine, because I'm stronger than you! I've always been stronger than you!"+

She could hear the distant cries of some of the wolves as they saw their precious Luna being pummelled, but no one, not even Stela or Kayden, came to Olwen's rescue. Perhaps they finally recognised the truth - Luna Olwen was too pathetic to lead the Moon River Pack.1

Bradley Young of the Silver Arrow Pack was found guilty of multiple charges, among them the unlawful possession of illegal substances, first degree murder of multiple pack members, and the mishandling of his authority as an Alpha.+

Alpha King Scott's face had been solemn as the charges against the man were brought before him, and it only darkened further when Alpha Landon and Luna Olwen summoned Mrs Priscilla Walker to the witness stand.+

There were murmurings of shock and recognition through the small amount of onlookers as Priscilla entered the courtroom, Felix and Tonia by her side, with Tristan behind them and also holding them protectively. Bradley, still handcuffed with silver, gaped at the two children as if he were looking at phantoms; he hadn't expected his past to catch up with him, at least not within his lifetime. Anyone who looked between the two children and the older man could tell they were related.+

Though Priscilla hadn't seen her ex lover in years since he chased her from the pack grounds, she was oddly calm and put together, and repeated her testimony confidently to the royal couple and the council. A prior DNA test confirmed that Felix and Tonia were Bradley's children.+

After hesitance from the accused's side to admit the truth, it was time for the final resort. Once Alpha King Scott used his Alpha command on Bradley, everything spilled out. The unreasonable exile of Olwen was only the tip of the iceberg now. Also to consider were his now confirmed use of drugs to hide his affair with Priscilla from Luna Tess, the unlawful murders of Delta Jace and Gamma Edric, and finally the attempted murder of then Beta Kayden. Not to mention the other instances he had abused his position as Alpha and then father of the Alpha to hide the truth and get his way.+

In front of the court, Bradley was executed with a lethal silver injection - a very similar way as to how Kylie had died. His wolf briefly took over and let out a soft howl before his body fell limp; it was not a howl of sadness or anger, but relief and freedom. Bastian could finally return to the Moon Goddess and be with Luna Tess and her wolf.4

Speaking of Kylie, after her living relatives failed to claim her body, she was buried with all the other rogues. Olwen was not charged for her murder; she had been an exiled rogue of the Silver Arrow Pack at the time of her death, and some of Olwen's pack members had witnessed Kylie challenge her for the position of Luna and essentially force Olwen's hand.+

Aaron, who had abused two of the illegal substances, conspired with his father multiple times, indirectly caused the death of Jace and Edric and then attempted to force his mark on Luna Olwen, was nowhere to be found in the Wilds. His scent had all but faded, leaving his trail cold, and there was a warrant out for his arrest.1

What remained of the once mighty Silver Arrow Pack could not survive on its own, and as such, the decision was made to make the pack a subsidiary of the Moon River Pack. This in turn led to the slow and steady construction of a bridge between the two packs, allowing for easier travel.1

Once they were of age however, the right to lead the Pack would fall to Felix and Tonia, if they decided to accept. Though reluctant, Priscilla agreed that it was better to let her children decide if they wanted to inherit the leadership of their biological father's pack eventually.+

The moment the trial was completed, Landon and Olwen were approached by Alpha King Scott and Luna Queen Isla, whom they bowed to respectfully.+

"Thank you for bringing these matters to our attention, Alpha and Luna Cartwright." The King spoke in his gravelly voice. "It appears we will have to take a closer look at the movements of blacklisted substances among official pack leaders."2

"You're welcome...but we were just doing what was best for the Evergreen Wilds packs." Landon responded modestly.+

"Well, you and Luna Olwen still have the official ceremony where both of you and the Moon River Pack will be sworn in as the new representatives." Luna Queen Isla said warmly. "We're looking forward to it. Congratulations on winning the challenge fairly, by the way."+

"Thank you." Landon bowed deeply, with Olwen curtseying as well before the couple headed away.+

"That went smoothly." Olwen remarked softly, as they headed out of the building and into the fall air. The trees above were reddish and orange brown, with plenty of leaves already forming piles on the ground. The Crystal Shine Pack, practically a country of its own compared to regular packs, was the pack of the Alpha King and Luna Queen for a reason.+

Landon nodded.+

"...It took some convincing for Priscilla to bring her family here to testify, which is understandable since she hasn't been treated the best by pack wolves, but it was worth it."+

Tristan and Priscilla would bring Felix and Tonia back to Applewin once the appointment ceremony was over, and Olwen noted in her calendar to visit them once every so often.+

"Don't mind me asking but..." Her mate paused. "...How do you...feel regarding Bradley's execution? He was your Alpha, and he was going to be your father in law for a few years..."+

Olwen hesitated, trying to grasp at something before shaking her head.+

"...Nothing, honestly. I thought he cared for me back then, but in reality he always looked down on me because of my omega status. And after finding out he cheated on Luna Tess and killed Jace and Edric...I just saw him as a monster."+

Olwen had managed to do some proper mourning for the deceased Delta and Gamma. Kayden had informed Landon and her of their deaths before the Challenge, but she had so many other priorities that the full gravity of their deaths didn't hit her until after Alpha Landon had returned back alive.+

Gamma Edric's family, who had moved to the Fire Claw Pack, had been informed of his death. They were devastated - it was Edric who had convinced them to leave without him going along, fearing that then Alpha Aaron and Luna Kylie would go after his relatives because of it. But they were also grateful to Landon and Olwen for avenging the former Gamma, and received permission to have him buried in the Fire Claw Pack.2

"Okay, but..if you ever need to talk about it I'm here."+

Olwen melted as Opal purred. Landon was really quite the mate.+

"Now let's go...we have a ceremony to prepare for." The Alpha murmured, squeezing her hip.+

.....+

A few months later+

After the Moon River Pack was officially named the new representative pack of the Evergreen Wilds, things had become slightly busier for everyone but for different reasons. For some like Alpha Landon and Luna Olwen, it meant more work, more events that the representative pack leaders would have to attend, etc. But for others like Elise, it was a matter of self development. The she-wolf was now happily sporting Doctor Enzo's mark and was in the midst of conceiving a new fashion line to debut her up and coming boutique with. Some of the leaders had asked about where Olwen and Stela's dresses had come from during the function, and they both had been quick to credit the young woman who had been then working as catering staff for the event- before she took the wolfsbane to save her Luna.3

Thanks to some commissions Elise had received, she had enough support and a solid foundation to start her own business. Her parents were still attempting now and then to reconcile in some way with her, weaving some sob stories about her being ungrateful for everything they had put into raising her and how the whole thing about sending her to other packs to be mated to their Alphas or Betas was only meant to be motivation. Fortunately, Doctor Enzo - or Gamma Josh or Cael - were there to intervene if Elise didn't turn them away herself. Luna Olwen hadn't received a formal complaint from Elise yet, but she saw a restraining order on the horizon.1

A/N: This song popped up in my Spotify a few weeks ago by pure coincidence and since its song title is so apropos I decided to include it here :)+

......+

Landon had immediately choked on the chamomile tea he was drinking and rushed to the pack hospital the moment he received a mind-link from Luna Olwen that she was in labour.+

Despite his heart pounding and Lark howling worriedly as his mate screamed giving birth for the first time, Landon stayed in the delivery room, clasping Olwen's hand the entire way until a cry pierced the air.+

Moments later, Luna Olwen clutched her wailing son in her arms, soothing him with a loving smile and tears of joy in her arms.+

"Hello there...little Percy Cartwright." She whispered softly, her and Landon having decided on a name once the gender of the baby had been identified.+

As the couple took turns to cradle and coo over their newborn son, their friends and family slowly came into the room once Doctor Enzo gave them the okay.+

"He's beautiful!" Stela gushed, placing a hand on Olwen's shoulder as she gazed down at infant Percy with wonder. "He has Alpha Landon's hair and your eyes..."+

"We have a grandson." Holly clasped her husband's arm, both with tearful smiles on their faces. "Landon and Olwen made something lovely indeed."+

Percy had quieted down slightly by now in his mother's embrace, Olwen gently cradling him as he cooed and reached out his little hands as much as he could to his mother.+

Sylvie and Kayden couldn't help smiling at the young boy themselves, Elijah standing next to Stela, and Joshua and Cael next to Landon.+

Kayden was adjusting to his new lifestyle well, and his relationship with his family had slowly improved over the months. His initiation ceremony had occured a few days ago - he'd had a minor charge against him for assisting Bradley, but it was made into community service for his new pack. He didn't mind however, willingly accepting the consequences that came with what he had done.+

By now, Olwen's inner circle all knew of the visit that the Moon Goddess had paid to her in her dream. Stela had in turn revealed that Selene had come to her as well, informing her that Olwen was in the Moon River Pack and confirming that as the true reason as to why she and her mother and brother drove halfway across the Wilds to find them. Stela was surprised to learn of the Moon Goddess's test, but she was happy that Olwen would have been blessed by it either way.+

"You deserve all the happiness in the world." Stela said with a warm smile, gently wrapping a hand around Olwen's shoulders in an embrace. "You and Alpha Landon will change the Evergreen Wilds for the better, I know it."+

"I wouldn't have been able to accomplish this without you." Luna Olwen replied.+

Stela shrugged.+

"I was just staying by a friend." She said modestly.2

Landon softly inhaled Olwen's scent, a feeling of peace and happiness washing over him. Looking up at her mate as he held her, Olwen knew she felt the same way.+

.....+

The story of Silver Arrow Pack, from its very inception as the strongest pack in the Evergreen Wilds, to its downfall at the hands of corrupt leaders has spread through the region.+

The Moon Goddess, witnessing what the Silver Arrow Pack had slowly changed into over the decades, tested Alpha Bradley and his son Aaron by fating the son to an omega, Olwen. An omega that they perceived as weak and fragile, but nevertheless, had a good heart and a strong will.+

But the Alpha and his son both failed the test. Believing his mate was too delicate to become the Luna of the Silver Arrow Pack, Aaron willingly gave in to the wiles of another she-wolf, and Alpha Bradley protected the couple by forcing Olwen to eject herself from the pack.+

Blessed by the Moon Goddess, the omega wandered the Wilds alone before meeting with Alpha Landon of the Moon River Pack. Unlike Aaron, Landon accepted and was loyal to her for who she was, and he became her new fated mate.1

Over time, the already strong Moon River Pack flourished further with her influence, even more so after she became Luna. And the Moon Goddess didn't just bless her, her new mate and her new pack, they blessed those from her old pack who chose to ally with her. For one, her best friend, despite being up to become the Silver Arrow Pack's next Beta, left her home behind with her mother and brother to find Olwen, and eventually found her mate in the Moon River Pack.+

And as for the Silver Arrow Pack? Their new Luna was physically strong, but a cruel, selfish woman who threatened others with force the moment she didn't get to her way. With her leadership, what was once a great pack began to splinter, with many wolves choosing to desert the Alpha and Luna and begin their own lives in other parts of the wilds. For the sake of themselves and the future of the Evergreen Wilds, Alpha Landon faced Bradley in a challenge and won.+

In the meantime, Aaron grew tired of his new mate and rejected her too, and after foolishly attempting to take over the Moon River Pack, she was slain by Luna Olwen. And after trying forcibly to win his former fated back, Aaron's wolf, already angry towards his human for giving her up in the first place, abandoned him. He now resides alone outside of the Wilds, knowing that his ex mate is now happy with a new family of her own.4

Let this tale remain a lesson, that loyalty to the right wolf is what truly brings strength.2

FIN24

Hi everybody, thanks for reading Destiny's Tethers!+

I wasn't expecting this story to get the amount of views it has since I haven't posted a story here in a while, but I'm glad so many people seem to like it! +

Nevertheless I was itching to try my hand at a werewolf story so here we are, and here are some legitimate behind the scenes stuff:+

Kylie Paxton's original name was at some point Calie Blackthorne. I changed her first name because Cael was already another character and I didn't want their names to be confused, and her last name was changed because it was too on the nose.1

Stela and Cael's names are references to a particular game - any guesses?+

I did consider bringing back Rianne for a bit, but decided against it in the end as it wouldn't make sense.1

I deliberated over which angle to take with Elise for a while, before I decided she would have the little redemption arc that she underwent in the second part of the story.2

I was half expecting some people to feel bad for Kayden in Chapter 8, so imagine my amusement that people just commented on that one specific part to roast him xD+

During the segment where Aaron was supposed to choose a new Luna, I was originally going to mention another character named Eva, whom Aaron was considering choosing just because she looked very close to Olwen. In the end I thought this was unnecessary and just cut her out since I have way too many characters as it is.1

I will say now...this isn't the last time we'll see Ares. It might take a while, but I have an idea as to how he can come back heheh6

Also, I will eventually follow through on expanding into other stories. +

While I think for now that Olwen and Landon's stories are done (aside from whether I mention them again in The Tethered Chronicles), the other stories will take place in the same universe but with different locations or characters.+

Here's the next few ones I'm focusing on (not all of them are on my page yet, so stay tuned):+

The Tethered Chronicles+


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

I've mentioned this one before, and it will cover a few side bits with certain characters that weren't seen in the main story. I'm wondering if I should write the next chapter on Elijah and Stela again or jump back and forth between different characters...1

Orion's Refound+


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

This was supposed to be part of the Tethered Chronicles, but honestly after some thinking, I felt that it had enough material to be treated as a spin off ministory. The other rejected mate in the Moon Goddess' experiment needs some love after all :32

Working Sypnosis: Oliver takes a trip to the distant human town of Brightwood Haven after the events of Destiny's Tethers, still reeling from Kylie's rejection and then death. Getting into another situation is the last thing on his mind, but fate drags him into one anyway after a night with a human woman.2

Update: I just posted this one!+

Apple Martini+


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                            3

I'd say that coming off of Destiny's Tethers, the basis of this story is a bit more similar to what I've seen of a werewolf story, but I'll see what I can do xD+

This takes place around the same time or after Destiny's Tethers, but in a part of Europe rather than America.+

Working Sypnosis: Ethel Carpentier, the eldest daughter of the Alpha of the Wild Blossom Pack. Wolfless and born with a one milky eye, she has been made subservient to her younger sister Liana since her childhood, to the point where she is shown no respect by her sister, father and the rest of the pack.+

Regan Griffiths, the Alpha of the Black Sun Pack. With the region threatened by an enemy Alpha, he visits the Wild Blossom Pack to fulfill an agreement - protection in exchange for Liana as his chosen mate and Luna. At least, that was the plan.3

Bradley Young of the Silver Arrow Pack was found guilty of multiple charges, among them the unlawful possession of illegal substances, first degree murder of multiple pack members, and the mishandling of his authority as an Alpha.+

Alpha King Scott's face had been solemn as the charges against the man were brought before him, and it only darkened further when Alpha Landon and Luna Olwen summoned Mrs Priscilla Walker to the witness stand.+

There were murmurings of shock and recognition through the small amount of onlookers as Priscilla entered the courtroom, Felix and Tonia by her side, with Tristan behind them and also holding them protectively. Bradley, still handcuffed with silver, gaped at the two children as if he were looking at phantoms; he hadn't expected his past to catch up with him, at least not within his lifetime. Anyone who looked between the two children and the older man could tell they were related.+

Though Priscilla hadn't seen her ex lover in years since he chased her from the pack grounds, she was oddly calm and put together, and repeated her testimony confidently to the royal couple and the council. A prior DNA test confirmed that Felix and Tonia were Bradley's children.+

After hesitance from the accused's side to admit the truth, it was time for the final resort. Once Alpha King Scott used his Alpha command on Bradley, everything spilled out. The unreasonable exile of Olwen was only the tip of the iceberg now. Also to consider were his now confirmed use of drugs to hide his affair with Priscilla from Luna Tess, the unlawful murders of Delta Jace and Gamma Edric, and finally the attempted murder of then Beta Kayden. Not to mention the other instances he had abused his position as Alpha and then father of the Alpha to hide the truth and get his way.+

In front of the court, Bradley was executed with a lethal silver injection - a very similar way as to how Kylie had died. His wolf briefly took over and let out a soft howl before his body fell limp; it was not a howl of sadness or anger, but relief and freedom. Bastian could finally return to the Moon Goddess and be with Luna Tess and her wolf.4

Speaking of Kylie, after her living relatives failed to claim her body, she was buried with all the other rogues. Olwen was not charged for her murder; she had been an exiled rogue of the Silver Arrow Pack at the time of her death, and some of Olwen's pack members had witnessed Kylie challenge her for the position of Luna and essentially force Olwen's hand.+

Aaron, who had abused two of the illegal substances, conspired with his father multiple times, indirectly caused the death of Jace and Edric and then attempted to force his mark on Luna Olwen, was nowhere to be found in the Wilds. His scent had all but faded, leaving his trail cold, and there was a warrant out for his arrest.1

What remained of the once mighty Silver Arrow Pack could not survive on its own, and as such, the decision was made to make the pack a subsidiary of the Moon River Pack. This in turn led to the slow and steady construction of a bridge between the two packs, allowing for easier travel.1

Once they were of age however, the right to lead the Pack would fall to Felix and Tonia, if they decided to accept. Though reluctant, Priscilla agreed that it was better to let her children decide if they wanted to inherit the leadership of their biological father's pack eventually.+

The moment the trial was completed, Landon and Olwen were approached by Alpha King Scott and Luna Queen Isla, whom they bowed to respectfully.+

"Thank you for bringing these matters to our attention, Alpha and Luna Cartwright." The King spoke in his gravelly voice. "It appears we will have to take a closer look at the movements of blacklisted substances among official pack leaders."2

"You're welcome...but we were just doing what was best for the Evergreen Wilds packs." Landon responded modestly.+

"Well, you and Luna Olwen still have the official ceremony where both of you and the Moon River Pack will be sworn in as the new representatives." Luna Queen Isla said warmly. "We're looking forward to it. Congratulations on winning the challenge fairly, by the way."+

"Thank you." Landon bowed deeply, with Olwen curtseying as well before the couple headed away.+

"That went smoothly." Olwen remarked softly, as they headed out of the building and into the fall air. The trees above were reddish and orange brown, with plenty of leaves already forming piles on the ground. The Crystal Shine Pack, practically a country of its own compared to regular packs, was the pack of the Alpha King and Luna Queen for a reason.+

Landon nodded.+

"...It took some convincing for Priscilla to bring her family here to testify, which is understandable since she hasn't been treated the best by pack wolves, but it was worth it."+

Tristan and Priscilla would bring Felix and Tonia back to Applewin once the appointment ceremony was over, and Olwen noted in her calendar to visit them once every so often.+

"Don't mind me asking but..." Her mate paused. "...How do you...feel regarding Bradley's execution? He was your Alpha, and he was going to be your father in law for a few years..."+

Olwen hesitated, trying to grasp at something before shaking her head.+

"...Nothing, honestly. I thought he cared for me back then, but in reality he always looked down on me because of my omega status. And after finding out he cheated on Luna Tess and killed Jace and Edric...I just saw him as a monster."+

Olwen had managed to do some proper mourning for the deceased Delta and Gamma. Kayden had informed Landon and her of their deaths before the Challenge, but she had so many other priorities that the full gravity of their deaths didn't hit her until after Alpha Landon had returned back alive.+

Gamma Edric's family, who had moved to the Fire Claw Pack, had been informed of his death. They were devastated - it was Edric who had convinced them to leave without him going along, fearing that then Alpha Aaron and Luna Kylie would go after his relatives because of it. But they were also grateful to Landon and Olwen for avenging the former Gamma, and received permission to have him buried in the Fire Claw Pack.2

"Okay, but..if you ever need to talk about it I'm here."+

Olwen melted as Opal purred. Landon was really quite the mate.+

"Now let's go...we have a ceremony to prepare for." The Alpha murmured, squeezing her hip.+

.....+

A few months later+

After the Moon River Pack was officially named the new representative pack of the Evergreen Wilds, things had become slightly busier for everyone but for different reasons. For some like Alpha Landon and Luna Olwen, it meant more work, more events that the representative pack leaders would have to attend, etc. But for others like Elise, it was a matter of self development. The she-wolf was now happily sporting Doctor Enzo's mark and was in the midst of conceiving a new fashion line to debut her up and coming boutique with. Some of the leaders had asked about where Olwen and Stela's dresses had come from during the function, and they both had been quick to credit the young woman who had been then working as catering staff for the event- before she took the wolfsbane to save her Luna.3

Thanks to some commissions Elise had received, she had enough support and a solid foundation to start her own business. Her parents were still attempting now and then to reconcile in some way with her, weaving some sob stories about her being ungrateful for everything they had put into raising her and how the whole thing about sending her to other packs to be mated to their Alphas or Betas was only meant to be motivation. Fortunately, Doctor Enzo - or Gamma Josh or Cael - were there to intervene if Elise didn't turn them away herself. Luna Olwen hadn't received a formal complaint from Elise yet, but she saw a restraining order on the horizon.1

A/N: This song popped up in my Spotify a few weeks ago by pure coincidence and since its song title is so apropos I decided to include it here :)+

......+

Landon had immediately choked on the chamomile tea he was drinking and rushed to the pack hospital the moment he received a mind-link from Luna Olwen that she was in labour.+

Despite his heart pounding and Lark howling worriedly as his mate screamed giving birth for the first time, Landon stayed in the delivery room, clasping Olwen's hand the entire way until a cry pierced the air.+

Moments later, Luna Olwen clutched her wailing son in her arms, soothing him with a loving smile and tears of joy in her arms.+

"Hello there...little Percy Cartwright." She whispered softly, her and Landon having decided on a name once the gender of the baby had been identified.+

As the couple took turns to cradle and coo over their newborn son, their friends and family slowly came into the room once Doctor Enzo gave them the okay.+

"He's beautiful!" Stela gushed, placing a hand on Olwen's shoulder as she gazed down at infant Percy with wonder. "He has Alpha Landon's hair and your eyes..."+

"We have a grandson." Holly clasped her husband's arm, both with tearful smiles on their faces. "Landon and Olwen made something lovely indeed."+

Percy had quieted down slightly by now in his mother's embrace, Olwen gently cradling him as he cooed and reached out his little hands as much as he could to his mother.+

Sylvie and Kayden couldn't help smiling at the young boy themselves, Elijah standing next to Stela, and Joshua and Cael next to Landon.+

Kayden was adjusting to his new lifestyle well, and his relationship with his family had slowly improved over the months. His initiation ceremony had occured a few days ago - he'd had a minor charge against him for assisting Bradley, but it was made into community service for his new pack. He didn't mind however, willingly accepting the consequences that came with what he had done.+

By now, Olwen's inner circle all knew of the visit that the Moon Goddess had paid to her in her dream. Stela had in turn revealed that Selene had come to her as well, informing her that Olwen was in the Moon River Pack and confirming that as the true reason as to why she and her mother and brother drove halfway across the Wilds to find them. Stela was surprised to learn of the Moon Goddess's test, but she was happy that Olwen would have been blessed by it either way.+

"You deserve all the happiness in the world." Stela said with a warm smile, gently wrapping a hand around Olwen's shoulders in an embrace. "You and Alpha Landon will change the Evergreen Wilds for the better, I know it."+

"I wouldn't have been able to accomplish this without you." Luna Olwen replied.+

Stela shrugged.+

"I was just staying by a friend." She said modestly.2

Landon softly inhaled Olwen's scent, a feeling of peace and happiness washing over him. Looking up at her mate as he held her, Olwen knew she felt the same way.+

.....+

The story of Silver Arrow Pack, from its very inception as the strongest pack in the Evergreen Wilds, to its downfall at the hands of corrupt leaders has spread through the region.+

The Moon Goddess, witnessing what the Silver Arrow Pack had slowly changed into over the decades, tested Alpha Bradley and his son Aaron by fating the son to an omega, Olwen. An omega that they perceived as weak and fragile, but nevertheless, had a good heart and a strong will.+

But the Alpha and his son both failed the test. Believing his mate was too delicate to become the Luna of the Silver Arrow Pack, Aaron willingly gave in to the wiles of another she-wolf, and Alpha Bradley protected the couple by forcing Olwen to eject herself from the pack.+

Blessed by the Moon Goddess, the omega wandered the Wilds alone before meeting with Alpha Landon of the Moon River Pack. Unlike Aaron, Landon accepted and was loyal to her for who she was, and he became her new fated mate.1

Over time, the already strong Moon River Pack flourished further with her influence, even more so after she became Luna. And the Moon Goddess didn't just bless her, her new mate and her new pack, they blessed those from her old pack who chose to ally with her. For one, her best friend, despite being up to become the Silver Arrow Pack's next Beta, left her home behind with her mother and brother to find Olwen, and eventually found her mate in the Moon River Pack.+

And as for the Silver Arrow Pack? Their new Luna was physically strong, but a cruel, selfish woman who threatened others with force the moment she didn't get to her way. With her leadership, what was once a great pack began to splinter, with many wolves choosing to desert the Alpha and Luna and begin their own lives in other parts of the wilds. For the sake of themselves and the future of the Evergreen Wilds, Alpha Landon faced Bradley in a challenge and won.+

In the meantime, Aaron grew tired of his new mate and rejected her too, and after foolishly attempting to take over the Moon River Pack, she was slain by Luna Olwen. And after trying forcibly to win his former fated back, Aaron's wolf, already angry towards his human for giving her up in the first place, abandoned him. He now resides alone outside of the Wilds, knowing that his ex mate is now happy with a new family of her own.4

Let this tale remain a lesson, that loyalty to the right wolf is what truly brings strength.2

FIN24

Hi everybody, thanks for reading Destiny's Tethers!+

I wasn't expecting this story to get the amount of views it has since I haven't posted a story here in a while, but I'm glad so many people seem to like it! +

Nevertheless I was itching to try my hand at a werewolf story so here we are, and here are some legitimate behind the scenes stuff:+

Kylie Paxton's original name was at some point Calie Blackthorne. I changed her first name because Cael was already another character and I didn't want their names to be confused, and her last name was changed because it was too on the nose.1

Stela and Cael's names are references to a particular game - any guesses?+

I did consider bringing back Rianne for a bit, but decided against it in the end as it wouldn't make sense.1

I deliberated over which angle to take with Elise for a while, before I decided she would have the little redemption arc that she underwent in the second part of the story.2

I was half expecting some people to feel bad for Kayden in Chapter 8, so imagine my amusement that people just commented on that one specific part to roast him xD+

During the segment where Aaron was supposed to choose a new Luna, I was originally going to mention another character named Eva, whom Aaron was considering choosing just because she looked very close to Olwen. In the end I thought this was unnecessary and just cut her out since I have way too many characters as it is.1

I will say now...this isn't the last time we'll see Ares. It might take a while, but I have an idea as to how he can come back heheh6

Also, I will eventually follow through on expanding into other stories. +

While I think for now that Olwen and Landon's stories are done (aside from whether I mention them again in The Tethered Chronicles), the other stories will take place in the same universe but with different locations or characters.+

Here's the next few ones I'm focusing on (not all of them are on my page yet, so stay tuned):+

The Tethered Chronicles+


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

I've mentioned this one before, and it will cover a few side bits with certain characters that weren't seen in the main story. I'm wondering if I should write the next chapter on Elijah and Stela again or jump back and forth between different characters...1

Orion's Refound+


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

This was supposed to be part of the Tethered Chronicles, but honestly after some thinking, I felt that it had enough material to be treated as a spin off ministory. The other rejected mate in the Moon Goddess' experiment needs some love after all :32

Working Sypnosis: Oliver takes a trip to the distant human town of Brightwood Haven after the events of Destiny's Tethers, still reeling from Kylie's rejection and then death. Getting into another situation is the last thing on his mind, but fate drags him into one anyway after a night with a human woman.2

Update: I just posted this one!+

Apple Martini+


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                            3

I'd say that coming off of Destiny's Tethers, the basis of this story is a bit more similar to what I've seen of a werewolf story, but I'll see what I can do xD+

This takes place around the same time or after Destiny's Tethers, but in a part of Europe rather than America.+

Working Sypnosis: Ethel Carpentier, the eldest daughter of the Alpha of the Wild Blossom Pack. Wolfless and born with a one milky eye, she has been made subservient to her younger sister Liana since her childhood, to the point where she is shown no respect by her sister, father and the rest of the pack.+

Regan Griffiths, the Alpha of the Black Sun Pack. With the region threatened by an enemy Alpha, he visits the Wild Blossom Pack to fulfill an agreement - protection in exchange for Liana as his chosen mate and Luna. At least, that was the plan.3





