Here are a few things that you should know about this particular werewolf AU:4

Some of these strictly applies to only my story, as many authors who write werewolf stories have their own take on this genre.+

First off there are 3 significant events that every werewolf goes through:+

1.Acquiring their wolf - this happens at age 10, where the Moon Goddess assigns a wolf to the human. From then on they will be allowed to converse with their wolf, but not shift.2.Shift and present- happens at age 16, where they shift to their wolf for the first time, then they are classified as alpha, beta or omega. They are then tested by the pack doctor to see if they are a carrier.3.Mating ceremony - this happens on the first full moon after their 18th birthday. All the single wolves will go on a run and at the end they will be able to smell their mate, if they are nearby.+

* Now after their first shift, they will be able to take control of their wolf form, and likewise their wolf can take over their human form. This can't usually be forced however, as they both need to consent to the takeovers. They can communicate mentally with their wolf, and block each other out if needed.+

*The pack it led by the Alpha and their mate who is called the Luna (usually female), second in command is the Beta. The Gamma comes in third and is mostly in charge of the warriors. The classification when a werewolf hits 16 (which is mentioned above) is not to be confused with these, for they are titles that are passed down. The classification process is merely a way of seeing which roles you play in the pack. I also have added two other title, which are the Head of the Omegas, and Head of the Betas. They lead their fellow class when needed, under the order of the Alpha.+

*Following what was mentioned above, those that classify as an alpha, are those that take on management roles in the pack. Such as head warrior, who is the right hand man of the Gamma or train as pack warriors. Beta's mostly take up laborer's work, such as the farming and construction. Omega's take care of the housework, along with looking after the pups.+

* Werewolves can also communicate mentally with their pack members and mates.+

* Carriers refer to whether or not the werewolf is able to bear pups. Majority of female werewolves are carriers but their is the occasionalmale.9

*They don't need to take off their clothes to shift, and keep their clothes on when they shift back from their wolf to human form.1

* the Astral Plains is where all the different deities reside. Each deity has their own floating island surrounded by cotton candy colored clouds.+

Now if you have read my other books you would notice that I always put warnings before a spice or smut scene, but this time there will be no warnings. So if you don't like NSFW stuff it's best that you stop here.9

(If you have read majority of my books, you may want to check out the Lore chapter though)3

+

+

This chapter is only for those who have read majority of my books  especially LLHG and JU... , the rest of you who are new be free to skip over to the story's   prologue .5

=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=+

A dark raven shaped shadow flew through the cotton candy colored clouds, passing several floating islands along the way. It headed straight for one of the highest islands that had water pouring out of it, fueling the other other islands bellow.1

This particular island was rather small and only contained a tall cylinder tower that had its center hallowed out. The raven figure flew straight to the top before diving down the center. It passed thousands of light orbs that twinkled around like stars in the night sky. Their light was blinding but this shadow raven was used to it by now.+

Meanwhile at the bottom of the tower was a circular bed surrounded by flowing water, that was coming from several springs that gushed out magically from the tower's inside walls.+

And on this bed sat a woman with medium length wavy hair, colored a rich brown, with her eyes being the same color. This woman wore a beautiful blue dressed and though her face was a pretty one, it was marred with tears.+

In the palm of her right hand was a blue orb of light, and on her left was a green one. The green orb's light flickered in and out till eventually fading away and all that was left was a dull green crystal ball. Soft cries could be heard coming from the blue orb and the woman cried along with it.5

The moment was ruined by an earsplitting sound of chalk scratching against a blackboard. The woman lifted her head to see the shadow raven like figure draw a tally on the left side of the board.+

The raven then flew towards her and shifted into a handsome young man with olive skin and a completely black outfit.+

"I believe that's finally one point for me, GG though!" he said holding out his hand for the woman to shake.+

The woman glared at him with much anger in her eyes, "What have you done?" she yelled.+

"I did what was necessary to win our little game, I have gotten quite tired of losing," the man replied smoothly as he withdrew his hand.+

"Is this just a game to you, we are talking about actual lives here Leon," she responded.6

"Don't be such a sore loser woman, besides they will see each other again very soon..." he commented.+

The woman quickly turned her gaze back to the blue orb in her hand but this time its light was fading out, and it soon became as dull as the green one.+

She looked at both orbs in both shock and pain, while the man let out an amused laugh.+

"Well my dear, our game is about to begin again, best of luck to you!" he said before shifting back to his raven form and flying out of the tower.+

The woman glanced at the chalk board, she had a lot of 'points' while he had only one. But once was enough...+

She summoned a blue butterfly in her hand and sent it on its way to one of the islands bellow. It landed on the outstretched hand of a woman with long black hair who was robed in a flowing white dress.+

"So that's her next move... very well then." she said. "It will be their very first time in my world, I'll do my best to ensure their have their happily ever after..."6

+

The heat from the flames singed her fur as a she-wolf cautiously scanned her surroundings. She could feel eyes on her and and the fur on the back of her neck stood at attention.14

I won't let them get me, I'll protect you little one... she silently said to the little life in her stomach, that was barely a month old.+

Suddenly a dark brown wolf with red eyes lunged at her, she quickly dodged and the rogue missed her by a couple of inches. She bared her teeth at the monster who merely grinned at her evilly.+

He once again tried to grab for her neck but she got to him first, using all the strength she had left, she grabbed him in her jaws and pinned him down on the ground. Without a single hesitation she bite through his neck and killed him.+

She slowly backed up and tried to get her heart to calm down, not wanting to hurt her unborn child. So focus on her child's well-being she didn't notice another rogue sneaking up behind her.+

He growled as he pounced on her and was inches away from ending her life, when a gray wolf grabbed her attacker buy the neck and pulled him off her. Her hero was quick to end the rogue's life before running back to check on her.+

Amanda are you hurt? Can you walk? He asked through their mind link.+

I'm fine Jeremy, she responded while doing her best to smile at her mate.9

Jeremy nuzzled their noses together before helping her up, and leading her away from their now collapsing pack house. They ran up a hill where a small group of wolves waited for them.+

Amanda! A woman's voice called through the link.+

Amanda turned to see her two friends run up to her in wolf form.+

Thank Goddess you're alright! They exclaimed as they nuzzled her side.+

I'm so happy that you girls are alright as well, she replied to her long time friends Catherine and Martha.+

Meanwhile Jeremy walked up to an all black wolf who was watching their home getting consumed by the flames. His eyes fell on his parents' bodies that were slowly swallowed up by the heat.+

I'm so sorry Alexander, Jeremy told his friend, who gave him a curt nod.+

How could this happen, they were all happy a few moments ago. Alexander just became Alpha, and Andrew, his Beta, they had both found their mates, and Jeremy was going to share his news about him becoming a father soon. Then the rogues appeared out of nowhere and attacked them. So many lives were lost, and those that had survived where mostly young adults and pups.+

What shall we do now Alpha? Andrew, Catherine's mate and their dear friend asked Alexander.+

Alexander turned to face the pack, now his pack. He steeled himself and placed on an air of dominance.+

We must move to a safer location, those who are able to fight form a protective circle around the pups and omegas, He ordered.+

Yes Alpha! They chorused and started to take up formation.+

Alexander tensed at the title, he had been training his whole life for this, yet he had always thought that his father would be there to guide him along the way. His body started to shake with the amount of pressure he felt.+

What was he going to do, get them to safety then what? How would he provide food for all of them, he wasn't ready for this...+

His train of thoughts were interrupted when he felt Martha rub her face against his neck. He looked at his mate and she shot him a comforting smile.+

He looked towards what remained of the pack, and saw Jeremy and Andrew taking charge of directing the pack into place, with their mates comforting the frightened pups.+

You can do this, you've got us to support you, Martha told him through their private link.+

Alexander straightened up and smiled at her, then walked over to the front of the pack. After sending his friends a grateful nod he quietly led his pack far away from the burning remnants of their home.+

~0~0~0~+

Amanda screams of pain were making Jeremy anxious as he paced back and forth outside of the tent.+

"Dude calm down, she'll be fine." Andrew said as he placed a hand on his friend's shoulder.+

"Andrew's right Jer, Amanda's a strong woman and she has Catherine and Martha in their helping her." Alexander added.+

Jeremy let out a sigh, and gave his friend a smile. A shrilling cry of a child cut through the quiet night and all their eyes widen. Catherine peeked out of the tent and all three looked at her expectantly.+

"It's a boy!" she announced and the entire pack cheered.13

"Can I see them?" Jeremy asked with tears starting to form in his eyes.+

"In a minute," Catherine reassured as she went back into the tent.+

"Congratulations man!" Andrew said as he wrapped Jeremy in a bear hug.6

When they were finally let in, they found Amanda on her cot holding a tiny brunette baby in her arms. She smiled when she saw her mate and held their son out to him.+

Jeremy took the boy into his arms and beamed with pride. "Hello little Georgie," he cooed.27

Alexander let out a relief sigh and stepped out of the tent to take in some fresh air. They have been in this area for about two months now, and after months of travelling to escape the rogues, they were slowly building themselves back. Their pack house would soon be complete, but for now they would have to settle in tents.+

Alexander lifted his eyes to the night sky, and found no sign of the moon.+

Must be new moon tonight, he thought. A darkened moon... The beginning phase of a thing known to illuminate the night... the sign of rebirth and new beginnings, he concluded.+

He peeked back into the tent to see his friends fawning over little George, Perhaps this is the sign of our pack's rebirth...+

=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-+

 18 Years later+

  =-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-+

+

"George, it's time to get up," Amanda gently said as she shook her son awake.1

George let out a groan but sat up and wiped the sleep from his eyes.+

"You best hurry if you don't want to be late for school, I already have the bath filled and ready for you..." she informed before leaving his room.3

He hurried off to the bathroom and sank into the warm water, letting out a satisfied sigh. Of all the ways that the pack chooses to pamper him, this is the only thing that he didn't mind.+

Being the first born of the Darkened Moon pack after such a tragic incident, George's arrival was viewed as a sign of hope. He really didn't mind at first, since the pack made sure to spoil him rotten. Giving him expensive gifts, allowing him to have sweets whenever he wanted, and showering him with praise for everything that he did. It was a wonder how he didn't end up with a bratty attitude.9

The special treatment only intensified when he shifted for the first time and revealed his pure white coat of fur. White wolves were special since they were believe to be able to connect with nature, and possess incredible instincts and strength. The pack unfortunately didn't know much about white wolves, since all their information was destroyed when their old pack house burned to the ground, along with their rather impressive library.+

All they knew was that George was special, and when he presented as an omega and a carrier, the pack suddenly became so over protective of him. They refused to let him go out on hunts or anywhere without an escort. Heck, he wasn't even allowed to touch knives in the kitchen without supervision.10

It took months for him to convince Alpha Alexander to allow him to train to become a warrior. Arguing that the talents that the Moon Goddess bestowed on him would go to waste, should he be left to do house work for the rest of his life. But though he was clearly better than most of the warriors, he still wasn't allowed to go on rogue hunts nor scouting missions.2

George sighed in frustration as he sunk further into the tub, before playfully tapping the surface of the water with his finger. The water suddenly glowed a light shade of blue, and little droplets of water rose from the surface. George moved his hand around controlling the movement of the tiny drops before letting them fall back down to the tub.+

This was a secret that he kept from the rest of the pack, including his parents. His wolf had told him of the skill the night of his shift, and since then he has been practicing in secret. He found himself able to control several elements of nature, but he seemed to be better at manipulating water and air.12

The reason why he kept this secret, was because Alexander would most likely ban him from honing his powers because it was 'too dangerous.' So he had to resolve to these secret training sessions with only his wolf as a witness. Speaking of his wolf...+

You best get your lazy arse out now, or you're going to be late! Aiden yelled in his head.20

George let out an amused chuckle, only very few people would dare to speak to him like that. Majority of the pack gave him the utmost respect, and always tried to speak to him formally, another thing that he absolutely hated.+

The brunette quickly finished his bath and dressed up simple, before joining his parents downstairs.+

"Morning pup, sleep well?" Jeremy asked, and George gave him a smile and nod.+

"Eat up honey! Today's a very big day!" His mother stated cheerfully as she placed a large stack of pancakes in front of her son.+

"Don't gets your hopes up Mum, you heard what Philza said." he pointed out.+

Philza was one of the very few older werewolves of their pack that survived the rogue attack. He was their source of wisdom nowadays, and Alexander would usually turn to him for sound advice.17

Philza did warn him on his 18th birthday a few days ago, that he may not find a mate. Though there was so little known about white wolves one fact remained clear, all white wolves that came before him never had a mate.2

This did not worry George, but it did effect his parents. Ever since they found out that he was carrier they had expected to be blessed with grandchildren.+

"Don't be so negative Georgie! But either way you won't be sleeping here tonight," his dad reminded, wiggling his eyebrows and making George groaned.+

Tonight was the full moon of the month, which meant that all single wolves no matter what their age, would be staying at the pack house so their parents and other mated pairs could spend the night alone.13

Full moons filled mated wolves with the urge to mate, as their bodies would become highly sensitive and their minds would cloud over with lust.+

"Will you be okay spending the night at the pack house George?" his mother asked in concern and he rolled his eyes.+

"Yes mother, I'll be fine." he answered as he finished the last bit of his breakfast. He then kissed his mother on the cheek and gave his dad a quick hug. "Bye mum, be dad!"+

"George be careful okay, don't come home without Karl or Bad!" his father yelled but George pretended not to hear him. He loved his parents and everyone in the pack, but their over protectiveness was getting suffocating.8

He glanced around the area as he walked down the street. Their pack land was situated deep in the woods, with only one road leading to the town nearby. What was once a settlement of tents is now a modernized suburban looking neighborhood. Alexander made sure to become good friends with the mayor of the town nearby, and without giving away their true identify, he managed to convince the mayor to have a cemented road leading to their land.+

The pack lands mainly consisted of houses, with the pack house on the outer edge but only the Alpha's family lived there now, everyone else had their own homes. The only time that they would gather at the pack house was when there was a meeting or event.+

When George reached the edge of the pack lands, where the cemented road started, he stopped and sat on the bench located near the guard house.+

"Hello George!" the guard greeted.+

"Hello Wilbur! No scout duty today?" he asked.14

"Nope, I'm spending the day training Tommy and Tubbo once my replacement arrives." Wilbur responded, before scanning their surroundings. "Bad and Karl are still not here? You're going to be late if they don't get here soon."+

George stood from his seat, "You know I could probably run there," he stated and Wilbur shot him a smirk.+

"If you think that I'm going to let you do that after what happened last time, you are sorely mistaken," Wilbur said, George huffed and he sat back down.1

The last time that Bad and Karl were late, he had sneaked passed Wilbur, shifted, and ran to school. That day neither Bad nor Karl showed up to school, and when George returned he found the entire pack frantically searching through the area for him. He got quite the scolding from not only his parents but his Alpha and Beta as well. He got lots of hugs after that though.10

A car finally pulled up and the window rolled down to reveal his friends,  with Badboyhalo at the wheel.1

"Oh thank goddess you didn't leave without us, I wouldn't be able to handle another lecture from Alpha!" Karl stated as he released a sigh of relief. George gave them a smile and hopped into the backseat.+

"Excited for tonight George?" Bad asked and the brunette merely hummed.+

His friend had also reached 18, while Karl still had a year to go.+

"Not really..." George replied.+

They soon pulled up at their school and after a hurried set of goodbyes, with his friends reminding him to wait for them this afternoon, the trio went their separate ways.+

The school that they attended was a normal human one, with the occasional supernatural. Alexander wanted to give the pups a chance to experience the outside world, as long as they promised to keep their identity as a werewolf a secret.4

George managed to reach his classroom in time, and immediately started taking down notes as his teacher started the discussion. He was a rather bright kid, and his teachers were very pleased with his performance. The last subject he had however, was gym.+

Now don't get him wrong, he didn't mind the subject, but he wasn't a fan of ball games. He preferred swimming, gymnastics and running, over basketball or football. Luckily their teacher was pretty nice, and allowed his students to do what they wanted as long as they didn't stay idle.8

George was busy stretching out so he could run a couple of laps, when someone jumped onto his back.+

"Hey Georgie!" a feminine voice squealed, making George smile.+

"Tiffany! Get off!" he sighed in mock exasperation. Tiffany giggled and slid off his back, then reached up to tie her brown hair into a ponytail.+

Tiffany was a bouncing ball of energy, who always managed to get George to relax. She was definitely pretty, with rich, wavy, chocolate brown hair, that glowed gold when the sun hits it at the right angle, and blue-green eyes that immediately caught anyone's attention. She gave off an aura of innocence and naivety, but George knew that she was the exact opposite. Tons of guys liked her, but George was not one of them.4

"Let's go George!" she yelled before taking off, George huffed and ran after her.+

The pair soon settled into a rhythm, and exchanged a few words between even breaths.+

Something caught George's eye and he turned his focus from his friend, to the open court where a bunch of guys were playing basketball. His attention was drawn towards a blonde and a raven head, who currently had the ball.5

The raven head ran and dodged his blockers, passing the ball to the blonde who dunked it. The pair let out a holler of victory, before going in for a chest bump.8

Well would you look at those overjoyed cave men Adien suddenly said, and George had to stifle a laugh from leaving his throat.14

"You okay?" Tiffany asked from besides him and he nodded.+

She glanced past him to see what he was looking at and gasped. "Georgie! Don't tell me that you're crushing on those jocks," she cried, in a jokingly mortified voice.1

George stopped in his tracks to let out a good laugh, with Aiden joining him inside his head. "Ann, don't be ridiculous...I would never be interested in those idiots."1

"Didn't you used to be childhood friends though?" she asked.1

"Emphasis on the 'used to'," George responded, as he returned to his run, with Tiffany following closely behind.+

Once they were done with their laps, he waved goodbye to her and headed for the shower rooms. He had just finished getting dressed when a shadow cast over him.+

"You shouldn't be getting too close to humans," a voice spoke, which the brunette recognized instantly.11

"I fail to see how you get a say in who I should be friends with Dream," he responded to the blonde.+

Sure, they used to be pretty close since Sapnap and Dream were merely 4 months younger than him, but when George was around 10 years old their friendship became strained.1

Despite the brunette's efforts to try and save it, they eventually drifted apart when Sapnap and Dream left to attend werewolf school, in order to train for their future roles as the Beta and Alpha of the Darkened Moon pack.+

He had tried to contact them but never got a response. George was crushed with how their relationship ended, but it was around this time that he met Tiffany, and the girl knew exactly how to help him build himself up again.+

Dream and Sapnap returned about a year ago, and enrolled at the same school as George and the other pack members, but by now they were practically strangers.+

George turned to face his former friend, whose face was contorted in annoyance.+

"George you need to be careful, she could be a hunter." Dream reminded him.6

George scoffed, "She isn't a hunter Dream, now move," he said as he tried to side step around the Alpha to exit the shower room, but the blonde blocked his path.+

"I'm just concerned George," the blonde explained3

"Oh now you're concerned about me," he stated bitterly, before shoving the alpha harshly to the side and exiting the room.+

Dimwitted arsehole, always treating me like a child and telling me what to do! Who does he think he is?+

Uhmm your Alpha? Aiden replied.10

I don't need your smart mouth right now Aiden, and he isn't my Alpha yet! George yelled back.+

Relax man I'm on your side, do you want to sneak into his room and commit arson tonight?27

What is wrong with you?1

A lot actually24

That made George smile as he headed outside the building to wait for Bad and Karl.+

Though seriously man, I understand that you and I are connected ,  but I don't get why you seem to hate Sapnap and Dream more than I do?+

Well I do feel your betrayal and all, and it makes me want to sock them ,  but most of my hatred is pointed at their wolves, not them.+

You only met their wolves once, and you didn't even talk to them.+

Let's just say that we didn't really get along back on the astral plains, we would drive the Moon Goddess mad, trying to get at each others '  throat s .1

"Hey squirt!" a voice called from behind, and they both groaned.+

George turned to see Sapnap walking up to him. The raven head wore a smug smile, which made the brunette want to scratch it off his face.+

Do it! Do it! Do it! Aiden chanted. 22

Seriously?+

Aw come on ,  one tiny scratch won't kill him, and it will heal nicely1

"Hello! Have you suddenly gone deaf?" Sapnap stated while snapping his fingers obnoxiously in front of George's face.+

The brunette clenched his jaw to control his rage.+

Just say the word boss, and I'll drag my claws across his pretty face5

Pretty?+

What? You can't deny that they are both blessed in looks, it's just sad that they didn't receive any  brains .13

George stifled back a chuckle, well it was true, though blessed physically neither of his childhood friends did well academically.+

"Oh Goddess, you have gone deaf, are you alright? Want me to take you to Red so he can examine you?" Sapnap suddenly stated, his haughty tone now replaced with worry.+

"It appalls me to how you think that a newly deaf person would be able to understand what you were saying. But oh how I wish I was deaf, so I don't need to listen to your nauseating voice." George replied.+

"Jerk!" Sapnap stated angrily.1

"Airhead!"+

Sapnap was about to shoot back another insult when Dream suddenly showed up.+

"Enough you two!" he commanded in his Alpha voice, which made them cower a bit.6

"George you shouldn't worry Sapnap like that, and Sap you know better than to lose your temper to an omega. You know they get easily affected by us dominants."12

"Hello! I'm right here," George said, "and I'm not some bitchy weakling, stop stereotyping omegas, some of us are stronger than you think."3

"You may be a white wolf George, but you are still an omega. I personally prefer if you would stick to omega duties rather than training to become a warrior." Sapnap pointed out.14

"You don't get to decided what I want to do with my life," George pointed out.+

"I agree with Sapnap, George," Dream stated. "And trust me when I say this, you will not join any missions once I'm in charge. You will stay at home where it's safe, but you can help the other omega's with the house chores so you won't get bored."6

"Fuck you both!" the brunette yelled in anger.2

A car then rolled up and Badboyhalo called out to him. He rushed towards the vehicle before Dream and Sapnap could say anything else.1

I hate them...+

You and me both kid19

WACK! Followed by some muttering then another WACK!17

With each blow that George dealt to the slab of meat on the table in front of him, the rest of the omegas flinched. Normally he wouldn't be on kitchen duty, since there were too many ways he could injure himself, but with the full moon tonight, all omegas were tasked to help prepare food for the party.+

George didn't mind at all, his foul mood was rather from what happened earlier concerning a certain blonde and raven head.+

Antfrost watched him with an amused smile, the Head of the Omegas was rather used to the brunette's moods.6

"George? Honey? Take it easy on that meat, you might just break the table," he stated calmly, but it managed to make George freeze half way through sending another blow.+

"Sorry Ant," he told his friend.+

"It's fine sweetheart," he answered.+

Once George was done with tenderizing the meat he left them on a tray, before checking on the cookies he made earlier. He judged them to be fully bake, so after washing his hands he took them out, and started arranging them on a large platter.2

Suddenly one was snatched out of the tray, he twirled around to see who the thief was and smirked.+

"Red! Those aren't for you!" Antfrost scolded as he stomped over to his mate, who was happily chewing on the cookie.9

"Sorry Love, couldn't help it. George's cooking is the best!" he complemented, shooting George a warm smile.3

"Even so! What are you even doing here, don't you have patients?" Antfrost asked his mate, who also happened to be the pack's doctor.+

"I'm all done for the day, and thought I could come pick you up so we could start early," Red said wiggling his eyebrows and making Antfrost blush.+

The rest of the omegas including George cooed teasingly at their interaction, which only enhanced Antfrost's embarrassment. Taking pity on his friend, George walked up to them and gently pushed Ant towards Red.+

"Leave the rest to me Ant, you go on ahead and enjoy the night." he said.+

"You sure?" Antfrost asked.+

"Yup! Now please get this cookie thief out of the kitchen before he steals another one!" George stated teasingly, as he pointed to Red who was eyeing the rest of the cookies.+

Antfrost gave him a quick hug before dragging a whining Red out of the kitchen. George giggle a bit before starting up another batch of treats, he made a mental note to bake a batch for Red sometime.+

~0~0~0~+

George placed the last tray of muffins on the long table, and let out a satisfied huff. He looked around and found the other omegas and betas, working together to set up the area for the younger kids. All that remained now where singles and the under age. The mated pairs had already started their passion filled journey for the night.5

The brunette turned his eyes to the moon, and sure enough she was slowly rising across the night sky in all her beauty.+

"Gosh I'm nervous!" Bad said coming up from behind George and snatching a muffin.+

"Relax Bad! Whoever it is will be perfect for you," George insured.+

"What are you guys talking about?" another voice spoke up, and the pair turned to see a dark haired man approach them.+

"Hey Skeppy! Nothing much actually, just a bit nervous about tonight." Bad stated.3

Skeppy, like Bad was one of the pack's warriors and younger than them by a month, so tonight he would be stuck on babysitting duty with Karl.+

"Relax man! The Goddess knows what she's doing!" Skeppy assured Bad and the brunette smiled at him.+

Just then a chill ran down George's spine, and he looked at Bad who seemed to have felt it too. Aiden started prancing around in George's head in excitement as the moon slowly approached its peak.+

"Attention! The run is about to begin, all eligible wolves please gather here!" Dream's voice called.+

George rolled his eyes but allowed Bad to pull him to the group.+

"Shift!" Dream commanded.1

The sound of bones cracking rang clear as they all slowly turned into their wolves. George's pure white coat glistened under the moonlight and his blue eyes shone brightly.+

"Go!"+

Instincts took over as the group started running along the edge of the pack lands. George slowly felt his senses come alive, and could hear every sound that echoed through the night.+

What to take over? He asked Aiden+

Really?+

Yeah, I haven't let you out in a week+

Thanks man!+

George slowly receded into himself as Aiden took over the reins. He could still see the world around them through Aiden's eyes, but he was no longer in control of their body's movement.+

Adien pulled ahead of the pack, eager to feel the cool night breeze against his fur, and leaving the rest in the dust. This was pure bliss, the sense of freedom where no one could tell them what to do with their lives.+

As they neared the point from where they started from, Aiden slowed down and handed the reins back to George. George shook out his wolf's thick coat and was about to shift back, when a weak scent of apples and cinnamon wafted pass his nose.+

Mate? Aiden said, sounding both excited and confused at the same time.+

George just stood there in shock, as the other runners finally caught up to him. His body moved on its on, pulling him towards the alluring smell.2

It wasn't that strong, which probably meant that his mate wasn't of age yet, and the brunette strongly hoped that he wouldn't have to wait years to be with his soulmate.+

His got distracted for a minute when a wolf came barreling towards Skeppy, and tackled him to the ground. The dark haired man seemed rather surprised as the wolf shifted back to reveal Bad.+

"Mate!" the brunette cried, and Skeppy broke into a wide grin.8

George smiled, they may have to wait a month for Skeppy to be ready but at least they found each other.+

Another scent suddenly attacked his nose mixing with the previous one. This time it smelled like vanilla and purple freesia.6

Two mates? Aiden said in confusion as George walked a bit nearer to where both scents were coming from.+

When his eyes finally found the sources of the intoxicating scents he felt his heart stop and his jaw fall open.6

Oh Fuck!+

That Bitch! 

As much as he tried, George could seem to tear his eyes away from the blonde and raven head in front of him. Sapnap and Dream were deep in conversation, totally not aware of the panic filling George.2

Aiden...I can't... he said in apologetic tone slowly backing away.+

Aiden whimpered a bit at his words, but soon steeled himself up and allowed George to run towards the woods, where they would spend the night.+

They both knew that their mate bond would make them forget all the hatred they carried for their mates, but they didn't want that. That night they came to an agreement, to keep who their mates were a secret.2

+

+

Double update to make up for switching accounts :)6

=0=0=0=0=0=0=0=0=0=0=0=0=0=0=0=0=0=0=0=0=+

Four months later+

=0=0=0=0=0=0=0=0=0=0=0=0=0=0=0=0=0=0=0=0=+

George sauntered down his school's hallways as he headed towards the parking lot. He rubbed his chest to ease the prickling pain he felt in his heart. +

Aiden?+

He felt a flicker of warmth in his chest, Aiden has been rather silent these days, and he could feel his wolf getting weaker.+

Yes George?+

Be honest bud, how do you feel?+

Like shit, but I'll be okay...+

George felt guilt consume him, as he played with the necklace around his neck. It was no ordinary necklace, it had the ability to stop a mate bond from forming, and as long as he wore it, Dream and Sapnap wouldn't be able to find out that he was their mate.+

It also helped them ignore the longing for their mates. Though not entirely, but at least it was less than what they would normally have to go through.+

I'm so-+

Don't apologize George, we made this decision together remember. I don't think I could possible stand being mated to them, after hating them for so long.+

George said no more as he stood in the parking lot, waiting for Karl to pick him up, since Bad would be riding with Skeppy. For the first time that day a genuine smile crossed the brunette's face, as he remembered how Bad tackled both him and Karl into a hug, and gushed about how happy he was with the dark haired man.+

His pleasant thoughts were interrupted when the undeniable scent of his mates, wafted past his nose. George felt shivers run up and down his body, and Aiden let out a low howl.+

"Hey George!" Dream greeted cheerfully. Most likely excited for tonight since he would be receiving the Alpha title, and find his mate.+

The brunette gave the blonde a nod as an acknowledgment, already feeling his body slightly heat up.+

"Man I'm so excited for tonight! What do you think my girl's gonna look like?" Sapnap asked Dream.14

Well one's a rather tall blonde with green eyes, and he's got a dick which will most likely end up in you, Aiden weakly quipped, but it managed to make George chuckle a bit.13

"What's so funny?" Sapnap asked.+

"Nothing, just my wolf being dumb," George responded.+

Hey!+

Love ya, George responded before blocking Aiden out.+

"No mate yet George?" Dream asked.+

"Nope," came the response.+

He could feel their looks of pity, which only made him even more uncomfortable. Where is Karl? He internally groaned.+

"Are you leaving?" Sapnap asked.+

If pack members couldn't find a mate in the pack, Alexander would allow them to travel to other packs to see if their mate was there.+

George shook his head, "No, I don't think I have a mate..." he said. The brunette thought that he heard Dream and Sapnap sigh in relief, but pegged it as his mind playing tricks on him.3

More silence followed and George couldn't take it any longer, so he unblocked Aiden.+

Well ain't this beautifully awkward, his wolf said smugly.+

Stop acting like you weren't whimpering in need during these past full moons George pointed out.+

And You stop acting like you didn't fing-47

Aiden's response was cut off by George, who groaned internally again. Lucky for the brunette, Karl arrived at that very moment. He rushed towards the car without a word to Dream and Sapnap, and stayed silent for the rest of the ride.+

~0~0~0~+

That night was just terrible for George, as Sapnap and Dream's scents became more potent which made his mind cloud over with lust. He had a hard time sitting still and acting calm, as Alexander and Andrew presented their sons as the new Beta and Alpha of the Darkened moon pack.+

Just a bit more, we can do this... George told Aiden as he placed down a pot of stew on the table.+

Inside of him Aiden was fidgeting so much, trying his best not to run towards his mates. The brunette reached up to grip his necklace. Thank Goddess he had it, or this night would have been unbearable.+

He was suddenly hit with a strong wave of vanilla and freesia, before feeling a hand touch him on his shoulder. George shivered at the touch, and released a shaky breath before turning to face Sapnap.+

"What?" he said, the word coming out harsher than he meant to.+

"Dream's calling for everyone so we can start the run." +

"You guys go on, I think I'll stick to babysitting duty tonight."+

Sapnap looked like he was about to say something, but instead walked away to where the runners were gathering. George tried his best to act happy being with Karl and the pups, but the ache in his heart was getting stronger by the minute.+

Dream and Sapnap were one of the first to arrive, and George watched them from the corner of his eye. He saw their wolves sniff around before staring each other.+

They shifted back to their human forms, shock evident on their faces before large smiles grew in its place.+

"Mate!" they cried at the same time and ran into each others arms. Everyone else cheered as the pair kissed, while George merely whimpered silently in the corner.2

George?5

Yes...+

I want to leave... Aiden whispered out.+

George shifted into his wolf form and they spent another night in the woods.+

~0~0~0~+

Dream grabbed Sapnap by the hand and dragged him inside the pack house towards his room. Who would have thought that the Goddess would decided to pair them together. They have always been close, but they never felt any attraction for each other.+

Yet the platonic love that they used to feel for each other, had transformed into something more raw, one filled with desire and possessiveness.+

Dream pushed Sapnap onto his bed and connected their lips in a passionate kiss. The bond between them started to form, and their wolves pushed forward, wanting to mark each other at that exact moment.11

Dream took his time however, making sure to shower Sapnap with kisses and compliments as they stripped each other of their clothes. The Alpha ground his erection against Sapnap's, who let out a moan and tugged at the his golden locks.8

The blonde then took the beta's member into his hand and started to stroke him at a slow pace. The beta threw his head back and let out a groan, drowning in the pleasure that his mate brought to his body.+

The Alpha growled, pleased that Sapnap was enjoying his touch. The blonde then sucked on two of his fingers and circled them around Sapnap's hole.+

The raven head suddenly tensed up, "Whoa Whoa time out!" he yelled and immediately sat up.1

"What?" Dream asked.+

"You were...wait seriously? I'm the bottom in this relationship?" he asked in a frightened tone.2

"What were you expecting Sapnap, I'm an alpha and you're a beta..."+

"I don't know? I was hoping that we could maybe switch?" the raven head suggested, and looked up at Dream with hopeful eyes.+

Dream wheezed then shot him a smirk, "Not likely sweetheart, now will you relax, I promise that I'll make it feel good."+

"Isn't this your first time?" Sapnap asked with a raised eyebrow.+

"It is."+

"Than how can you guarantee that it will feel good?"+

"Because I'm your mate, and I promise to go slow ..." Dream reassured as he pressed kisses onto Sapnap's cheek.+

"Okay..." Sapnap whispered out making Dream smile.+

Sapnap laid back down on the bed and Dream inserted the first finger in.+

"Goddess! Take it out!" Sapnap gritted.9

"Please just give it a bit more time Sap..." Dream pleaded, Sapnap sighed and nodded.+

Eventually it did turn pleasurable and the blonde inserted another finger. Once he was stretched out enough, Dream aligned himself with Sapnap's hole then looked at his mate for confirmation.+

By this time the beta was a moaning mess and his eyes only displayed lust. The raven head gave Dream a nod, who then slowly pushed in.+

"Oh Goddess...Sapnap relax...you're way too tight," Dream complained.+

The raven took in a couple of deep breaths and slowly relaxed his muscles.+

"I'm going to move okay..."+

Sapnap gave him another nod, and Dream slowly started thrusting into him. The blonde had managed to find his prostrate which made him scream out.+

Dream continued to hit the spot till they were both close to the edge. Their canines descended and their eyes changed color. Dream's turning a dark green, while Sapnap's turned amber.+

They dug their teeth into each others necks as they found relief. After licking their new marks clean, they gave each other a smile and a kiss, before settling on the bed for the night.+

Sapnap snuggled up to Dream's side and the blonde pulled the beta's head onto his chest, before giving his mate another kiss on the forehead. +

This feels so right, yet something is missing, they both thought at the same time. 15

They ignored that thought and tried their best to fall asleep, blocking out the sweet smell of cherry blossom and pears coming from the forest, that was driving their wolves crazy.1

Those horny bastards... George groaned as he stomped down the school's hallways. 1

He had trouble sleeping these past few days since Dream and Sapnap were going at it like animals in heat, and he could tell every single time that they were doing it. +

Poor Aiden had retreated far too deep into George, and the only sign that he was still there was a flicker of warmth that George would feel from time to time.1

He rounded the corner, and his attention was immediately caught by the sight of Sapnap and Dream kissing besides their lockers.+

Aiden whimpered and George felt his heart constrict, I can't breath, I need to get out of here...+

As he slowly backed away he ended up bumping into someone. He was about to mumble an apology when the person caught his arm and made him look up.+

"George? Honey, what's wrong?" Tiffany asked, wiping away a few stray tears from the brunette's face. George hadn't even noticed that he was crying.+

Tiffany peeked out of the corner to see what was troubling her friend, and when she saw Dream and Sapnap kissing, she sighed.+

"Oh George..." she whispered out and he slumped into her arms.+

Tiffany slowly led him away and into an empty classroom. There she let him spill every single tear on her shoulder before drying his eyes.+

"Hold still okay, I'm going to apply a bit of makeup to cover your puffy eyes..." Tiffany said as she took out a pouch filled with cosmetics, and started to conceal any signs of crying on her friend's face.9

"I hate this Ann...I hate feeling like this... I'm getting emotional and weak and I hate it."+

"Georgie there are some things you can't help, and falling for someone is one of them..."+

"I don't love them though..." He reasoned out.+

"But you feel something for them don't you?"+

George nodded and she gave him a hug.+

"You know that I'll always be there for you, whenever you need me," she reminded and he gave her a smile.+

His situation was a bit hard to explain, but he was happy to know that she supported him.+

"And hey, today's the end of the school year, you won't have to see them that much anymore." She said trying to sound positive.+

I'll probably still see them back on the pack lands, he wanted to say but didn't. "Thanks Ann, for being such an amazing friend. I'm gonna miss you during the summer."+

"No problem Georgie, and you could always visit me if needed. We best get going though, Karl's probably waiting for you outside."+

He doubted he would be able to visit her under the watchful eyes of his parents, and the rest of the pack. Well he could always sneak out, he's done it before.+

Tiffany did offer to walk him to the parking lot, but George told her that he would be fine. So with one last hug they separated, and George found himself daydreaming as he walked down the corridor.+

Due to his lack of paying attention he ended bumping into someone again, only this time he nearly fell down. The person he bumped into however, managed to catch him in time. Embarrassed, George was about to spout out a string of apologizes, when the scent of apples and cinnamon attacked his nose.+

"You okay George?" Dream asked as he helped the brunette straighten.+

"Yes..." the brunette mumbled, keeping his gaze to the ground, and hating the sparks shooting up his body from the blonde's touch.+

Dream reached out and cupped the omega's face, forcing George to look up at him. The blonde the gently rubbed his thumb across George's face making the brunette whimper softly and lean into the touch.+

That whimper made Dream's wolf growl lowly, but not in threatening manner. The blonde couldn't tell why he felt the need to touch the brunette in such a way, but seeing the omega submit to him made his heart light.4

"George..." Dream called out softly, as he leaned in closer so their faces were mere inches away.+

George suddenly snapped out of his daze and pushed away from Dream. The two of them stood still for a minute, just staring at each other before George stepped back and took off running, sending a sharp, stabbing pain through Dream's heart in the process, and causing his wolf to howl out.+

What's going on Derick? The blonde asked his wolf.17

Need him... Derick answered.+

But why?+

I don't know? I just do...+

Well we already have a mate, and I'm not doing that to Sapnap. Shouldn't wolves be loyal to their mate?+

Need him...+

What about Mathias? Dream asked referring to Sapnap's wolf.4

Need him too...Derick whimpered out.+

You greedy horndog!6

Hey, don't act like you didn't get aroused by that whimper George let out! Derick stated before retreating into Dream, signaling that this conversation was over.1

Aroused? I wasn't- Dream cut himself off when he finally noticed how tight his pants suddenly were.8

The blonde let out a gasped and used his hands to cover his mouth, Goddess, what is wrong with me? I just got turned on by someone who wasn't my mate... I practically cheated on Sapnap.+

Dream shook all thoughts of George from his mind and quickly went to look for his mate.+

~0~0~0~+

Sapnap kept glancing at Dream from the passenger's seat, not knowing why his mate was so tensed. The blonde has been in a bad mood since they met up at the parking lot, and had said nothing to him as they drove back to the pack lands.+

"Are you mad at me?" Sapnap asked, when they had finally parked back at the pack house.+

Dream turned to him with wide eyes before they softened with love, but Sapnap could see the glint of another emotion in his mate's eyes, guilt.+

"No Sapnap, I'm not mad at you. I'm sorry, it's just been a very stressful day at school, and a lot of weird things happened."+

Sapnap gave him a smile and leaned in to kiss his mate gently. "Hey at least today was the last day," he stated and Dream pressed their lips together again in a kiss.+

As the kiss became more heated, Dream lowered his seat back and pulled Sapnap onto his lap.1

"Dream..." Sapnap whispered out against Dream's lips. "Someone might see..."+

"Then let them see," Dream stated with a growl as his eyes darkened with lust, and Derick pushed forward. "I need you now Sapnap..."+

The raven head lifted his head to see his mate's eyes display such sadness and guilt, that it physically hurt him to see Dream in such a state. He didn't know what happened to make the blonde feel this way, but he could always ask him later, right now his mate need him.+

The beta smashed their lips together, and Dream let out a low growl in response. Sapnap then reached down to undo both of their pants, and the blonde broke their kiss to wet his fingers.+

Sapnap hissed as he felt Dream's fingers inside him, stretching him out for what was about to come. The beta couldn't deny that having sex with Dream always felt amazing, but there was something about bottoming that just didn't fully appeal to him. Unfortunately, he didn't have much of a choice in the matter, since Dream was obviously more dominant than him.1

"Sap..." Dream called out in a needy voice, and the raven head aligned himself with the blonde's erection, before lowering himself to swallow up the alpha in his cavern.1

The blonde grunted, and they both stayed still till Sapnap deemed himself ready to move. The beta moved at a steady pace, making moans and grunts leave both of their lips.1

Sapnap eventually grew tired, so Dream gripped onto his waist and started thrusting into him. The raven head thew his head back as every attack hit his prostrate dead on.+

"I love you..." Dream suddenly whispered, making Sapnap look at him once again.+

The alpha smashed their lips together, as he continued to thrust into Sapnap. "I love you..." he repeated, "I swear that I do..." he continued, his voice carrying a note of desperation.1

Dream then moved his lips to Sapnap's mark making shivers run down the latter's spine. +

"Dream...I'm close," Sapnap warned, and the blonde reached down to start stroking his mate.+

Sapnap let out a muffled cry as he released into Dream's hand, causing him to involuntary clench around the alpha. This proved to be Dream's undoing as he came inside the raven head.+

Sapnap was in a total daze, and when he finally came down from his high, he was in a different set of clothes, laying on their bed, and wrapped up in Dream's arms.+

Dream was fast asleep with a semi-troubled look on his face. Sapnap reached up to caress his mate's cheek, before pressing a gentle kiss to the blonde's forehead. He then sent a prayer up to the Moon Goddess to let whatever was troubling his mate to pass soon.+

Seriously! It's still broad daylight! George whined internally as he tried to ignore his semi hard on, indicating that his mates were currently fucking. 4

Goddess why!+

Because she's a bitch+

Aren't you going to get in trouble for calling her that, once you go back to the astral plains....+

I'm not the first one to call her that, and I certainly will not be the last if she keeps this up.6

George groaned and headed to the bathroom to splash cold water on his erection. He heard his mother calling for him and headed downstairs to see what all the fuss was about, in his rush he tripped over a suitcase.+

"My baby!" his mother cried as she rushed towards him.1

"Mum," George groaned exasperated. "I am no longer a child, and I'm not hurt anywhere."+

"You need to be careful George, maybe this was a bad idea..." His father stated, mumbling the last part.+

George stared at the bags surrounding him, "You guys going somewhere?"+

His parents looked at each other before turning to him with guilty and worried expressions. "Well Georgie, with Dream and Sapnap now as the pack's Beta and Alpha, Alexander and Andrew wanted to take a well deserved vacation, and they asked us to join them and their mates."+

"Oh I see, where are you guys heading off too?" George asked as he got up and dusted himself off.+

"We're actually going country hopping, and will probably be gone for several months..." his mom said.+

"Well alright then, have fun. I'll be fine staying here alone, and we can set up a weekly call time so you don't miss me too much," George stated nonchalantly as he headed to the kitchen to grab a snack.+

"Actually George, we made arrangements for you to stay at the pack house.2

"What!" George yelled as he turned back to face them.+

"Dream and Sapnap said that they don't mind..." His father pointed out.+

"No! Absolutely not happening, why can't I stay here in our house. It's safe enough," the brunette argued.+

"We don't want you to be alone for months Georgie, and the plan is already set, so go pack your bags," His father stated firmly.5

George's hand flew up to his necklace hidden under his shirt, gripping it tightly as he tried his best to calm down.+

Well ain't this just perfect... +

~0~0~0~+

"We will miss you guys!" Sapnap and Dream said as hugged their parents goodbye.+

They then turned to Amanda and Jeremy, "Don't worry, we'll take good care of him." they promised and the couple shot them a grateful smile.2

George then came up and hugged his parents tight, before getting snatched up in a group hug by Dream and Sapnap's parents. He smiled, they may be incredibly annoying with how protective they were of him, but he truly did love them and would miss them dearly.+

The three boys stood in front of the pack house, and continued to wave goodbye to their parents as the car slowly disappeared from sight.+

There was a brief moment of awkward silence as the boys merely shuffled in their spot.+

Well this is awkward, Sapnap thought.+

Just say something you idiot! Mathias, his wolf yelled in his head.+

Like what?+

Why not show George to his room...+

Sapnap took his wolf's advice and turned to the brunette. "Follow me George, I'll take you to your room."+

George nodded, then picked up his bags, and followed Sapnap inside. When they arrived at the room the brunette mumbled his thanks, walked in, and shut the door.+

Sapnap was about to go in and talk to the omega when he felt Dream's arms wrap around his waist, and the blonde's lips press against his mark.+

"He'll be alright, let's go take a stroll," Dream suggested with a smile.1

Sapnap returned the grin, and they walked out of the pack house hand in hand. Both choosing to ignore their wolves wishes to return to George, and ask if he would like to join them. 1

~0~0~0~+

The next morning Sapnap woke up earlier than Dream, and after giving his still sleeping mate a peck on the head, he got out of bed and dressed for an early morning jog.+

As he made his way around the pack lands, he saw someone else jogging in the distance. The man in front of him had long blonde hair, tied up into a pony tail.+

"Philza!" he called and the older man stopped, and waited for him to catch up.6

"Good morning Phil," he greeted.+

"Good morning Beta, or do you prefer Luna?" Philza asked, as they continued their jog. +

Sapnap cringed and said that he much preferred Beta. Technically he was the Luna, being the Alpha's mate and all, but there was no way he was giving up his position as Beta.+

"So what's bothering you?+

Sapnpa looked at him confused and the Philza let out a little laugh, "You only jog this early when you need to think about something. I've known you since you were a pup Sapnap, you can tell me anything."1

The raven head let out a sigh, "I don't really know how to explain this, but I feel like there's something missing in my life, like I'm forgetting something important."+

The blonde man besides him hummed, urging him to continue.+

"I love Dream, I know I do, he's suppose to complete me as my other half...but I just can't seem to shake the feeling like there's still a piece missing."+

Sapnap huffed and the pair stopped to rest for a minute, "Also there's the issue that I'm not a carrier... as Dream's mate I'm expected to give him an heir..."+

Philza placed a strong hand on his shoulder, "The Moon Goddess knows what she's doing, and I'm sure that there's a good reason that you feel this way. Just give her some time to reveal the answer to you, and as for your pup problem, maybe try getting checked again by Red. Something might have changed when you guys became mates."+

Sapnap thanked the elder for his advice and the two continued on their jog.1

~0~0~0~+

"You're are perfectly healthy Sapnap, and no, you did not magically grow a womb." Red commented making the raven head chuckle, before looking dejected.+

Red patted his back, "You could always adopt or have a surrogate, but why not put this issue on the back burner. You're both still young, so why not enjoy your life together first."+

"Thanks Red... I need to go train," Sapnap said as he stood up to leave.+

"Alright then take care!" Red said, as he reached behind his desk and pulled out a plastic container filled with cookies.2

"Want one?" The doctor offered, and the Beta shot him a smile before reaching into the container.+

The Beta practically moaned when he bit into it.2

"Good huh?" Red stated with a smile, and Sapnap nodded.+

"Did Antfrost make them?"+

Red shook his head, "Nope, I love my mate very much and he is a great cook, but his cooking skills don't match George's."+

"Wait, George made them?"+

"Yup, that guy is a whiz in the kitchen, now get going or you'll be late."+

Sapnap thanked him again for the treat, and rushed towards the training grounds. He could see the warriors already stretching out and getting ready for the mock battles, with their trainer Quackity watching over them.2

"Perfect timing Beta, I was just about to announce the pairings, but I think you should look over my list first." Quackity stated as he handed the list to him.+

"Wait, why am I paired up with George?" Sapnap asked.1

"You're the only one that I can trust to provide a good challenge, and not hurt him at the same time." Quackity responded and the Beta let out a huff.+

When his turn came he shifted into his wolf that had similar features to a timber wolf. His fur was a mixture of brown, gray, and white. He looked up to see George shifting into his beautiful snow white wolf, and Mathias started pouncing around his head like crazy.+

"Ready?" Quackity asked, and the two wolves answered through their mind link.+

"GO!"+

Sapnap rushed forward, wanting to end this fight quickly. George managed to dodge and tried to grab onto the beta's neck. Growls emitted from both of their throats as the fight continued to rage on, with onlookers yelling out cheers for the both of them.+

He's good, Sapnap thought, but... the Beta suddenly grabbed George by the fur on his neck and pulled him down, placing a strong paw onto the omega's back to keep him pinned to the ground.+

I'm still better... Sapnap said through a private mind link with George, making the omega growl lowly.+

George twisted his head back to shoot the beta a death glare, and Sapnap's breathing hitched when his eyes met the omega's blue ones.+

Suddenly the position they were in had more meaning, and seeing George in such a submissive form started a pool of heat in his stomach. 6

Mathias howled and started pushing for control, and Sapnap found himself lowering his nose to sniff at George's scent.+

The sweet combination of cherry blossoms and pears invaded the raven head's nose, and he subtly nipped at the omega's neck, in response George let out a soft, needy whine.+

Fuck that was hot, make him do it again, Mathias begged.18

Sapnap was about to comply but then his brain began to function again. What the hell am I doing?1

The Beta was so lost in his confusion, that his pressure on the omega's back loosened. Taking advantage of the opportunity, George whirled around and pinned the Beta to the ground, and held him there by the neck.+

Spanap lost all will to fight back when he felt George's teeth slightly graze the unmarked side of his neck, sending sparks flying through his body.+

Quackity declared George as the winner, and the omega released his grip. They both shifted back, and stared at each other with expression that clearly portrayed shock.+

George then reached for his necklace before running away, making Mathias whine a bit when the brunette disappeared from sight.+

Sapnap ran his fingers through his midnight hair, what the hell was that?7

"You okay?" Dream asked as he pulled Sapnap up.+

"Yeah..." +

Alpha? May I talk to you and the Beta? A voice called from their mind link.+

Sure Techno, where do want to meet? Dream answered his Gamma.3

The east border, came the answer.+

The two men then shifted and headed towards the location.+

"What is it?" Dream asked as they shifted back to their human form.+

"Wilbur's been reporting signs of rogues lately, and just a while ago while I was patrolling the border, I not only smelled a rogue, but saw several running away."4

"When was the first time that Wilbur spotted signs of them?"+

"A couple of months ago," Techno replied.+

"Alright then, have all on patrol duty pair up. If they spot any sign of rogues they are to inform you or us at once. Should they find rogues on our territory, they are to inform us before they engage. We don't know what these mutts want, nor whether or not they're dangerous, so let's keep our guard up and remain on the defensive."+

Techno nodded then they went their separate ways. As Sapnap and Dream neared the pack house, their noses picked up the savory scent of food.+

They rushed in to find George in the kitchen, humming and dancing along to a song playing from his phone. The omega was wearing an apron, and a huge smile decorated his handsome face.1

The sight seemed to please their wolves, and they had to forcefully tense up their bodies to avoid running over to hold him. They watched in silence as the brunette twirled gracefully around the kitchen, while continuing to cook.+

Eventually George turned off the stove, and poured the soup that he was preparing into a bowl. As he was carrying it to the table, his eye finally caught Dream and Sapnap and this startled him. Luckily he didn't drop the bowl in his hands.+

"You guys scared me," he whined as he set the bowl down.+

"What is this?" Dream asked, as both he and Sapnap approached the table to see the rather delicious spread in front of them.+

"Oh I just thought that I could make you guys dinner, as an apology for intruding in your home."+

"You aren't intruding George, we don't mind you staying here." Sapnap answered.+

"Still though, I felt the need to do something to show my appreciation."+

The Beta and Alpha looked at each other before settling in their seats. As customary, George waited till they took their first bite before digging in himself.+

"Gosh! Remind me to tell Antfrost that he doesn't need to cook for us anymore, do you mind taking over the cooking George?" Dream asked.+

"No, I'm fine with that," George replied with a small smile, that made Dream and Sapnap's heart soar, before feeling another wave of guilt crash against them. Damn it! This omega's dangerous! +

They quickly ate their fill, and thanked George before heading to the living room. The omega took care of the dishes before heading there himself, since he wanted to inform Sapnap and Dream that he was going to retire for the night.+

George didn't manage to get a word out, since a pillow came flying and hit his face. +

He groaned before picking up the pillow, and scanning the room to see Sapnap on the floor with Dream on top of him. Both held pillows, and were looking at him sheepishly. It appeared that they decided to start a little pillow fight, and George just got caught in the crossfire. +

George eyed them sternly, and the pair were about to apologize when the omega threw the pillow back, hitting Dream hard and knocking him off Sapnap. The Alpha and Beta looked bewildered at the strength of the omega's attck, while George burst into laughter. +

The brunette suddenly felt a chill go down his spine, and he looked up to see Dream and Sapnap poised to strike back. The omega took off running with the Beta and Alpha close behind him, throwing pillows as they ran. The house echoed with laughs and shouts, as the trio ran from room to room in their childish fun.+

George managed to dodge the pillows till an arm wrapped around his waist.+

"Gotcha!" Dream yelled as he pulled George close to his chest.1

Sapnap then approached the squirming omega from the front, and attacked his sides with tickles. George squealed as he tried his best to escape their joint attack.10

"Stop! Stop! No seriously stop!" he cried and the raven head listened. Exhausted George fell back, and slumped into Dream's arms. +

The trio were now seated on the floor, with George in between Dream's legs and Sapnap in front of him, all three of them pausing to catch their breath.+

"I haven't heard you laugh in so long!" Sapnap said to George, and the brunette gave him a small smile. It felt good to have fun with them again, just like they did when they were kids. +

The brunette tensed up however, when he felt Dream's nose lightly trail up and down his neck. "I missed this..." the alpha growled.+

Sapnap then leaned in and did the same gesture to the other side of George's neck. "You smell so good George..."11

Their wolves howled in pleasure, and George found himself getting lost in a lust-filled daze. He unconsciously released his scent, signifying his arousal and the two dominants growled lowly, before releasing their own scents.+

Dream and Sapnap continued to tease his neck, and eventually a soft whimper left George's mouth.+

The pair pulled back, and George gasped when he noticed that Sapnap's eyes were now glowing amber and Dream's was a dark green, indicating that their wolves were pushing forward for control.+

This snapped George out of the daze he was in, and he immediately pulled out of their hold then stood up. This action caused the beta and alpha's eyes to return to normal, and now all the lust in the atmosphere was replaced by confusion and fear.+

"Geor-"+

The brunette couldn't take it any longer, he quickly turned on his heels and rushed to his room. He locked the door behind him and fell face first onto his bed.+

"George! Open up! We just want to apologize!" Dream begged from outside his door.1

Aiden whimpered and George felt tears slowly run down his cheek. His sniffles could be heard from outside his door, and it broke Sapnap and Dream's hearts. The pair decided to give George his space and headed to their own room.+

"You're not mad?" Dream asked Sapnap.+

"For what?"+

"For me being attracted to him as well?"2

Sapnap scoffed, "Dream, if it wasn't already obvious by what just happened, I feel the same way too. I don't know why, and it might just be a passing phase, so let's just wait it out and see."+

Dream nodded his agreement and the pair snuggled together for the night. +

The next morning George snuck out of the pack house and headed towards the woods. He needed to get his thoughts in order, so he just kept walking around the area till it was already late morning. +

While George was walking, he continued to play with the necklace around his neck. Though it made sure that Dream and Sapnap didn't find out that he was their mate, it seemed unable to stop any attraction that the pair felt for him.+

The omega sighed and leaned against a tree, this is getting so hard...5

His stomach let out a grumble, reminding him that he hadn't eaten breakfast yet, so he started the long walk back to the pack house. +

Suddenly he felt like someone was watching him, and Aiden started growling. George sniffed the air and a foul scent filled his nostrils.+

Rogues...+

As if on cue, four wolves popped out from the bushes and surrounded him. Their teeth bared and bodies poised to attack.+

George stared straight into their red eyes, making sure to keep an eye on their movements, as he assessed his options. Just then one of them leaped at George, with teeth aimed for his neck.2

Meanwhile Dream and Sapnap were inside the office they shared at the pack house, dealing with paperwork. Antfrost had stopped over to deliver breakfast, and they left George's share outside his door, along with a note asking him to come outside so they could apologize properly.+

Alpha, Beta, Techno's voice called through the pack link.+

What is it? Dream asked.+

Rogues to the west of the pack lands.+

Dream and Sapnap immediately stopped what they were doing and exited the office.+

All leaders please check on your groups to see if they are all accounted for, warriors met up with Techno in the west and wait for us there for further orders.+

Yes Alpha! They all responded.+

Dream and Sapnap had made it to the front door of the pack house when Antfrost's panicked voice spoke up.+

Alpha, George is not responding! +

The pair looked at each other and rushed back inside to check George's room. They found it open, but no sign of the omega. Fear suddenly gripped their hearts as they rushed back outside, and shifted to their wolves.+

Please be okay...they silently pleaded. 1

They didn't stop running when they saw Techno and the other warriors waiting for them, and instead rushed past them.+

Alpha? Techno called in confusion.+

George is missing! Dream yelled back, as he and Sapnap continued to run through the forest, in the direction of where the smell of rogues were coming from.+

The warriors and Techno quickly followed behind them, all genuinely worried about the pack's so called 'baby.'+

As they neared a forest clearing the smell of the rogues grew stronger, and so did the familiar scent of cherry blossoms and pears. Sapnap broke away from the group and passed Dream, using every bit of his energy to reach the source of that sweet scent quicker.+

He suddenly came to a halt, and ducked as an unconscious rogue went flying above his head. It landed right in front of Dream's pure black wolf, who skidded to a stop, before staring at the beaten up rogue in front of him.4

The other warriors caught up and they all shifted back to their human forms. Several warriors moved to detain the rogue, while the rest continued on.+

All of them gasped when they saw George, still in human form, smirking at a gray wolf that he had lifted by the neck and pinned against a tree. Two other rogue wolves laid unconscious at his feet.17

George tightened his grip on the wolf's neck, and eventually the poor animal fell unconscious. The brunette then released his fourth victim and dusted his hands off.+

When the omega noticed that he had an audience, he flashed them all a smile. "Hey guys! Thanks for coming, but as you can see I got the whole thing under control." George said, proud that he finally got to show them what he was capable of.2

"Mate..." 15

That one word that came out from Sapnap and Dream's mouth, instantly crushed his happy demeanor as he slowly met their eyes.1

"Mate!" they repeated, this time loud enough for everyone to hear.+

The warriors and Techno flicked their eyes back and forth in disbelief that all three of them were mates. George's hand reached for his necklace, and found that it was no longer around his neck. He searched the ground and found it laying on the forest floor with its chain severed.+

George's breathing became erratic and at that moment only one word flashed through his head.+

Run!21

And that's exactly what he did...+

He shifted into his wolf and took off running at top speed.+

"George wait!" Dream and Sapnap yelled but to no avail.+

The pair then shifted into their own wolves, leaving Techno to deal with the rogues as they chased after their mate.+

George could smell and hear them getting closer, and in his moment of panic, he used his powers to control nearby vines that were wrapped around a few trees. +

The vines partially detached themselves from their host, and intertwined with their neighbors, forming a barricade that looked like a cat's cradle.+

Dream and Sapnap let out a yelp of surprise when they saw the vines move, but quickly used their claws to cut through. The vines did manage to slow them down however so George had quite the lead already, but the omega panicked when he heard Dream let out a howl.+

George lost his footing and fell, he tried to get up but his legs were shaking too much.+

Let me take over George, Aiden offered and the brunette quickly relinquished control. The wolf gracefully stood up, his eyes glowing an eerie blue, and a thick fog rolled in under Aiden's command. +

The wolf rolled around in some decomposing leaves to mask his scent and started going deeper into the fog. +

Aiden heard Sapnap let out a worried howl, which Dream echoed. They were calling out to George since they lost his scent, but the white wolf carried on.+

As they continued to run further away from their mates, they could feel every nerve in their body demanding that they turn around and go to Dream and Sapnap. +

Aiden gritted his teeth, they had worked so hard to hide, they couldn't get caught now. But what exactly could they do now? Keep running, then what? George wasn't ready to fend for himself in the wild as a rogue.+

When they reached the river that served as a border of the pack lands, Aiden stooped down to drink his fill. He need to talk to George, so they could plan what to do next. Suddenly his vision blurred and his legs felt weak.+

"I missed you too Tristan!" George replied as he held his friend close.10

Tristan pulled away then childishly pouted, "I thought with your parents gone, you would visit me more often than once a month."+

"Sorry, life's been a bit hectic," George reasoned out.+

"You wanna tal-"+

Tristan was cut off as a black wolf, and a timber wolf, jumped out of nowhere and headed straight for him. Their growls and teeth showed that they were out for blood.+

Tristan pulled George behind him and smirked at his attackers. With the swipe of his hand he had the two wolves pinned against a tree, by an invisible force.+

The black wolf snapped its jaws, while the timber wolf used all its strength to fight against whatever was holding back.+

"Wait!" George yelled as he gripped onto his friend's arm, making the wolves growl angrily at the fact that their mate was touching this stranger.+

"It's them!" George continued.+

"Oh!" Tristan gasped and quickly released the wolves, who fell to the ground with a thud.+

George ran over to the wolves as they shifted back to human form. "You guys okay?" the brunette asked, and he was immediately sandwiched by Dream and Sapnap.+

"Mine!" they yelled aggressively at Tristan, who stifled a laugh and tried bite back his amused smile.1

"Relax he's all yours, and sorry about that Dream and Sapnap. I've never seen you in wolf form before, so I thought you guys were rogues," the boy said apologetically.+

"How do you know our names?" Dream asked cautiously.+

"Oh right! You've never seen me like this," Tristan stated and he snapped his fingers. Flower petals once again covered him before they scattered to reveal a woman, but this time the Alpha and Beta recognized her.+

"You're that human that George is friends with..." Dream stated confused.8

"That's right, people at our school call me Tiffany, but my real name is Tristan and I am a warlock." The woman stated before changing back into a boy.3

"Why are you dressing up as a girl at school?" Sapnap asked.+

"I'm kind of wanted in the supernatural world, so I had to take on a different identity to escape being caught by the council."+

"What did you do?" Dream asked.+

"Accidentally killed my entire convent when I was 10, been on the run since then..." Tristan replied nonchalantly.+

Dream and Sapnap's jaws dropped open, and George chose this time to escape from their grasps.+

"Do follow me, I have some treats you guys can snack on before heading back home." Tristan offered as he floated towards the cliff, leading them right under the waterfall.+

He pressed his hand against the stone, and it opened up to reveal a tunnel. At the end was a small space, lit up by magically glowing flowers. The placed looked like the inside of a wooden cabin, and gave off a comfy feel.+

Once they were all seated, Tristan waved his hand, and in came a floating tray with little cakes and tea.+

"Help yourselves," the warlock said and the werewolves dug in.+

"Never thought I would find a warlock that was okay with werewolves..." Dream stated, and Tristan scoffed.+

"The supernatural world war ended centuries ago, our kinds may not be all buddy-buddy, but I find no reason to not be civil to you..." the warlock declared, before turning to George.+

"By the way George, is there a reason you came all the way out here to see me on a non-full moon night?" he asked.+

George gave him a nod and asked if they could talk somewhere private. Tristan led George into his bedroom and slightly closed the wooden door. +

"I'm sorry Ann, the necklace you gave me broke..." George started.+

Yes, it was Tristan who gave him the necklace, and this hidden home was also where the omega stayed every full moon night since his 18th birthday.+

"It's fine Georgie, it wasn't your fault."+

"Do you think you could make another one?"+

"Sorry George, but it won't work anymore..."+

The brunette looked confused so the warlock explained.+

"The necklace I gave you merely stops Dream and Sapnap from realizing that you are mates, by blocking any attempt of forming a bond with you. But it appears that you guys have already started forming a bond..."+

"But I don't remember doing anything with them..." George whispered out.+

"Nothing? No intimate moments shared between you three?" Tristan asked.+

"Well, they did cuddle with me while I was passed out."+

"That's probably when it happened."+

George sighed and placed his head in his hands. He then felt Tristan's hand on his shoulder.+

"Georgie... I know you are still mad at them for leaving you behind and treating you like a child, but you need to move on and forgive them. If not, Aiden's just gonna get weaker and weaker with each passing day that he stays away from his mates."+

George gave him a small smile, "Is there no other way?" he asked jokingly.+

"Not unless you want to suffer... you see, when it comes to mates who dislike each other, the Moon goddess fixes the problem by making it practically impossible to stay a certain distance away from each other. One of the worse cases that I've heard about, was when a mated pair couldn't even be in different rooms without feeling intense pain. They had to shower together, eat together, and sleep in the same bed, eventually their hatred turned to love."13

George looked surprised at this flow of information, and Tristan gave him a smile before continuing. "Now your hatred for them isn't actual hate, but it's more like you still feel betrayed, and have a hard time trusting them. So you guys can managed to be in separate rooms, but not in different buildings. Relax, this will usually pass after a few days, but till then you will need to stick close to them. Use this time to reestablish your relationship with them."+

George gave him a nod, and they stood to leave the room. +

When they opened the door however, they found Sapnap and Dream standing right outside of it. It was obvious that they had heard everything, and from the look on their faces they were not pleased.+

"You wanted to break our bond?" Sapnap asked, a hint of hurt in his angry voice.+

"Well, that's my cue to leave you guys alone, George take this..." Tristan said with a clap. A wooden box come out of thin air, and the warlock handed it to his friend. +

"You will most definitely be needing it soon," Tristan stated with a wink, before snapping both his fingers.8

The trio were surrounded by multicolored flower petals that revolved around them. When the petals finally dispersed they found themselves right in front of the pack house. +

George instantly ran inside with his mates stomping behind him.+

"George, why would you want to break our bond, what did we ever do to you? Will you stop being so childish, your hatred towards us doesn't make any sense." Dream asked once they were in.4

The brunette spun on his heels and faced them, "Well sorry for getting angry, after you guys suddenly decided to stop talking to me for no reason. I'm sorry for feeling hurt when you no longer wanted to hang out like we used to, and I'm sorry for feeling betrayed when you guys suddenly left to attend werewolf school, without even telling me or saying goodbye!" George yelled with tears gathering in his eyes.+

"Is it childish that I still hate you for doing those things? Probably, but it doesn't change the fact that it still hurts me! We were the best of friends damn it!" he continued before heading to his room and slamming the door shut, leaving a very stunned Dream and Sapnap at the entrance.9

George jumped face first into bed and snuggled into the sheets.+

I'm sorry for all of this Aiden, you can't be with your mates because of me... maybe they're right... maybe I'm just being really immature about this...+

Don't say that George, you were hurt, and it's okay to take as much time as you need to heal... Aiden assured.+

Thanks Aiden...+

Anyway, I'm curious to what Tristan gave you this time! It may be one of his tiny cakes that we love so much.+

You just ate+

You and I know that we always have room in our stomachs for sweets+

George giggled and sat back up, he pulled the wooden box closer to him and opened the lid.+

Oh my-24

George slammed the lid back down in embarrassment, Let's never speak of this.+

I do have a feeling that we will have to in the future, but I won't mention it till then, Aiden promised.+

George laid back down and his eyelids became heavy with sleep. As he drifted off he heard Aiden chuckle.+

Goodnight Kid...+

So deep in his sleep, George didn't hear his door creak open.+

"George? George, are you awake?" Sapnap called softly.+

When he heard the brunette's light snoring, he sighed and walked over to the bed, Dream not far behind. They both smiled when they noticed that the brunette didn't even bother to cover himself with his blanket, his feet were dangling off the bed, and the wooden box was still besides him.+

Sapnap took the wooden box and placed it on the bedside drawer, while Dream lifted the brunette in his arms. Sapnap then pulled the blanket back and the blonde laid George down at the center. The raven head covered him with a blanket before leaning down to whisper in George's ear.+

"You have no idea just how precious you are to us, and we promise to show you just how much we care about you from now on." +

Dream smiled and leaned in as well, "Goodnight George, we love you..."14

George woke up the next morning due to the ruckus coming from the kitchen. With a sigh he got out of bed, dragging his feet to see what all the fuss was about.1

"Dream, you're doing it wrong!" Sapnap yelled at the blonde, who was trying to to make some pancake batter.+

"Leave me alone Sapnap... hey, do you smell that?" Dream asked as the smell of smoke came from one of the pans.+

"The eggs!" the raven head yelled and ran over to take it off the stove, but he tripped over his feet on the way there. Luckily, George got to it before the fire alarm triggered.+

Calmly the brunette lifted the pan up and turned off the flames, he then proceeded to scrape the semi-burnt food out of the pan and onto a plate. When he was done, he turned to face the sheepish Beta and Alpha.+

"What are you doing? Did no omega come in today?" George asked in a tired voice.+

"Antfrost stopped by, but we told him that we wanted to try and cook breakfast," Dream confessed in a small voice.+

George sighed and walked over to the alpha to take the bowl of batter from him, "Go wait in the living room, I'll call you when breakfast is ready."+

The pair quickly left the kitchen so the omega could fix the mess that they made.+

George stared at the batter Dream made, and noticed that it looked rather odd. So he dipped a clean spoon into it and placed a drop onto his tongue. The omega cringed as the saltiness entered his taste buds.+

Oh Goddess! Aiden exclaimed in disgust. What kind of idiot mixes up salt for sugar! 11

Well he is an alpha... it is extremely rare for an alpha or even a beta to have skills in housekeeping or cooking. George replied as he tried to fix the batter. +

When he was done cooking, George called for them and they enjoyed their breakfast in relative silence.+

"About the rogues that attacked you..." Dream suddenly stated, making George look at him.+

"We tried to question what their motives were, but they refused to tell us anything. Don't worry though, we'll get information out of them sooner or later."+

The brunette hummed his reply.+

"Any plans for today?" Sapnap asked.+

"Just the usual training..." George replied.+

"Okay, we'll go together when our meeting is done."+

Just then there was a knock at the door. Sapnap went to open it, while George took their now empty plates to the sink.+

"Good morning Beta," a monotone voice greeted.+

The visitor soon entered the kitchen with Sapnap not far behind. "Good morning Alpha, and you as well Luna." Techno said.+

When George heard the last word, he nearly dropped the plate that he was washing.+

"Wh-what?" George said in confusion, and Techno tilted his head.+

"Aren't you technically the Luna? Since you are mated to the Alpha?" the pink haired man asked.+

"Well yes but-" 1

"We have yet to discuss titles Techno, and we haven't held the required ceremony of presenting our Luna to the pack. Till then you can refer to him by his name." Dream informed his Gamma, who nodded.+

George breathed out a sigh of relief. The fact that he was technically the Luna had never crossed his mind so far, and to be honest, the title scared him a little. +

He managed to calm down when the the three men disappeared into the office, and decided to head back to his room till the alpha and beta picked him up for training.+

When they arrived at the training grounds Quackity tackled George in a hug, making Dream and Sapnap growl lowly. Their wolves were not taking the fact that others could touch George while they couldn't very well.+

"You've been holding out on us man!" Quackity said, and George tilted his head in confusion.+

Cute... Dream and Sapnap both said through their mind links.+

I know right, Mathias and Derick agreed.+

"What are you talking about Quackity?" the brunette asked.+

"Those fancy powers that you have, the warriors want to see you in action." Quackity responded.+

"Oh okay..."+

"If it's okay with you, they would like to try and gang up on you. The goal is for them to land one clean hit before the timer runs out. You cool with that?"1

Let's do it George! Aiden said, and George gave Quackity a nod.+

"Awesome, guys get ready to face off against the Luna!" he yelled and the warriors cheered.+

George cringed at the title but proceeded to the center of the ring. He closed his eyes and shifted to his wolf form, trying to focus on every single sound and vibration of nature around him.+

He heard Quackity's muffled voice yelling that they could start, so he opened his eyes to see three wolves coming straight at him. Summoning a gust of wind, he pushed them off the court, before the rest started to close in.+

Spotting a nearby torch he used his powers to drag the fire out and surrounded the ring, making the other warriors back off from the fear of getting burnt.+

He smiled smugly, before Aiden suddenly warned him to duck. He did so and Dream's black wolf went soaring above his head. The two stared at each other, and the omega was acutely aware that Sapnap was also in the ring of fire behind him.+

Aiden started to push forward, but not due to lust...the wolf seemed rather exited. +

What's up Aiden?+

Oh nothing, this just brings back very found memories of me beating Mathias and Derick's arses back on the astral plains.+

Oh...George replied playfully. Would you like to take a few shots at them?+

Aiden let out a bark, and George giggled before relinquishing control.+

Aiden glanced back at Sapnap and smirked. He formed little fire balls around the beta, and sent them flying towards him at an alarming rate. The timber wolf managed to avoid getting hit, but not without difficulty.+

Dream started charging towards the white wolf, who made green vines shoot out from the ground and lift the Alpha into the air. Dream yelped in surprise, while Aiden let out a little laugh before returning control to George.+

Now this is a sight that I have sorely missed...+

George was laughing along till a sudden wave of dizziness hit him.+

Looks like I overdid it again, Aiden confessed guiltily.+

It was worth it though...+

So worth it+

George found himself falling to the ground, and so was Dream. The alpha let out a yell as the ground became increasingly closer. +

Suddenly the alpha was surrounded by flower petals, and gently lowered back to the ground. He looked over to find George, now in his human form, unconscious in Tristan's arms. +

Dream and Sapnap both shifted back and started to run over to their mate, but Quackity stopped them.+

"Warlock," he gritted out with much anger, the other warriors growling low and poised to strike as well.+

The hatred between races was integrated into their genes after all, centuries of peace was not about to change that. Especially since this warlock had their future Luna in his arms.+

"Yes yes, I hate you mutts with a passion too, but I'm here to help George not to quarrel with you," Tristan said dismissively with the wave of his hand.6

"Say the word Alpha and we'll attack," Quackity pointed out.+

"No, stand down!" Dream ordered and the warriors obeyed, shifting back to human form.+

The blonde and raven head then ran over to Tristan who gave them a weak smile, "Could you help me bring him inside?"+

Sapnap volunteered and held the brunette close to him. George unconsciously nuzzled his face into the Beta's chest which made both Sapnap and Mathias inwardly gush.+

"Couldn't you use your powers to teleport him back inside?" Dream asked.+

"He needs to know that you guys are near..." Tristan explained, "in fact, I think it would be better if he rested on your bed, since it has your scent."+

The pair listened to him, and settled George on their bed. The brunette whined a bit when Sapnap pulled away, before burying his face into Dream's pillow and cuddled with Sapnap's pillow.2

Awwww... Mathias and Derick expressed at the same time.+

"Can you stay besides him please," Tristan asked.+

They gave him a nod and laid down, sandwiching the brunette in between them. George let go of the pillow and wrapped his arms around Dream's waist.+

"What's wrong with him?" The blonde asked, when he saw Tristan pulling out random herbs from nowhere and mixing them in a cauldron, that had magically appeared in their bedroom.+

"He's just exhausted. He hasn't been able to use his powers that much, so immediately going all out drains him. Just let him rest and give him some of this, then he should feel better in no time," Tristan said handing them a vial, that he had filled with the contents from his magic cauldron.+

Sapnap lifted George's head and Dream poured the liquid into his mouth. George started coughing and soon his eyes opened.+

"Ann? What's going on?" he asked.+

"You went over board again Georgie. I think it's time you started training with your powers, but at an even pace to avoid over exhaustion." The warlock explained. "I can help you if you want," he offered and the brunette agreed.+

"Alright then, training starts the day after tomorrow! For now, focus on resting up." Tristan said and George nodded.+

The warlock gave them a wave as flower petals covered him again before he disappeared. Leaving behind the petals that turned into pretty sparks of light, that soon faded away.+

"Are you okay with us staying here with you?" Sapnap asked George.+

The brunette blushed and nodded, sending a wave of happiness through Sapnap and Dream's bodies.+

As the omega drifted back to sleep, the Alpha and Beta shared a look. By Goddess were they horny right now, since they haven't done anything in a while. Yet they pushed their desires and wolves aside, choosing to wait till George was ready, for the omega was worth it.9

Despite coming to a silent promise to hold off on any intimate acts with each other till George was ready, it definitely wasn't easy for Sapnap and Dream. Especially when their wolves were getting more and more horny by the minute.9

Damn, ain't that a pretty sight! Derick called in Dream's head as the Alpha and Beta stared at a shirtless George, standing waist deep in water. +

I bet his skin easily bruises, we could cover it in some pretty nice hickeys, Mathias added.2

The blonde and raven head groaned in frustration, as they tried to push out any sexual images that their mind was trying to come up with, before blocking out their wolves. +

"Your wolves giving you a hard time?" Tristan asked teasingly, suddenly appearing besides them, while keeping an eye on George who was still standing in the middle of the river.+

"They're getting a bit impatient," Dream confessed.+

Tristan let out a chuckle, "well can't blame them, you guys are being incredibly understanding towards him and I thank you for that, but you should try pushing the process a bit. You may want to mark each other before the next full moon, where your hormones will cloud your judgement."+

"You have any suggestions?" Sapnap asked.+

"A date would be nice."+

"So a fancy restaurant and movies?"+

"George prefers simple things." Tristan replied.+

"How about we start off with a run?" Dream suggest.+

"Good idea, we haven't done that in a while," Sapnap agreed.+

"Well it looks like that's settled," Tristan stated as he pulled out a red crystal cube and handed it to Dream.+

"What's this?"1

"Throw it on the ground once you're done with your run for a little surprise," Tristan said before turning to George. "Looks like the show is about to begin..."9

Dream and Sapnap turned their attention back to the river and saw a blue light emitting from the water around George. Suddenly the waters rolled back a bit so the brunette was standing in a circle of dry land. He then raised his hand and little blobs of water rose from the surface.+

Those little blobs soon took the form of different sea creatures that started to swim in the air around George, before heading towards his audience. A pod of orcas swam closer to Dream and Sapnap and circled their heads, before losing form and raining down on them.+

"Hey!" they yelled out as they reached up to touch their now drenched hair.+

Tristan started to chuckle besides them but their attention was drawn to George who was laughing his lungs out, the sound so sweet to their ears that they couldn't even pretend to be mad.+

"That's enough for today George, you can get out now." Tristan said and the brunette controlled the water to lift him up and bring him to dry land. Tristan stroke a match and George controlled the flames to grow and surround him and his mates to help dry off. +

"Well then, I'll see you guys tomorrow!" Tristan yelled cheerful, before going out in his usual style of disappearing in a cloud of flower petals.+

"George, do you want to go for a run?" Dream asked nervously.+

"Sure," the brunette replied, making the blonde and raven head smile.+

"How about this, we'll race you to the top of the hill where the old oak tree is." Sapnap suggested.+

"You're on!" George declared and they all shifted.+

Ready? GO! Dream yelled and they all took off. George surprised them by pulling ahead and nearly leaving them in the dust. Mathias and Derick scratched at them from the inside, begging them to speed up so they could be with their mate.+

Dream and Sapnap sped up and found themselves slowly catching up to the white wolf. In a sudden burst of strength Dream leaped up and tackled George to the ground.+

The white wolf snapped at him playfully, lightly biting Dream's ear and tugging it. George then felt Sapnap's wet snout press up against the scruff of his neck and directed his attention to the timber wolf, pressing their noses together.2

Sapnap leaped back in excitement and crouched down into a play position. Dream allowed George to get up, and the pair play wrestled their way to the top of the hill.+

Dream followed closely behind them, and upon reaching the tree he found Sapnap's wolf on top of George, the later was laying down on his back and the pair playfully tried to grab hold of each others' ear.+

Dream then walked forward and lightly licked George's cheek, making the white wolf let out a little huff. The blonde shifted back to his human form and took out the crystal that Tristan had given them.+

He threw it on the ground and out popped a picnic blanket and a basket of food. Sapnap and George also shifted back and walked over to the blanket, where the trio plopped down and enjoyed the food as the sun faded.+

"George..." Dream said grabbing the brunette attention. "About what you said about us abandoning you back when we were kids...we want you to know that we are sorry, and that we never meant to hurt you."+

Sapnap then scooted over to George and wrapped an arm around his shoulder, "On the day of your tenth birthday, we overheard our parents talking about what happened with the old pack. How a lot of people that they loved died, and we didn't want that to happen to us."2

"I guess we wanted to truly become the best Alpha and Beta in the world, and also be strong enough to protect you. So we made it a goal to become stronger, training as much as possible so that we would never lose you in such a terrible way." Dream continued, before cupping George's blushing cheeks in both hands, while Sapnap buried his face in George's neck.+

"But we ended up losing you anyway, we're sorry George... we never meant to break our friendship, and we know that this isn't a proper excuse, but if it means anything at all we want you to know that you were always on our minds." Sapnap admitted.+

Dream nodded in agreement, "the training program they had in werewolf school was rough and tiring. Our schedules were so packed that we could only make quick calls home once a week. But we always asked our parents about you, and whenever we thought about just giving up and coming home, we remembered why we were enduring all of it in the first place. To become strong enough to protect you and the pack."+

"We were so excited when we finally come home a year ago," Sapnap stated. "We wanted to see you so badly and we tried looking for you during our welcome home party, but you just glared at us and kept your distance. We didn't know why you were mad then, and decided to wait till you calmed down and approached us, but you never did... so we agreed to watch over you from a distance."1

"Please George, can you forgive us for what we did?" the Alpha and beta begged in unison.

George smiled and reached up to run his fingers through their hair affectionately, "I forgive you," he whispered out. Dream and Sapnap then wrapped him up in a tight embrace, and their wolves rejoiced internally.+

This is for the best, George decided, I've hold onto this grudge long enough, and it is time for me to heal.+

As they pulled apart George looked into both of their eyes, and his heart skipped a beat when he saw love practically pouring out of them. Dream leaned in closer and their breaths danced across each others skin.+

"Can we?" the blonde breathed out. George bit his lips nervously before nodding, his cheeks turning a darker shade of pink.+

The blonde gently captured his lips in a sweet kiss. As George continued to move his lips against the alpha's, Dream reached out for his waist and pulled the omega onto his lap.+

"George..." Sapnap called softly, and the pair broke their kiss so Sapnap could get his turn.1

Sapnap's kiss was much more intense than Dream's, as the raven head was a bit more rougher, not that George minded. When the beta traced the omega's bottom lip with his tongue, George immediately opened up to welcome it. He felt Dream leave tiny kisses on his neck and moaned into Sapnap's mouth. +

When the pair broke away, George was panting hard, his eyes glazed over with lust. Their wolves began scratching at them to keep going, and so they did. George continued to take turns kissing both of his mates, and when he needed to breath they would peck his neck instead. 5

Suddenly George felt Dream's hand grope his ass while Sapnap's hand slowly headed down to his crotch, and his body immediately tensed up.+

"W-Wait!" George stuttered out between breaths, and they immediately stopped.+

"What's wrong George?" Sapnap asked in genuine concern.+

"I'm sorry, I just kind of panicked," he confessed.+

The Beta and Alpha chuckled and pecked his cheeks. "It's alright George," Dream said.+

"We can take things at your pace okay..." Sapnap added, and the brunette nodded.2

Early the next morning, George was already in the kitchen cooking up breakfast for the three of them. When he was done, he headed upstairs to the room that Dream and Sapnap shared. He quietly opened the door and found his mates cuddling on the bed. 1

George's lips tugged up in a smile as he looked at their peaceful, handsome faces.+

I love you and all George, but staring at our sleeping mates is creepy.+

George rolled his eyes, way to ruin the moment Aiden.+

I'm just saying, besides the food's gonna get cold and I'm hungry.+

Uhmm we share the same stomach, and I'm not feeling hungry so how can you be hungry?+

Because I am not mesmerized by our mates' sleeping faces+

Look, I know that you are still a bit mad about being mated to Mathias and Derick, but you've got to move pass this phase...+

I will eventually, but for now hurry and wake them up because I'm starving+

Again, we share the same stomach! So if I'm not hungry then-+

George was cut off when his stomach suddenly grumbled, and his cheeks flushed pink.+

Care to continue that sentence George? Aiden stated smugly.5

Shut up! George said before he walked over and sat on the edge of the bed.+

"Wake up you two, breakfast is ready." he whispered gently.+

His mates grumbled and groaned, before falling back asleep.+

The brunette sighed, "Come on guys, it's time to wake up." he said a little louder.1

Sapnap groaned before reaching out for the omega's arm. The raven head gave it a strong and sudden tug, causing George to fall onto the bed.+

The brunette had hardly registered what had happened, before he found himself sandwiched between both of his mates. He was facing Sapnap, while Dream spooned him from behind.+

"Guys, come on!" the omega yelled in exasperation.+

Both the alpha and beta started laughing, well wheezing for Dream's case.+

"Good morning Georgie!" they greeted before they each gave him a kiss on the cheek.+

"Alright, now that you're up, let's hurry downstairs because you guys have jobs to do." the omega said as he sat up.+

"Actually, I was think about taking the day off, so we can properly hang out." Dream stated, and Sapnap nodded in agreement.+

"But what about work?" George asked.+

"It can wait, we want to catch up on lost time George." Sapnap said as he hugged the omega from behind.+

"Okay!" the brunette answered. +

The trio then headed downstairs and ate their breakfast. When they were through, George took care of the dirty dishes, while Dream and Sapnap went up to their room to shower and dress.+

Dream took a shower first then Sapnap. When the raven head had finally stepped out of the shower he found Dream seated on the bed, already dressed and ready to go. Sapnap quickly changed into his signature look, black long sleeves with a white t-shirt on top that had a fire print on it.+

Dream looked at him and smiled, "Come here, let me dry your hair."+

Sapnap happily walked over then sat on the floor in front of the blonde, before handing him his towel. Dream gently dried Sapnap's hair, making the beta smile at the affection.+

"So where are we taking him?" Sapnap asked excitedly.+

"Yeah about that... I haven't really thought of a place yet. Do you have any suggestions?"+

"Well, I remember as kids he really liked swimming in the river nearby, maybe we can go to the water park in town?"+

"Great idea Sapnap, then after swimming and lunch, want to head over to the zoo and see their panda exhibit?"1

Sapnap's eyes lit up and he nodded enthusiastically.+

Dream wheezed before reaching for Sapnap's white bandanna, and tying it around his mate's forehead. The raven head gave him a kiss as a thank you, and they left the room to inform George of their plans.1

~0~0~0~+

George was practically bouncing in the back seat of Dream's car. After presenting as an omega and white wolf, his parents had stopped taking him on trips to town. The only time he left the pack lands was for school and that was it.+

"Calm down Georgie," Sapnap said with an affectionate smile.+

"Sorry, it's been 2 years since I've left the pack lands to go somewhere other than school."1

Dream chuckled, "And I promise you it won't be the last."+

When they finally arrived at the water park, the trio grabbed their bags and went to change into their swimming suits. The water park had several large pools, with different themes and water slides. Needless to say, George wanted to test out every slide and pool.6

On several of the slides Sapnap joined him, while Dream waited for them at the bottom. The blonde may be very brave when facing off against rogues, but heights scared him to no end.1

On the last slide, Sapnap sat down with George between his legs. He wrapped his arms around the omega's waist, and when they were given the signal he pushed off. The pair squealed as they slid down, loving all the loops and twist they experienced on the way to the bottom.+

When they finally made it to the end of the slide, they plunged into the water and Sapnap helped pull George to the surface.+

"Did you have fun?" Dream asked as he swam up to his mates.+

"Yes! Thank you for taking me here," George exclaimed happily, throwing his arms around the blonde's neck.+

"Your welcome Georgie," Dream said as he tilted the brunette's face up so they could share a quick kiss. George then turned around so he could give Sapnap one as well.+

The trio then decided that it was time to go. After showering and drying off, they headed over to a small restaurant to eat lunch. Now most people would be exhausted by the amount of swimming that they had just done, but since they were werewolves they had much more stamina than the average human.2

So when it was time to head to the zoo, Sapnap and George were still bouncing with energy, much to Dream's amusement.+

They didn't get the chance to check out all the animals at first, since a certain raven head wanted to go straight to the pandas. +

"George look, that one is falling asleep," Sapnap whispered yelled, as he pointed to one fluffy panda in particular.+

George and Dream giggled at their mate's adoration for the cute bears. Just then something caught the omega's eye, and he tugged on Dream's sleeve.+

The blonde turned to see what the brunette was pointing to, and saw a panda merchandise booth nearby. With a nod, the pair quietly slipped away to buy something for Sapnap.+

A few days have passed since then, and George had officially moved into Dream and Sapnap's bedroom. They have not gone passed kissing just yet, and as promised Dream and Sapnap never pushed him beyond his limits.+

This particular day, George was helping out the other omegas in the pack's kitchen. They were cooking up a meal for the warriors, who were currently in a meeting with Dream and Sapnap.+

Doing this was one of the duties of a Luna, and by Tristan suggestion, George decided to try and ease himself into the role. He was still a bit nervous on taking on the title, but he wanted to support Dream and Sapnap with their jobs.+

When everything was ready and the table was set, George offered to call the warriors down to the dinning room. Antfrost gave him two trays for Sapnap and Dream, saying that maybe they would prefer to eat in the privacy of the meeting room.+

George agreed and head up the stairs to the meeting room. He knocked on the door, and heard Dream tell him to come in. He then pushed the door open to see all the warriors and Techno, seated along the long table in the room. Dream and Sapnap had stressed looks on their faces, but relaxed when they saw George.+

"Hello Luna!" all the warriors greeted with smiles, and this time George didn't cringe at the title.1

"Lunch is ready, why not take a break and head down to the feast that the omegas prepared for you." he said.+

The warriors looked to Dream for permission, and the blonde smiled.+

"This meeting is already over anyway, remember your new patrol schedules, and make sure to notify us if there is even the smallest signs of rogues."+

"Yes Alpha!" came the response.+

"Be safe out there, now go on and enjoy your meal. Make sure to the thank the omegas once you're done." Sapnap reminded+

The warriors once again agreed, and Techno guided the warriors out before saying his goodbyes to the trio.+

Once the door shut, George walked over with the trays of food and placed them in front of his mates. Dream pulled the brunette onto his lap, while Sapnap raised a spoon to George's mouth to feed him.+

Choosing to humor them just this once, the brunette accepted the food.+

When they finished the meal, George got off Dream's lap so he could bring the dishes down, but got pulled onto Sapnap's lap instead.+

The raven head inhaled his scent, and gave his neck several kisses. "Your scent always calms me down after a stressful day Love," he whispered against George's skin, sending shivers down the omega's spine, and making his cock come to life.+

Sapnap's hands ran down his sides in a sensual manner, and George let out a pleased sigh. The brunette felt Dream grab his chin, before the blonde pressed their lips together.+

Sapnap's hands continued to trail up and down the brunette's sides and chest, as George's kiss with Dream got increasingly heated. +

"George..." the beta whispered out, and George stopped the kiss to turn to Sapnap and give him a kiss as well.+

"May I?" the raven head rasped against the omega's lips, as his hands laid over George's tent.+

The brunette bit his lip then nodded.+

Sapnap smiled and recaptured his lips in a quick kiss, before slowly slipping his hands into the omega's pants. Dream quickly stood up and locked the door, before returning to Sapnap and giving him a kiss, while George watched them with lustful eyes.1

The brunette threw his head back when Sapnap's warm hand wrapped around his erection, and moaned softly when the beta started to stroke him.+

Dream then broke his kiss with Sapnap to look at George smugly. The brunette was trying so hard to hold in his moans, but Dream leaned in and gently bit his lip, making a moan slip pass.+

"Let us hear you George..."+

George opened his mouth, allowing all his moans and grunts to slips pass, as he drowned in the pleasure that his mates were giving him. He then felt Sapnap pull his pants down lower to free his erection.+

His cock was already starting to leak precum, and Dream trailed his finger along the omega's length to catch one of the beads to taste.+

"Looks like you're eating well, with your cum being this sweet." he stated smugly, loving how red the brunette turned.+

The alpha then knelt down between George's legs, before looking up to see if the omega was okay with what he was planning to do. The brunette gave him a nod as his breathing became more staggered.+

The blonde then took George's tip into his mouth while Sapnap continued to stroke him. A loud throaty moan left the brunette's throat as his mates continued their attack on his body.+

Sapnap slipped his free hand under George's shirt and twisted a nipple.+

"You like this George?" the raven head asked before biting the brunette's ear lobe.+

"Please..."+

"Please what George?" Sapnap asked mischievously.+

"Let me cum..."+

"Hmm I don't know...what do you think Dream?"+

The Alpha removed his mouth and smirked up and George, "One more minute Love, then you can cum." he then returned his mouth to George's member and the brunette whined in frustration.+

Sapnap removed his hand from George's length so he could tease both of the brunette's nipples at the same time, so Dream took the omega deeper into his mouth.+

"Please..." George begged again, his voice strained.+

"Not yet Love, a few more seconds."2

Dream increased his pace and Sapnap started to trail George's neck with light kisses. The brunette begged again and again for release, as tears started to pool around his eyes.+

"Come for us George!" Sapnap ordered, and the brunette screamed as he released into Dream's mouth.+

Dream then stood up, and shared a bit of George's cum with Sapnap through a kiss.12

Gosh, we got some kinky mates, Aiden said before George blacked out.8

When he woke up, he found himself laying on the couch in the room, and could hear Dream's grunts. He slowly sat up to see Sapnap going down on Dream in one of the chairs. He bit his lip at the sight as he felt his member spring back to life.+

Someone's discovering his inner voyeur, Aiden teased.6

Shut up, I know you find this hot as well.+

Dream let out a groan as he released into Sapnap's mouth. The raven head then stood and wiped his mouth with the back of his hand. George noticed how the raven head's pants were unzipped, so he figured out that the beta was returning the favor.+

Damn, I miss half of the show... he thought and Aiden snickered in his head.+

His mates then turned and smirked when they realized that he was watching. They walked over to him and he shot them a playful smile.+

"Did you enjoy watching us?" Dream asked smugly.+

"Very much," the brunette replied, and the trio shared a round of passionate kisses.+

"Never pegged you as kinky," Sapnap teased and the brunette smirked.+

When they sat down on the couch beside him, he got up and straddled Dream's right leg, and Sapnap's left one. He then reached down to palm at their semi hard erections, that sprang back to life under his touch.+

"I think it's my turn to return the favor," he stated, and their grunts of pleasure were all the permission he needed as he slid down to the ground, and got between Sapnap's legs first.+

His heart rate increased as he slowly undid the beta's pants. I can do this...he whispered in his head. His hands shaking from how nervous he was. +

The raven head groaned and reached down to pull the brunette onto his lap, much to George's surprise.+

"Don't want me too?" he asked.+

"It's not that Love," Dream started.+

"But right now our wolves are going crazy, if we do any more I'm afraid that we'll mate with you right here and now, and we know that you aren't ready yet."+

George was about to open his mouth to argue, but Dream stopped him.+

"We can hear your heart racing Love, and we know it not from excitement. Besides, your sweet scent is turning sour from your nervousness."+

"Don't sweat it George, we'll take it one step at a time." Sapnap added, and George cuddled closer into his chest.+

The beta and Alpha kissed his cheeks, before rubbing his back in a comforting manner as George slowly fell back to sleep.+

"Stop!" George yelled between laughs as Sapnap continued to splash him with the salty sea water.5

Sapnap didn't listen however and continued to attack the brunette, that is until he was pushed underwater by Dream.+

"Swim George Swim!" the blonde yelled playfully as he swam over to the omega and took his hand.+

The pair continued to swim away with Sapnap chasing after them. They then headed to shore where the raven head finally tackled George onto the sand, the pair laughed out loud till Dream joined them by plopping down onto Sapnap's back.+

The trio had decided to head out on another date, and George chose the beach since he had never been to one. 1

Once they managed to untangle themselves, they headed back to the water to wash off the sand then walked over to their beach blanket.+

Dream then took out some sunscreen and asked George to sit between his legs.+

The omega listened and the blonde began to apply the lotion to his back. George shivered when he felt the blonde's touches getting more sensual, and bit his lips to hold in a moan.+

"My turn," George declared when the blonde was done. Dream then turned around and George lightly applied the lotion, while glancing over to see Sapnap's eyes darken with lust.1

The beta and omega silently came to an agreement, and after George gave him a nod, Sapnap crawled over to straddle Dream's lap. The blonde and raven head started kissing while George continued to run his hands up and down the blonde's back.+

Dream then pushed Sapnap onto the blanket before reaching back and pulling George to lay down besides the raven head. They both bit their lips as Dream hovered above them, with a leg between each of their thighs, and his knees pressing up against their semi-hard erections.+

"You boys will be the death of me." he stated, eyes already clouded over with lust.+

He bent down to kiss George long and hard, taking control immediately and pushing his tongue in. His other hand went over to palm at Sapnap's tent, and the raven head bit back a moan. When Dream switched over to kiss Sapnap, his hand played with George's erection, making the omega whimpered with need.+

Dream and Sapnap's kiss was a bit more rougher, as the beta putting up a fight for dominance again. When Dream let out a low growl however, the raven head surrendered control to him.+

Suddenly Dream disappeared from above them, and when they looked around they found the alpha heading back to the water. Dream glanced back at them, shooting them a playful smirk, and the pair gave him a frustrated glare.+

"Why that creep, he purposely left us blue balled!" Sapnap whined.+

George was silent for a minute and the raven head wrapped his arms around his waist. "You okay George? Do you want me to help you with this?" he asked affectionately as his hands trailed over the tent in the omega's pants.+

"I actually have a better idea..."+

~0~0~0~+

When the sun started to set, Dream announced that it was time to head home. Sapnap and George were already clean and dry, so the blonde left them to pack up their stuff while he showered.+

They were already waiting in the car for him when he got back. Sapnap in the front and George in the back, so Dream opened the door to driver's seat and leaned back. He yelped in surprise when he realized that his seat had been pulled down to the lowest position, and glanced at his two mates who gazed at him lustfully.+

He gulped when George entered his field of vision and crashed their lips together. Sapnap then leaned over from his seat and quickly lowered the shorts that the blonde was wearing, free his now hardening erection.+

The raven head gave it an experimental lick first and the blonde bucked. Sapnap chuckled and shot George a playful smile, before taking the blonde into his mouth.+

Dream groaned into the kiss he shared with George, for once letting the omega take the lead and relaxing under their touches.+

His body became tensed when he neared his release, and he bucked and moaned when the beta swirled his tongue around his tip, while George licked the unmarked side of his neck.+

"Guys...I'm gonna..." +

And just when he was on the verge of releasing, both the raven head and the brunette pulled away, leaving a very flustered and leaking Dream.+

"We best get going Dream, the pack may start to worry," George stated as he helped push the blonde's seat into the upright position, while Sapnap tucked the Alpha back in before taking out his phone and pretended to be busy with it.+

Dream grunted with frustration, clearly not comfortable with his raging hard on pushing up against his pants, but he started the car anyway.+

George and Sapnap shared a victorious smile. +

Payback's a bitch  10

~0~0~0~+

The next day George was in the pack's orchard, helping the omegas harvest some fruit while keeping an eye on the pups. The little balls of energy would zip around the trees and laugh without a care in the world. +

George stepped down from the ladder with a basket of fruit in his arms, childhood memories of him doing the same thing as a pup with Dream and Sapnap flew through his mind, which made him smile.+

Suddenly they heard one of the children scream, and quickly ran over to see what had frightened the child. The omegas froze however when they saw a young girl trembling on the floor, with two rouge wolves growling at her.+

"Alert the Alpha," George whispered to Antfrost who was shaking besides him.+

One of the rogues suddenly leapt to attack the girl, and George's instincts kicked in. Shifting in a matter of seconds he managed to tackle the rogue to the ground and bit down hard, killing the beast.+

Antfrost instantly scooped up the terrified pup then glanced over at George's white wolf. George used his head to signal his friend to run, and Antfrost quickly turned on his heels and disappeared from sight.+

The other rogue seemed hesitant to attack, since it was subtly backing away to the woods.+

Not on my watch, George said as he lunged at the wolf and dug his fangs into its side. The wolf let out a yelp of pain as the omega moved his head, and tore through his neck killing him instantly.+

Several other rogues suddenly popped up, and George felt the hair on the back of his neck stand up as he let out hackles of warning. The rogues looked a bit scared, but still proceeded to try and approach him with caution.+

George tapped his paw and the ground vibrated, blades of grass suddenly grew and turned as hard as iron spikes, impaling several of the rogues. Suddenly a howl sounded in the distance, and the rogues immediately retreated as Dream and Sapnap came running towards their mate.+

"Fuck! George, we're so sorry that we're late!" Sapnap said as he shifted back, and tried to inspect his blood covered mate.2

Dream stayed in his wolf form, and growled at the direction the rogues ran. Silently debating on whether to chase after them, or stay with his mate.+

George shifted back and gave Sapnap a smile, "Relax, the blood isn't mine." he said then turned to hug Dream's black wolf.+

"Easy boy, it's alright..." he cooed, and the blonde shifted back and hugged him.+

"Goddess, we're pathetic! To think that you were attacked twice, and we didn't arrive in time to help you." the blonde groaned.+

"It's okay Dream, I'm not hurt." the brunette assured.+

The blonde let out a sigh and Sapnap hugged George from behind. The omega released his scent hoping that it would help them calm down, and they greedily inhaled it.+

Meanwhile, up on the hill was a wolf with fur as dark as night. A scar crossed from below his eye, down to his cheek, and his eyes were crimson red.+

"Sir, we found the white wolf..." one of the rogues announced, and the black wolf let out a huff before shifting back to his human form.8

"And yet you failed to bring the white wolf to me?"+

"He was more powerful than anticipated sir, and there's another thing..."+

"What is it?" he growled, getting more impatient.+

"He has two mates, the new Alpha and Beta of the Darkened moon pack."+

"Oh..." the man said with an amused smile, "how interesting..."+

~0~0~0~+

"Hmmm..." Tristan hummed, as he rewound the hologram projecting the rogue attack that just happened. +

They were currently in the meeting room with Techno, watching carefully as the warlock used his ability to show how the attack happened.+

"What are you trying to show us Tristan?" Dream asked, tightening his grip on George who sat on his lap, with Sapnap holding onto the brunette's hands besides them.+

"Try looking closer Dream, don't you see something wrong about the rogues' attack?"+

"They have the balls to attack my mate, that's what's wrong!" Dream declared angrily and George pecked him on his cheek, which helped him calm down a bit.+

"Okay, I'm well aware that it's been a while since you fought rogues, but what pattern do they usually follow when they attack?" Tristan asked.3

"They attack with the sole purpose to kill and cause destruction, they fight relentlessly till it's all over. They have nothing to lose after all." Techno answered.+

"Exactly, then tell me why all of them seemed hesitant to attack our Georgie after they saw his wolf?"+

The four other men in the room squinted as Tristan rewound the event again. Yes, it was true that the rogues seemed cautious, and by their postures it was clear that they weren't planning on killing George.+

"Were they planning on capturing him?" Techno concluded, and Tristan nodded his head.+

"It is obvious that they were trying to get him, yet they were not out for blood. So that is a very likely..."+

Sapnap and Dream let out possessive growls and pressed closer to George.+

"Guys...I can't breath," George croaked out, and they quickly released their hold and looked at him apologetically.+

"We already have high security, but perhaps we should put men around the hour instead of having once a day patrols?" Techno suggested.+

Dream nodded, "Please see to it," the Gamma bowed and left the room.+

"George?" Tristan called, and the trio turned their attention to the warlock.+

 "Perhaps it's time to try and find out more about white wolves, maybe we'll discover why these rogues want you..."+

"Elder Philza!" George called, as he approached the man with shoulder length blonde hair.3

"Good morning Luna and...Warlock?" the man said rather confused.+

"This is my friend Tristan," George introduced and Philza shook Tristan's hand cautiously.+

"Philza, we were wondering if you could tell us what you know about white wolves," George said and the man sighed.+

"I am sorry Luna but I have already told you all that I know. I unfortunately couldn't finish reading the book that we had back in the old pack lands, and have already forgotten the title." He confessed. "But, I do recall that Alpha Alexander was planning to make a library in the pack house, and I requested for the werewolf council to see if some packs could donate a few books. They should be arriving shortly, perhaps they have something."+

The pair thanked him and headed back to the pack house. They found a very confused Dream and Sapnap on the phone, while several betas were carrying a truck load of books into the pack house.+

"No, you did not mention this," Dream hissed with exasperation.+

"Sorry pup, but I did have a couple of bedrooms taken out to make the library remember." Alexander's voice crackled over the phone.+

"Yes I do remember you having work down in the house, but you did not say that it was a library."+

"Well then relax pup, I asked Karl to take charge of it anyway. By the way, how are Sapnap and George?" +

"They're good," Dream replied, just as George and Tristan finally reached them.+

Sapnap gave George a kiss on he cheek, and Dream pecked his other cheek. They had not yet told their parents about George being their third mate, knowing that their parents would rush home to gush and immediately plan the Luna ceremony. Not wanting to pressure the omega, they all agreed to keep silent.+

"Could you put George on, Jeremy wants to speak with him." Alexander asked.+

Dream handed the omega the phone, before hugging him from behind.+

"Hi dad!" George greeted.+

"Hey pup! How are you?"+

"I'm good, how's the vacation so far?"+

"It's been amazing pup, but you're going to have to buy a couple of shelves for all the souvenirs your mum is buying for you."+

George giggled and asked his father to give his mom his regards, before handing the phone over to Sapnap so he could talk to Andrew and Catherine.+

He then saw Karl leading the betas around, and directing them in an orderly manner. The brunette would become the Head of the Betas when he reached 18, and was already showing promise. +

George walked over to his friend, and Tristan used his powers to magically teleport all the books to the assigned room, along with George and Karl.+

Karl blinked several times, as if shocked by what just happened, before hugging Tristan .+

"Y-Yo-you are t-touching me," the warlock stammered out, his body suddenly very tense. He wasn't used to other people, besides George, touching him.+

"Thank you so much for you help!" Karl squealed happily, and Tristan awkwardly returned the hug.3

"I'm going to check on the carpenters, and see if all the shelves are ready!" Karl said before dashing out of the room.+

"Well, he certainly is... perky," Tristan commented and George laughed.+

"Now..." George stated as he twirled around to survey the mountains of book in the room. "How do we find a book in all of this?"+

Tristan shot him a smile and snapped both of his fingers, causing all the books to levitated and form a straight line. He then had the books slowly pass by them, so they could read the title. +

"Our very own magical conveyor belt," George commented with a giggle, and Tristan snickered.+

As the books passed their vision Tristan had them arranged into neat piles by their genre, so that whoever the librarian was would have an easier job organizing the shelves.+

"What about this one?" George said, and Tristan stopped the books movement.+

George took the levitating book and showed it to Tristan, " 'Legends of Old', well it's worth a try."+

George opened the book and started to scan its contents. "Look here!" he exclaimed and Tristan leaned over to read the passage that his friend was pointing to.+

The passage mentions how the first white wolf was actually the Moon Goddess herself, who descended from the astral plains along with several other deities during the supernatural world war, in hopes to stop the fighting.2

It mentions how the Goddess of Fate, who was in charge of connecting two souls together as lovers, made important members of the different races soulmates, hoping that it would stop the centuries old war. The soon to be Alpha of the werewolves, appeared to be mated to a vampire related to the Vampire Lord.+

The pair met in secret and fell in love. Unfortunately, all the mixed couples were pegged as traitors, and they were to be executed by their own people.+

After spilling the blood of a few of them, the heavens rolled back and the deities descended, stopping the executions from continuing. The war came to an end, but unfortunately the soon to be Alpha was one of the supernaturals who died that day. The lonely vampire wandered alone in his grief, and eventually was killed by a hunter. +

The story carries on to when humans started to hunt down supernaturals a couple of centuries back. Hunters came by the hundreds, killing every magical creature in sight. Witches used their magic to conceal themselves, and Vampires lurked around in the darkness to hide, but the werewolves and other shifters could not do the same. +

When it seemed that there would be no escape for the werewolves, a ray of light was given to several packs. The very first werewolves with pure white coats, who used their powers to keep them hidden from the hunters. Other packs and shifters who managed to escape, sought sanctuary under their protection and it was granted to them.+

When the humans finally came to the conclusion that they had succeeded in wiping out all supernaturals, the shifters separated once again.+

Throughout the years, whenever it seemed like a pack was facing certain dange, a white wolf would be born, and serve its purpose by protecting not only its pack, but sometimes its entire race.+

The white wolves were then considered special, but also a bad omen for the future.+

George stood there in shock, trying to process everything. He was born to protect his pack from an incoming storm, but was he prepared to fulfil this duty.+

"George?" Tristan called softly.+

"We need to train harder Ann," George stated firmly. I will protect my pack+

Tristan gave him a side hug, "You aren't alone George, when the time comes, we will all fight with you."+

On the days that followed, George amped up his training with Tristan. Which usually leaves him completely worn out, so he hasn't done anything with Dream or Sapnap for a while.5

The full moon was fast approaching, and their wolves were getting a bit feisty lately. So when Tristan suggested that they end training early one day, George was ecstatic. The warlock then teleported them to the pack house where the brunette showered, and changed before they both headed to Dream and Sapnap's office. They found the Beta and Alpha hunched over a map of the area.+

"Hello Love," they both greeted George with bright smiles, and the brunette ran up to them and wrapped his arms around them. They placed a kiss to each of his cheeks, which sent sparks flying through his body.+

"What are you guys doing?" Tristan asked curiously, as he peeked at the map.+

"We're planning to expand our territory. Our pack is growing fast, and we're running out of space." Sapnap explained.+

"How about heading towards my area. It's safe and peaceful enough, and I don't mind sharing." the Warlock suggested.+

"We were actually planning on that, but how would you like to become an official member of the pack?" Dream suddenly stated, surprising Tristan.+

"A warlock in a wolf pack? Are you sure that's a good idea?" Tristan asked.+

"You've been nothing but helpful so far, and you are very dear to George, so I don't see a problem." Dream pointed out.+

Tristan hummed, "I'll think about it..." he said.+

"Take all the time you need, but we'll begin planning the expansions in the meantime..." Sapnap said.+

Tristan nodded and disappeared with the usual cloud of petals.+

"Won't it be a little hard to keep the rogues out with a larger territory?" George asked worriedly.+

"Don't worry Love, a new batch of trainees got an approval from Quackity to officially join our ranks. So we aren't lacking in manpower..." Sapnap reassured.+

"I'm going to call for Techno, I want to personally tell him of the upcoming changes." Dream said with a sigh as he walked over to his desk, Sapnap not far behind.+

George watched them carefully, noting how both of his mates seemed rather stressed and tense. Aiden suddenly gave him a suggestion on how to help them, and he felt his cheeks heat up in embarrassment.+

Go on, I know you want to... Aiden teased.+

George cleared his throat and walked over to them. Sapnap stood besides Dream, who sat in a chair behind his desk. The both of them were discussing possible problems that they may encounter, and how they could solve them efficiently.+

George suddenly crashed his lips against Sapnap's, and the raven head moaned into the kiss. Their tongues danced around each other before George pulled back, and kissed Dream with the same intensity.+

Dream pulled the brunette onto his lap, and groaned when the omega rocked his hips. George then flashed them both a sly smile as he slid off the blonde's lap, and knelt on the floor. He then cautiously palmed at the blonde's member. +

Sapnap immediately moved to grab an extra chair, and plopped it besides Dream. Their eyes darkened with lust, and their wolves were howling with excitement.+

George then moved to rub Sapnap through his pants, and used his other hand to free Dream's erection. The blonde hissed when the brunette gave his member an experimental lick.1

Dream groaned and reach down to grip the brunette's hair, then gentle tugged so George would look up at him. Both he and Sapnap search for any sign of discomfort, but when they found none, their cocks swelled even more.+

"I may not be that good at it, so please be patient with me..." George whispered out.+

"Just go at your own pace." they both said, loving how pink the omega's cheeks turned.+

George nodded and Dream released his grip. George first turned his attention to Sapnap, and freed his cock from the confinement of his pants. He then spat on his hand a bit before reaching out to stroking the beta.+

Sapnap tossed his head back and let out a moan, which boosted the brunette's confidence. He then turned to face Dream's upright member, and continued to lick it shyly.+

Dream affectionately ran his fingers through George's hair, "That's right Love, take things at your own pace." he breathed out through pants.1

George then slowly moved on to take in the alpha's tip, slowly bobbing his head up and down, and taking in more, little by little.+

"Oh Goddess!" Dream cried out, as he continued to pet George's hair.+

George got a little too motivated by the blonde's reaction, and pushed himself a bit further only for his gag reflex to kick in, and he started coughing.3

"I'm sorry..." he muttered out, after his coughing fit had died down.2

"No worries Love, like I said, at your own pace." Dream reminded.+

Sapnap pulled himself out of the lustful daze that the brunette's hand job was putting him in, to sweetly caress the omega's cheek.+

"Want a little tip for deep-throating George?" he asked between ragged pants, and the brunette nodded. "Breath through your nose Love, and relax your throat."+

George nodded and tried out the raven head's suggestion, taking it slow at first, till he managed to fully envelope Dream's length.+

"Great job Love, you're doing so well..." Dream breathed out as he continued to pet George's head affectionately. "Why don't you show Sapnap how good you are Georgie..." he added.+

George removed his mouth and switched over to Sapnap who bucked his hips, as he reveled in the warmth of the omega's mouth. The brunette then used his hand to stroke Dream, who grunted his approval.+

Suddenly there was a knock on the door and George instantly froze. He tried to lift his head but Sapnap gently held him in place, while signaling him to remain quiet. The Beta and Alpha had mischievous smirks on their faces, while George cheeks heated up again in both embarrassment and lust.12

"Come in!" Dream said, as both he and Sapnap straightened up in their seat.2

Forgive me Technoblade (༼☯﹏☯༽)+

=0=0=0=0=0=0=0=0=0=0=0=0=0=6

The door slowly creaked open, and George couldn't be more grateful that the desk was blocking him from view.+

"You wanted to see me Alpha?"+

"Yes Techno, there's just a small matter that we wish to tell you." Dream replied, impressively keeping his voice steady despite what as happening under his desk.+

The Gamma approached them, making George's heartbeat race with each footstep. Sapnap subtly gripped onto his hair and gently pushed the brunette's head up and down his length. The omega took it as a sign to continue the blow job.+

Make them squirm and squeal, Aiden suggested cheekily, causing George to smirk.6

You know Aiden, you always come up with incredible ideas.+

George made sure to keep quiet as he increased his pace on both his mates, using his tongue to swirl around Sapnap's tip and doing the same to Dream by using his thumb .+

Both of them inhaled sharply and George smiled a bit, before focusing back on the task at hand.+

"We are planning to expand our lands... a bit further to make up for our growing numbers." Dream started after clearing his throat. His breathing obviously labored, and Sapnap was starting to pant.1

"We... will soon contact Karl to take charge of clearing the area, and the construction... We want you to make sure that they stay safe... from rogues." Sapnap added, pausing ever once in a while to catch his breath.6

"About that, so far since the last attack there have been no signs of rogues." Techno informed, completely oblivious to what was happening under the desk.8

"Hmmm...Interesting, we'll just have to wait and see what their next move will be. In the meantime... please discuss with the warriors on how they should arrange their schedules." Dream said, trying to smile naturally.+

"Wilbur and I can take turns with leading the betas' protection group. Tommy and Tubbo have proven themselves capable enough to manage guarding the gate. Then I can let Skeppy and Bad handle those on regular patrol." Techno suggested.+

"Sounds good, please inform Antfrost to have the omegas prepare meals for the betas during these time as well."+

Techno nodded then left the room.+

George shoulders relaxed with relief, but he tensed up again when he felt the intense waves of lust, his mates were emitting.+

"Trying to get us to moan while our Gamma was here? You're just evil George," Dream said teasingly, and George removed his mouth from Sapnap's leaking member.+

"I don't know what you're talking about, I just wanted to pleasure my mates." He replied cheekily.+

"Hmmm...if that's the case keep going Love, I'm close," Sapnap said, and the brunette happily complied.+

"Oh fuck!" the raven head yelled as he released into George's mouth.+

The brunette made sure to suck him clean before moving to Dream's member, that was starting to drop beads of precum from his handjob.+

Dream moaned loudly and bucked his hips a bit, before finally shooting his seed down George's throat. The omega cleaned him off then pulled back to breath, exhausted yet still horny since his cock was pressing against the fabric of his shorts.+

Dream immediately pulled him up, and Sapnap swiped off all the items on the desk, allowing the blonde to lay George on it. Their hungry eyes made the omega gulp, and his shaft twitched.+

Dream connected their lips in a rough kiss, their tongues gliding across each other as Sapnap pulled his shorts down, freeing the omega's erection.+

"You're absolutely amazing George..." They both said, before Sapnap took him into his mouth.+

George squealed and bit his lip, before Dream recaptured it in another passionate kiss. "Scream and moan for us Love, we want to hear just how much you love our touch."+

Dream then moved to the other side, so Sapnap had more space to go down on the brunette. There he kissed George again before lifting the brunette's shirt. He took one nipple into his mouth and played with it using his tongue, while pinch the other between his fingers. The omega bucked and moaned, pleading them for more.+

When Sapnap pulled back a bit to focus his mouth around George's tip, the brunette huffed in frustration and reached over to push the beta back down , but Dream stopped him by grabbing onto his wrist and pinning them by his head.+

"Let us do what we want Love, we promise to make this enjoyable." Dream said, and the brunette nodded.+

Dream continued to use his tongue to lick over the brunette's chest, while Sapnap bobbed his head up and down faster.+

"Please, I'm close..." George begged, tears starting to form in his eyes at the wonderful sensations that attacked his body.+

The Alpha and Beta grunted and gently flipped him over, so his was now laying on his stomach with his ass at the edge of the desk. His mates continued to pepper little kiss on his skin before heading south, where they gently squeezed his ass cheeks and George moaned loudly.6

Suddenly something wet circled George's hole, and he shrieked in surprise. He glanced back to find both Dream and Sapnap gliding their tongues across his hole to his balls, and he was grateful that he had showered before joining them in the office.26

He also noticed how their eyes were slowly flashing different colors, indicating that their wolves were trying to take over.+

His member started to leak as the pair continued to rim him. He warned them once again and all he got was a grunt as a response, before Sapnap's hand wrapped around his base to prevent him from cumming.+

Dream then straightened up and sucked on his two fingers, Sapnap moved aside and flipped George over again so he could see them. Dream looked up at the brunette as he teased the outside of the omega's hole, causing George to take in a sharp breath. +

Was this it? Was he going to be marked and mated on Dream's desk. George managed to get his body to relax, deciding to trust in his two mates and to willingly submit to them. +

He nodded to the Alpha who slowly slipped one finger in, and the omega clenched around it involuntarily. He had fingered himself before to help him get through the past full moons, but somehow having Dream do it felt so much better.+

Dream slowly moved his finger around till the omega started to loosen up, then he added another one. George moaned out when the blonde's fingers grazed across his sweet spot and the alpha committed it to memory. He adjusted his movements into thrust, to hit George's prostrate every time.+

Meanwhile Sapnap had gone back to blowing the omega, making George cry out for release, since the raven head still held onto the base of his shaft.+

"Please... please I can't...." George begged with tears slowly falling down, as he relished in the intense pleasure.+

Sapnap removed his mouth, and both he and Dream moved up. Sapnap kissed George's right cheek, while Dream kissed the brunette's left, then they leaned in to whisper in their mate's ear.+

"Cum for us George," they said as Sapnap let go of the brunette's shaft, and George screamed out as he finally released onto his chest. So intense was his orgasm that he ended up blacking out, but not before hearing his mates say the words...+

"We love you so much George."+

The next morning George woke up in Sapnap's arms. The raven head was still fast asleep, with a serene look on his face. George smiled and gently caressed his cheek, but blushed when he remembered the words that they said before he blacked out yesterday.3

He sat up just as Dream exited the bathroom, with only a towel on.+

"Morning Love," the blonde greeted with a smile.+

"Morning Darling," George playfully replied, and smirked when he saw a tinge of pink color the blonde's cheeks.+

Two arms then wrapped around George from behind, "No pet name for me Love?" Sapnap asked, his voice still husky from his sleep.+

"Yours is Dear, Sappy Nappy," George replied, turning his head slightly to kiss the raven head's cheek.+

"What are your plans for today George?" Dream asked as he crawled over to the brunette, to peck both him and Sapnap on the lips.+

"I'm actually hoping to spend the day with Tristan, all we've been doing lately is train, and I think we both deserve a day off." George replied.+

Sapnap and Dream frowned a bit and George giggled. "Jealous?" he asked.+

"Yes, but not at Tristan. We want to spend time with you as well George, but we got Alpha and Beta duties to take care off." Dream said.+

"How about you guys plan for a weekend get away? I'm sure Techno would be able to handle the pack for two days," George suggested.+

"Wonderful idea Georgie, we'll start planning right away!" Sapnap said.+

George gave them both one last kiss before showering and dressing up, then he called Tristan. The warlock suggested that they go to the mall in town, and the omega happily agreed.+

Tristan teleported them to the mall's restrooms, that just happened to be empty. Tristan then used his magic to transform himself into Tiffany.+

George giggled as his friend flirtatiously batted his now long eyelashes at him. He always did become more lively as Tiffany. Tristan may never admit it, but George knew that his friend loved cross-dressing as a girl. George was also the one who came up with the nickname Ann, which the warlock absolutely adored.4

The pair sneakily exited the restrooms, and spent the day just window shopping and chatting. After a while they felt a bit hungry, and decided to stop at one of the cafes in the mall.+

"So...Spill!" Tristan said.+

"What?" George asked taking another sip of his tea.+

The warlock rolled his eyes, "I know you George, there's something on your mind that you are dying to tell me. So spill!"+

George blushed and placed his drink back on the table, "So...uhhh, Dream and Sapnap said that they love me..." he started and Tristan muffled a shriek with his hands.+

"Oh My Gosh! Please tell me you said it back!" He said, excitement clear in his voice.+

"Uh no, I didn't..."+

"What! Why?" He groaned.+

"I kind of blacked out Ann..." George said, his face heating up.+

"What do you mean black out? Did you over use your powers again?"+

"No..." George whispered out, his face now completely red.+

Tristan quirked up an eyebrow till realization hit him and he gasped.+

"Oh I see, you guys went at it pretty hard huh?" He asked with a smirk.+

"Urgh Ann!" George groaned, making Tristan laugh.+

"I'm just teasing Georgie. So, are you trying to ask me for advise on how to tell them that you love them back? Because if you are, I'm just going to say that you should march right up to them, and just say it." He said before sipping on his milk tea.+

"No it's not that, and I'm really not ready to say it just yet. I'm just thinking about the full moon." George responded.+

"Oh yeah, it's a week from now, right?"+

"Yeah, I know that Dream and Sapnap want to mark me, just not on the full moon. Since they want me to be in the proper state of mind to give them consent, but..."+

"You're horny and you want to fuck?" Tristan continued, making George blush again before nodding.+

Tristan sighed, "George, one word, COM.MU.NI.CATE." He said, emphasizing each syllable with a pause and clap. "You can't expect your partners to read your mind, you need to tell them what you want so they can give it to you." Tristan ended.12

"But it's kind of embarrassing to bring it up..."+

"Just tell them that you want to mate now, before the full moon makes you guys go crazy." Tristan insisted.+

"I can't Ann! +

"Why not?"+

"Because I need to be..."+

Tristan couldn't hear the last word, "You what?" he asked leaning in closer.+

"I need to be dou..."+

"Huh?"+

"I need to be double penetrated okay," George finally muttered out. "We did some research on werewolves that also have multiple mates, and it turns out that we need to do it at the same time in order to fully establish a bond."7

"I know that," Tristan stated nonchalantly, "why do you think I gave you that box?"+

George blushed when he remembered the contents of his friend's gift. "But Dream and Sapnap says I'm not ready... we haven't even done it one at a time yet. I want to get them in the mood for mating without coming off as needy."+

Tristan sighed, "Fine, so want do you want to do?"+

George bit his lip nervously, "I don't know, maybe make them jealous-"+

"And I'll stop you right there!" Tristan spoke up immediately.+

"What? It could work, angry sex is better than nothing?" George pointed out.+

"No George, this will be your first time, so you need them to keep it sweet and slow. May I also remind you that you are mated to a  possessive alpha and beta. The person that chooses to help you in this plot must have a death wish." The warlock stated.1

George gave Tristan his best puppy dog eyes, "Well I was hoping that that person would be you..."+

Tristan started choking on his drink, before laughing loudly.+

George raised an eyebrow in confusion, "What? Come on, I trust you to not go too far, or do anything that would make me uncomfortable. Plus, you are perfectly capable of protecting yourself if all hell breaks lose."+

Tristan slowly calm down from his laughing fit, and looked at his friend with amused eyes. "It won't work if it's me Georgie."+

"But they got jealous the first time they meet you..."+

"That's because they didn't know me back then, but now that they do they won't believe our act."+

"Why do you say that?" The omega asked.+

"Because we are obviously both bottoms," Tristan stated with a smile, making his friend blush and look down.8

George sighed dejected, "Then what?"+

Tristan took one long sip of his drink, before turning his attention back to George. "I have a plan, but the outcome will only show after the full moon."+

"I can wait," George stated.+

"It isn't full proof. It all comes down to how much self-control Dream and Sapnap have. Also, you have to follow this plan to the letter." +

"I'm willing to give it a shot," George replied with a determined look.+

Tristan smiled at him, "Alright then, here's the plan..."+

George's eyes widened ,and his heart started racing with each detail that came out of Tristan's mouth. Even Aiden seemed to be a bit nervous of the warlock's scheme.+

Oh Goddess give me strength...6

~0~0~0~+

Dream grumbled under his breath as he watched George and Sapnap argue.+

"A no is a no George!" The raven head yelled angrily.+

"Please Sapnap, this is my only chance to see them..." The brunette begged.+

Well Dream couldn't blame the beta for being upset. George has been pretty distant since he returned from his shopping trip with Tristan. Not necessarily in a very bad way, as he would still talk to them or give them quick kisses, but that was it.+

Whenever they tried to deepen their kisses or initiate another session like that day when they had George sprawled across his desk, the brunette would smile at them and pull away.+

George also seemed to be spending more time with Tristan since then. Leaving to train pretty early, then only coming home at night completely worn out.+

The Alpha and Beta had both agreed that George wasn't ready to become official mates just yet, so they would skip out mating this full moon. Tonight they would have to be satisfied with a couple of blow jobs or hand jobs, but the brunette had other plans.+

Apparently a band that the omega really liked, was holding a concert tonight in the city about 3 hours away from where they lived. Tristan had somehow managed to scrounge up two tickets for them both, and would happily teleport them to the venue. Then they would spend the night at a motel before returning in the morning.+

This would normally not bother them but there were two main issues. One, that it was so far away, and now that they know that the rogues were after George, the pair were worried for his safety. Two, tonight was full moon, meaning that they would be super horny with their instincts telling them to mate, and they were not that fond of the idea of letting Tristan see their mate in that state.+

"This is so unfair!" George cried out angrily as he huffed.+

Dream let out a sigh, "You can go George," he said, making Sapnap glare at him, while George instantly leaped onto his lap and kissed him long and hard.+

Dream nearly moaned out as sparks flew across his body, and Derick started pushing forward for control. Just when he felt like he would lose himself, George pulled back and smiled.+

"Thank you Darling!" he said before getting off and wrapping his arms around Sapnap's neck. He then pulled the raven head in for an equally intense kiss. +

Sapnap instantly grabbed onto George hips, hoping to stop the brunette from pulling away. George smiled and turned his head, making the beta pepper his neck with little pecks.+

"Dear, Stop!" George giggled playfully as he freed himself from Sapnap's grip.+

"I'll be back before you know it!" George yelled, before excitedly exiting the room to pack an overnight bag.3

The beta and alpha pair groaned out in frustration, then Sapnap stomped over to Dream's desk.+

"Why the hell did you agree to it!" He yelled at the blonde.+

"Truth to be told Sapnap, we're both touch starved right now. I cannot trust you nor myself to not mate with George tonight, despite not having his proper consent. Besides, even if he gave us his consent he isn't ready to be penetrated by the both of us at the same time."1

The raven head huffed and slumped down into a chair, and Dream let out a sigh. Tonight is not going to be easy...+

Just as the blonde predicted, the minute that the sun went down, and the moon started climbing its way across the sky, the two of them were instantly hit with a wave of intense lust.+

Dream took a cold shower to help his boner go down, but it instantly sprung back to life when he saw Sapnap dry humping the bed, with his face buried into George's pillow.4

Derick pushed forward at that instant, and when Dream regained his control he was already straddling a panting and flustered Sapnap. +

"Dream... kiss me," Sapnap begged in a needy voice.+

The blonde connected their lips as they both fought for dominance, with Sapnap giving in as usual. Dream then kissed his way down the raven head's chest ,and started to undo his mate's pants.+

He froze when he heard Sapnap sniffle a bit, and instantly hovered over the raven head to see what was wrong.+

"I'm sorry..." Sapnap mutter out as he rolled over to the side of the bed. "It just doesn't feel right without George here..."+

Dream embraced his mate from behind and pecked his mark lightly, "I know, I feel the same way."+

The pair then laid back down, with Dream spooning the beta. They pushed out all the erotic desires that the night was giving them, and tried their best to fall asleep.+

When this failed, Sapnap broke away from Dream's hold, to grab George's pillow and placed it between them. The blonde smiled at his mate, and they both cuddled against the brunette's pillow. With the sweet scent of pears and cherry blossoms giving them peace, they finally started to drift off to sleep.+

Please come home soon Georgie...+

~0~0~0~+

Dream and Sapnap woke up with the expected morning wood. The effects of the full moon have passed, so what remained were all their pent up frustrations.+

With a sigh they showered in turns, then headed down to greet Antfrost who brought their breakfast. They thanked the Head Omega and were just about to sit down and eat, when a whirlwind of flower petals formed above them.+

A very happy George emerged from the petals and yelled out their names. Dream and Sapnap caught him as he fell, then pulled him into a tight hug.+

"I missed you!" George yelled excitedly.+

"We missed you too George." Sapnap responded.+

George then connected his lips with the raven head, and the pair kissed passionately. This kiss was very different from the light pecks that he has been giving them these past few days, and it instantly woke up Sapnap's member.+

The brunette broke away and gave Dream an equally intense kiss. The omega forced himself not smirk, when he felt the blonde's erection pushing up against him.+

"I need to go shower!" George said when they broke away. "I asked Ann to teleport me back as soon as we were done with breakfast, since I missed you guys too much."+

Before the alpha and beta could say anything, the brunette was already running up the stairs and into their bedroom.+

They didn't do anything last night, Aiden confirmed in George's head.+

Everything has fallen into place, so now we just wait, George stated.+

There's still a few steps to Tristan's plan.+

George grimaced, do I have too?+

Tristan said to follow the plan to the letter, Aiden reminded.+

With a sigh, George went over to the walk in closet that their room had, and retrieved the wooden box that Tristan had given him from its hiding place. He then headed to the bathroom and opened the lid. +

The omega stripped off his clothes then took the bulb douche out of the box. He filled it up with lukewarm water before heading to the toilet.5

These past few days he has been training with Tristan, but not with using his powers like Dream and Sapnap thought. The warlock took it upon himself to educate his inexperienced werewolf friend, on how to prepare himself for double penetration.+

Once he was done with his enema, he washed the kit and left it besides the box. He then pulled out a razor and some shaving cream. George felt his cheeks starting to burn from embarrassment, and let out a whine.+

George didn't want to shave at first, but Tristan insisted, saying, "Georgie, you don't want a hair to get caught in their mouth while they rim or blow you, right?" The omega was very surprised that his friend managed to say that with a straight face, and how exactly did Tristan know so much about this topic?2

You better hurry, Aiden reminded.+

George groaned internally as he started shaving himself, contorting his body into many difficult positions in order to get every single spot. He let out a sigh of relief when he was finally done, then showered thoroughly using Sapnap's shampoo and soap. +

After drying off, he quickly kept everything that he used back into the box, before taking out a rather large butt plug and a bottle of lube. He set the toy aside first, before lubing up his fingers and inserting one into his hole. After a minute or two he added another finger to stretch himself out. Once he was satisfied, he lubed up the plug and slowly slide it into him.6

George bit back a moan when he straightened up and felt the toy graze over his prostrate.+

Hey you beat your record, Aiden stated playfully, making George roll his eyes as he washed his hands.+

Yes, he did have a record on how long it took him to get ready. Tristan had made him do practice runs and timed each attempt. George was well aware that his friend was no prude, but he was starting to feel like the warlock was completely shameless. Tristan even had different size plugs ready for George to use these past few days, as to prepare his hole for this big one.  

George eventually got used to the toy, and managed to walk out of the bathroom in a perfectly normal manner. He re-hid the box then wore one of Dream's hoodies, with some tight shorts that perfect shaped his ass.+

When he returned downstairs, he saw that Dream and Sapnap were about to wash their dirty plates. The pair sensed him in the room, so they turned to him with bright smiles. Their eyes popped open in shock, and gasps escaped their lips when they saw his outfit.+

Unless they were doing the dirty, George was always properly dressed. So seeing the brunette in those tiny short instantly made them go hard. It certainly wasn't helping that the brunette smelled like them, which is a huge turn on for all dominant werewolves. Since covering their mate in their scent, is also a way of claiming them.+

They both gulped and opened their mouths to say something, but George beat them to it.+

"Let me handle the plates, you guys need to get started on your work." The omega said as he walked over to them.+

Their hands lightly brushed against each other, sending sparks running through both the alpha and beta's bodies and down to their groin. George reached up to play with the hair at their napes, while smiling as innocently as possible.+

"Go on now, don't you have paperwork to take care of?" he asked.+

Their eyes started to flash different colors again, and George had to bite down his smile. +

"Yes..." they breathed out in a daze, but growled when George removed his hands from their necks. +

"Well get going then," He prompted, lightly shoving them away.+

The alpha and beta quickly walked to their office.+

"I don't think I can stay in control anymore Dream!" Sapnap cried, as he plopped down in a seat besides Dream.+

"You got to try Sapnap, for George's sake." Dream responded.+

"He's practically asking for it. Coming out smelling like us, and dressed in those adorable shorts."+

"Or... he could just like having our scent on him. You know that omegas love to smell like their mates."+

Sapnap groaned, but tried his best to focus on all the paper work that they had to sign for their land expansion. That is until they heard music coming from the living room. Curiously they made their way down, and found George singing and dancing seductively to the beat of a dirty song.12

At this moment only one thought went through their minds, as well as their wolves, work can wait!+

George instantly found himself sandwiched between Sapnap and Dream. The brunette let out a needy whimper when he felt Sapnap's erection rubbing against his, while Dream grinding at him from behind.1

Their bodies pressed against each other, and George reveled in the warmth. Their scents mixed in the air, and Dream and Sapnap's eyes started flashing between colors.+

Suddenly the pair jumped back, making George whine at the lost of contact. Both the alpha and beta had their eyes closed, as they tried their best to regain control.+

"George, you need to leave..." Dream said.+

The omega felt like a knife had just stabbed his heart. They had rejected him...16

George knew that they were only thinking about his well-being, but it still brought tears to his eyes. Goddess I've gotten so soft...+

He was unable to stop a sniffle from coming out when Aiden howled inside of him, and his mates instantly wrapped him in a hug.+

"Love, don't cry... we aren't rejecting you George." Dream assured.+

"Georgie, we want to form a bond with you, but that means you'll have to take us both at the same time. You aren't ready for that yet Love, so please understand." Sapnap explained.+

 George looked at both of his mates, who each had a hand on one of his cheeks. Their eyes showed concern, so he gave them a sweet smile as he bared his neck in submission.+

"I am ready, please mark me and make me yours..." he quietly begged. 6

All of Dream and Sapnap's self control flew out the window at those words, and the alpha smashed their lips together. Sapnap stood behind the brunette and kissed up and down the omega's neck, leaving hickeys as he went along.1

Dream growled, and brought his arms to George's thighs to lift the omega up. Sapnap followed them as they made their way to the bedroom, where Dream gently laid the brunette on the bed.+

"Shit, we forgot to buy lube..." Sapnap pointed out, as both he and Dream began to remove their clothes.+

"There's a bottle over there Dear," George said, as he pointed towards the one that he had used for the butt plug earlier. +

Speaking of the butt plug...+

"Oh Goddess," Dream breathed out when he had stripped the omega of his clothes, and saw the toy buried deep inside of George.7

"What is it?" Sapnap asked as he walked over to the bed, with the lube in hand.+

"What the..." the raven head said when he too saw the toy. They both looked up at their mate, who merely smiled at them impishly.+

The Beta and Alpha's faces darkened with lust, and their initial shocked expression turned into smirks.+

"Hmmm... someone's awfully prepared..." Sapnap said smugly as he leaned down to kiss George's neck, with Dream doing the same on the other side.+

"Naughty omega, we wanted to be the ones to prep you." Dream scolded playfully.+

"I'm sorry Darling," George moaned out.+

"Hmm...kiss Sapnap Love. Show him how much you want him," Dream commanded.+

George instantly straddled the raven head, who smiled warmly at his mate. The pair locked their lips in a passionate kiss, moaning in pleasure as their erections rubbed against each other.+

George started rocking his hips back and forth, wanting more contact. So Sapnap decided to take the brunette's length into his hand. +

George tensed up and whimpered when Dream started to play with the butt plug, slowly thrusting it into the brunette and swirling it around. When it grazed his sweet spot, George threw his head back and let out a throaty moan.+

Sapnap pulled him back down for a rough kiss, and Dream removed the toy from George. The brunette moaned into the kiss at the sensation, before the blonde slowly guided his hips towards Sapnap's erection.+

"Are you ready Georgie?" Dream whispered into the brunette's ear.+

"Yes"+

With a nod from Sapnap as the final confirmation, Dream guided the raven head's erection to the brunette's gaping hole. The blonde poured some lube onto the beta's length before slowly pushing George down on it.+

"Oh fuck!" Sapnap cursed, as he easily slid into the omega.+

George shuddered, as chills ran down his body at the sensation of finally having his mate in him. The brunette then leaned down to connect their lips. Sapnap tightly gripped onto the omega's hair, angling George's head so they could deepen the kiss.+

"We love you George, we love you so much," Sapnap said when they pulled away, and gently caressed the brunette's cheeks.+

Blush crawled its way to George's cheek, and he tried to say it back but the words wouldn't leave his mouth. Goddess I'm pathetic...+

"It's okay Love, we can wait till you're ready to say it back." Dream assured, and pressed a kiss to the omega's cheek. "Are you ready for Sapnap to start moving?"+

George bit his lip but nodded.+

"Alright then, Dear remember to be gentle," Dream said.+

"No promises," Sapnap teased as he slowly pulled out of George. The brunette smiled brightly at him, as his eyes stared to flash between blue and brown.+

Sapnap thrust into him in one go and the brunette screamed. The raven head continued his movements till George was a moaning mess.+

"You ready for me Love?" Dream asked in a husky voice, obviously turned on by the show that the omega and beta were putting on.+

"Yes..." +

Sapnap and Dream nodded at each other, before the blonde adjusted his position to penetrate George.+

"Oh Goddess!" George screamed when Dream finally slipped in.1

The Alpha and Beta moaned, when they felt their members rub against each other in George's warm cavern. When the omega finally adjusted to their sizes, Dream started thrusting into the brunette.+

The sound of skin slapping skin, labored breaths, moans, and the occasional grunts, are all that can be heard as they allowed themselves to fully drown in pleasure.+

"Harder..." George mutters out after some time.+

Their eyes flashed once again, before Sapnap and Dream smile at each other.+

"As you wish Love," Dream whispered then quickened his movements.+

"I'm going..." George started to say, before letting out a frustrated groan when Sapnap gripped the base of his erection.+

"Hang in there a bit longer Love, wait for us." the raven head said.+

Dream continued to thrust into George, who was now flushed and panting. The Alpha and Beta felt their canines extend as they all neared their limit.+

"Please..." George begged.+

Sapnap glanced at Dream who nodded.+

"Cum with us George!" Dream commanded as Sapnap released his grip.+

George shrieked and shivered as he came onto the beta's chest. His orgasm caused his muscles to tighten around the blonde and raven head, who immediately exploded inside him. +

George's eyes were now glowing blue and his canines were out. He leaned down to mark Sapnap who does the same to him, while Dream claims the other side of the omega's neck. When the marks have been cleaned off George turns slightly, and gives Dream his mark.+

The blonde then pulls him off of Sapnap's now limp member, and lays him down on the bed. He spoons George, while Spanap and the omega wrap their arms around each other.5

Exhaustion soon takes over and they all drift off to sleep.  +

Aiden doesn't remember much of what exactly happened to him, before he arrived at the astral plains. He remembers it being so dark that he couldn't see a single thing, but it was hot. Too hot for comfort, and he felt a terrible pain all over his body. He couldn't breath properly, since smoke had entered his lungs.+

I can't let it end here, I need to save the rest of them... He remembers thinking as he tried to push his body off the ground. His arms collapse under the strain of his weight, and he finds himself on the floor once again.+

"Forgive me my Love, I pray we shall met again in another life where we can finally love each other freely. Please take care of my wife and my son..." he remembers saying before he feels the heat disappear, and his body suddenly becomes light.+

"I'm so sorry it had to end this way for you..." Aiden hears a woman say, but can't find the energy to open his eyes and see who it is.+

"Worry not, you will meet your love again..." She assures.+

When he finally does open his eyes, Aiden find himself laying down on a grassy plain, with the wind gently blowing against his cheek. He shakily stands up and walks over to the lake nearby. He stares at his reflection in the water, to find himself now a fully grown white wolf. +

"Hello, I'm glad that you're finally awake." A woman says, but her voice was different from the first woman that he heard. +

"I am the Moon Goddess, welcome to your new home Aiden." She greeted.+

Aiden spent his days on the Moon Goddess's island, exploring every nook and cranny that he could find, and occasionally trying to tear out Mathias' throat.+

The timber wolf always found ways to get on Aiden's nerves, and in only got worse when another fully grown wolf arrived on the Astral Plains. This time the wolf had a pure black fur and bore the name Derick.+

Derick and Mathias became instant friends. They found great pleasure in messing with Aiden, who would eventually loss his cool and use his powers to attack them. The trio would only stop when the Moon Goddess or another white wolf came along.+

The other white wolves welcomed Aiden to their group and taught him everything. They said that he and Derick were special, since they arrived here fully grown instead of pup form. +

When the Moon Goddess finally informed him that he would be sent down to earth, Aiden was ecstatic. Mostly because he would finally get away from Derick and Mathias.+

Or so he thought...+

Aiden blinked as the sun's rays beat down on him, signifying that it was now late afternoon. He tried to sit up but his incredibly sore body refused to move. Damn, they really tore George's ass up, he thought as he laid back down on the bed.3

Since Dream and Sapnap fucked George into oblivion, the poor brunette would probably be out of commission for a little while. Till then, Aiden would be in charge of his body.1

Aiden groaned, as he tried to focus his werewolf healing ability to George's sore hole. "Goddess! Why do they both have to be so big," he whined.+

"Don't complain Aiden, we know that you love our dicks," he heard someone say, and he immediately sat up. Wincing a bit from the soreness that was slowly receding.+

He scanned the room, and his eyes fell upon Dream and Sapnap, who were smirking at him playfully. Aiden narrowed his eyes when he noticed that their eyes were not the right color, since Dream's eyes had turn a dark shade of green, while Sapnap had bright amber eyes. +

Aiden grabbed the blanket and covered his still very naked self, then cleared his throat. "Mathias, Derick, I wish I could say that it is a pleasure to see you again."+

Mathias clutched at his chest, as if he was genuinely hurt by Aiden's words.+

"That's just cold Aiden, don't you love us?" he asked.+

Aiden snorted, then tied the blanket around his waist. He then stood up, and walked over to them. "We may be mates, but that doesn't make me forget all the shit you pulled on me back home," he gritted out, before pushing past them and heading into the bathroom.+

He dropped the blanket on the floor, making a mental note to wash it later since it smelled of sex, then stepped into the shower. He turned it on and was waiting for the water to heat up, when the shower curtain suddenly got pulled back, revealing a still smirking and stark naked Mathias and Derick.+

"Mind if we join you?" Derick asked mischievously.4

"I do actually, so if you could kindly fuck off and wait your turn," Aiden stated as he closed the curtain once again.+

Just as the water started turning warm, he heard the curtain get pulled back a bit. With a sigh, Aiden glanced back and saw Mathias and Derick peeping in.+

"Seriously?" Aiden breathed out annoyed.+

"Come on Aiden, it will help save water." Derick argued.1

Aiden sighed, "Fine, but no funny business." He said before turning his attention back to his shower.+

He felt fingers trace down each of the marks on his neck, and jumped a bit in surprise before twirling around to face his mates.+

"Sorry, couldn't resist. They just look so perfect on you..." Derick said, his eyes clouding over with lust and Mathias was no different.+

Aiden hated how his member was reacting to them, and quickly turned away.+

"Aiden don't be shy, please let us see you," Mathias begged.+

"You can see me just fine Mat, now let me shower in peace." came the response as he reached over to grab George's soap and shampoo, only for Derick to beat him to it.+

"Allow us," Derick said as he handed the soap to Mathias.+

Aiden tried to argue, but the minute that their hands touched his skin he melted. I hate this...he declared.+

No you don't, Mathias answered.+

How are you in my head? +

We have finally mated Love, and you are currently using our mate mind link, Derick answered and Aiden blocked them both out.+

"Now that's a bit excessive Love. What if you need to contact us?" Mathias said with a sigh.+

"Then I will unblock you if necessary, and don't call me that."+

"Call you what, Love?"+

"That, stop calling me Love. George may like it, but I don't."+

Derick smiled at him smugly, "You're lying," he whispered into Aiden's ear.+

"Admitted it Aiden, you love it when we show you affection," Mathias whispered into his other ear.+

"No I don't," Aiden argued, his breathing becoming heavy with them so close to him.+

"I believe that he disagrees with your statement," Derick said, pointing down to Aiden's half hard member.+

Aiden cursed under his breath and quickly tried to finish his shower. He flinched when he felt Derick and Mathias' hands slowly trailing down his sides. When their lips started to press against his skin, his knees went weak.+

"Let us pamper you Aiden, let us show you how much you mean to us..." Derick whispered into his ear, breaking Aiden's resolve so easily. 6

"Mat, Rick..." he breathed out, as lust started to cloud over his senses.+

"Yes Aiden?" they both asked playfully.+

"More..." he said, surprising not only himself but his mates as well.+

"If that's what you want..." Mathias started.+

"Then we'll give it to you," Derick said.+

=0=0=0=0=0=0=+

Hmm... doesn't Aiden's backstory sound familiar to those of you who have read my other books on my first account? (¬ -̮ ¬)15

Can you guess who he used to be, and where is he from?  And I wonder why he and Derick are special enough to arrive as fully grown wolves on the Moon Goddess' Island...  2

They both turned him around, and Derick was first to claim his lips. Aiden met each kiss with fervor, before pulling away so Mathias could get his turn.3

"I hate you guys so much," Aiden rasped out against Mathias' lips, making both him and Derick smirk.+

"Sure you do," Mathias states with sarcasm, as he lifted Aiden up and pinned him to the wall.+

"I really do," Aiden breathed out, before gasping when Derick sucked on his mark. "I hate how you guys messed with me back home, I hate that the Goddess decided to put us in the same vicinity here on earth, I hate how she made us mates..." +

Aiden paused to throw his head back, when Mathias encircled his length with his warm hand. "What else Love, what else do you hate?" he asked huskily.+

"I hate...I hate..." Aiden repeated, trying not to lose himself when Mathias started to stroke him.+

"I hate how you guys can make me melt with a single touch now," he whimpered out. +

Derick and Mathias beamed and kissed his cheeks, "go on Love, tell us more..."+

"I hate how a kiss from you is enough to get my heart racing. I hate how I want to stay in your arms forever, and how-" Aiden's body tensed when he felt so close to release, due to all the stimulation his mates were giving him.+

"Go on..." Derick probed.+

Aiden whimpered, "I hate how I'm actually starting to like you..."+

Derick and Mathias growled, pleased with his words. They shut off the water then Mathias carried Aiden out and placed him on the sink's counter, where they helped him dry off.+

"Be honest Love, who's idea was it to shave and use that butt plug yesterday?" Derick asked as he helped dry Aiden's hair.+

Aiden blushed, "Tristan's"+

Derick and Mathias then straightened up and gave Aiden a look that meant, 'elaborate.'+

Aiden sighed, "Well...George and I were getting a bit frustrated that we haven't mated yet, and we knew that you guys wouldn't want to do it on full moon, or anytime soon because you thought we weren't ready for it. So we talked to Tristan and he helped us prepare ourselves, including how to get you guys horny enough to agree to mating. There was no concert, we lied and spent the night at Tristan's"+

"So touch starving us, and disappearing on full moon night was all part of the plan?" Mathias asked and Aiden nodded.+

"We also used the time to get ourselves used to the concept of being penetrated. I'm sorry, please don't get mad at Tristan."+

"Oh Love, we aren't mad. In fact, we need to make sure that Dream and Sapnap thank him, but the fact remains that we didn't get to prep you..." Mathias said in feign sadness, as he spread Aiden's legs and used his finger to play around Aiden's hole.+

"You healed this area up right? Are you nice and tight for us yet?" Derick asked smugly, and Aiden nodded.+

"Do you need time to prepare a bit Love?" They asked, and Aiden gave them another nod.+

"Alright then, we'll wait for you on the bed."+

Aiden rushed out to find the wooden box again, and did his preparation quickly. He didn't have to hide the contents of the box anymore, so he left the container by the sink.+

Aiden shyly stood by the doorway, and he could feel his mates' lustful eyes on him. Derick was the one who walked over to him and carried him to bed.+

"If you want us to stop at anytime Love, just tell us..." he reminded and Aiden gave him a warm smile.+

Mathias wrapped his arms around Aiden's waist, then started to suck and kiss his neck. The omega tilted his head back and let out a shaky breath. He rested his head on Mathias' shoulder as his mate left little hickeys, then turned his head a bit to capture the beta's lips.3

Aiden shifted around so he now sat on Mathias' lap, while their kiss got increasingly heated. Meanwhile Derick paid attention to Aiden's nape, leaving a trail of kisses down to his spine then up again. +

The white wolf moaned, then felt Mathias' hands traveling down to his ass. Before the beta could cup them however, Aiden surprised the Beta by grabbing onto his wrist, pushing him down on the bed, and pinning his hands above his head.+

"Naughty Omega," Mathias teased in a sultry voice, and the omega responded with a cheeky smile. Derick knew what was about to happen and back up a bit. Seconds later, Mathias flipped himself and Aiden around, so that he was the one on top.+

  Aiden just gave Mathias a mischievous smile, but took in a sharp breath when the beta leaned in to whisper in his ear. "Seems like you need a reminder on who's in charge, my Love."+

"That would be me Dear," Aiden replied smugly, before trying to flip them over again, but Mathias had him pinned down firmly.+

"Our mate still has a hard time accepting that he is the submissive in this relationship..." Derick declared with a smirk, before sharing a nod with Mathias.+

Mathias got off Aiden, and Derick gently pulled him to the edge of the bed, before pecking his lips "On your hands and knees Love," he commanded with such authority that Aiden quickly complied.+

"Mat," Derick called, getting his other mate's attention. "Have fun..." he continued in a sly voice.+

Mathias shot him a mischievous smile, then went to stand in front of Aiden, while Derick kneeled behind him. Derick kissed the omega's back again, before grabbing onto Aiden's hips and flattening his tongue against his hole.+

"Oh fuck!" Aiden cried out as he gripped onto the sheets.+

"Aiden, open your mouth for me." Mathias said, and the omega did as requested.+

Mathias slid his length into Aiden's mouth, "If you want us to stop, just tap the bed okay."+

Aiden hummed his reply, sending vibrations down Mathis' member. Aiden surprised the beta by taking in all of his length in one go, while pushing back towards Derick so the Alpha could rim him better. Derick hums, and starts adding his fingers into his assault on the omega's hole.1

"I think he's ready," Derick declared after a while. He grabbed a bottle of lube, and poured some onto his member.+

As Mathias started to thrust into Aiden's mouth, Derick entered him from behind. Moans and grunts escaped their lips as Aiden tightens around Derick, while flicking his tongue over Mathias' shaft. Once the omega finally adjusted to Derick's size, the alpha started to thrust in sync with Mathias. +

The trio soon finds themselves on the edge, and Aiden lets go of Mathias' member to express he need for release. +

"You can come anytime you want Love." Derick says.+

Aiden retakes Mathias into his mouth, and after a few more seconds he releases his load onto the sheets. His orgasm is the undoing of his mates as well, and they both shot into his caverns.+

Derick pulls Aiden back onto the bed for cuddles, and Mathias joins them.+

"We love you Aiden..." they whisper just as they all drift off to sleep again. +

=0=0=0=0=0=0=0=+

Hey guys!+

 Hope you all are having a good day,  and if not I hope this chapter managed to cheer you up a bit. (ﾉ◕ヮ◕)ﾉ*:･ﾟ✧1

So I have a bit of bad news... +

Starting next week, I'm going  to change my upload schedule for this book to 1 chapter every week, and for Olympian Syndrome will only be 2-3 chapters per week.1

I'm really sorry, but I'm very swamped with school work right now1

I have to write 45 short essays(Seriously, are they trying to kill us?) as one of the requirements in a subject, and there are several more assignments that I need to do in that subject alone.  Plus, I have to write a Thesis for another subject. (ㄒoㄒ)2

I promised that once things get less hectic, I will return to my usual upload schedule (^‿^)1

+

+

George holds his breath, as he tries to focus on the swirling tornado of flames encircling him. Eventually he couldn't control the fire tornado anymore and the flames slowly dissipated, making him sigh in disappointment.+

"That was good George, you're getting there." Tristan complimented.+

"I still can't get fire and earth that well..." George said, trying to catch his breath.1

"You will soon, but maybe you should ask Sapnap and Dream to take it easy on you at night. You look like you haven't had a good night's sleep since you three mated." Tristan teased with a smirk.2

"Shut up Ann!" George yells in embarrassment, making Tristan laugh.+

Well it was true... Since they mated Dream and Sapnap have been insatiable, especially Sapnap. It appears that the Beta prefers topping over bottoming, but George doesn't mind since the raven head tends to be a bit rougher than Dream. Something that the omega has discovered that he rather likes.+

"Though seriously George, you have been really tired lately. Are you okay?"+

George was about to say yes when he suddenly felt nauseous. He ran behind a bush to empty his stomach, as Tristan gently rubbed his back.16

"Here drink this," Tristan said handing him a small vial.+

George drank the contents, and smiled a bit when he started to feel better.+

"Hmmm...well it has been a little over two months," Tristan muttered out.+

"What?" George asked.+

"I think you should let Red check you up." Tristan said, ignoring the question.+

"Can't you tell what's wrong with me?" George asked, since warlocks and witches had that ability.+

"Well yes, but I think it's best if you heard it from Red." Tristan replied with a smile. The warlock then snapped his fingers, and George found himself inside Red's clinic.1

He started looking around for the doctor, and heard some muffled voices. So he headed in that direction. There he found Red sitting in his chair, with Antfrost on his lap, and the pair were locked in a passionate kiss.+

"Oh Goddess!" he yelled and quickly turned around, "I'm so sorry!"+

Antfrost and Red giggled. The former slid off his mate's lap, and gave him one last peck.+

"We'll continue this later," Red growled playfully in Antfrost's ear, and the omega giggled again.3

"Bye George!" Antfrost said before leaving his mate's office.+

"What can I do for you today Luna?" Red asked with an amused sparkle in his eyes.+

George tried to get his blushing under control, before explaining to the doctor about the situation. Red frowned a bit, then quickly asked George to lay down so he could start the examination.+

After a couple of test, Red returned with the results and a bright smile. "Congratulations Luna! You're pregnant! And from the symptoms I can say you're about 6 weeks in!" 10

George eyes widen in shock and his hands flew to his stomach. Pregnant? A Pup?+

Breath Georgie, relax, Aiden reminded. The omega took in a deep breath before feeling his lips tug up in a smile.+

"Would you like me to check on it?" Red offers pointing towards the ultrasound machine.+

George nods excitedly, and Red moves quickly to set everything up.+

"There," Red says as he points to a little figure displayed on the screen.+

George feels tears start to gather in his eyes, and immediately says yes when Red asked if he wanted a photo. After a few reminders on his diet and activities, Red sends him home with a smile.+

George rushes home with the picture held close to his chest. So caught up in his excitement, he failed to notice that he was being watched till it was too late.+

A hand came over his mouth and his vision was taken away. Before he could even try to contact Dream or Sapnap, he was knocked unconscious.  8

~0~0~0~+

Dream rubbed at his chest with a frown.+

"Something wrong?" Techno asked.+

"My chest just feels heavy for some reason..." The alpha explained.+

"You too?" Sapnap asked, as he rubbed his own chest.+

Suddenly Tristan burst into the room, dressed as Tiffany and a wide smile on his face. "Hey bitches! Where's Georgie? I want to take him out shopping for things that he will need very soon." He said happily. There was so much to get ready, and he wanted to make sure that George would have everything that he would need to take care of the pup.+

"Wasn't he with you?" Dream asks.+

"Well yes, but he was feeling a little sick so I sent him over to Red!" He said with an excited giggle.+

"Sick?" Sapnap repeated concerned. "Why didn't he tells us?"+

"Wait, so he isn't back yet?" Tristan asked, suddenly sounding worried.+

Dream and Sapnap nodded, and the warlock frowned.+

"That's odd.... Red's office isn't that far away from here."+

"Alpha! Alpha!" a couple of voices yelled, and two boys burst into the room.+

"Tommy, Tubbo? What is it?" Dream asked.+

"Wilbur found signs of rogues on the pack lands again!" +

"Show us where," Dream said as he, Sapnap, and Techno stood up to follow the boys, with Tristan not far behind them.+

Dream sent out another alert, to make sure that all the Heads could check on their members.+

Alpha? Did George arrive back home safely? Antfrost asked.+

No, he was last seen with Red.+

Red told me that he left the office already, and should have been home by now. Came the response.+

Sapnap and Dream looked at each other with worry, but continued to head over to where Wilbur was waiting.+

"I found this on the ground," Wilbur said, as he handed a sonogram to Dream and Sapnap.1

Tristan gasped and all the men turned to face him. The warlock's face was pale and he started zooming around the area.+

"George! George! Answer me! Where are you!" he yelled as he flew from corner to corner in panic.+

"Tristan calm down!" Dream commanded as he grabbed onto the warlock's arm to stop him as he flew by him.+

"We have to find George!" he insisted.+

"What are you talking about? What is George's connection to this picture?" Sapnap asked+

"George is pregnant, and that sonogram is the picture of his child."+

~0~0~0~+

George blinked as he tried to get his eyes to focus. He found himself in a cell with chains linking him to the floor. He tried to break them open but couldn't.+

Wolfsbane, Aiden grunted out.+

Are you okay Aiden? Knowing the effects that the weed had on their wolves. Normally they wouldn't even be able to contact their wolves, but being a white wolf had its privileges.+

I'm fine, but I think we better find a way to get back to our mates. Or they'll end up getting blue balled tonight.+

George let out a small chuckle, before looking around the cell for a way to escape. Just then he heard someone approach, and he shrunk back into the corner of his cell.+

He quirked an eyebrow when he saw the pure black wolf in front of him, with a scar running across his cheek. His eyes glowed red proving that he was a rogue.+

The wolf shifted into his human form, and George found himself staring at an older man with dark brown hair and dark eyes.+

"Hello white wolf, it may have taken a couple of years, but you are finally mine."+

Can I please tear this asshole apart? Aiden asked.+

Easy now boy, we can't do anything risky just yet. George reminded.+

"My name is Seth," George's kidnapper introduces. "I suggest you rest up, tomorrow will be a very painful day for you."9

Seth then leaves, before George can even ask him any questions. The brunette tries to reach out to his mates but to no avail. George huffs in annoyance, and Aiden grumbles inside his head.+

There was a small cot in the cell. It wasn't very comfy but it would have to do. As George drifted off to sleep he rubbed his belly.+

Don't worry pup, we'll get out of here soon.9

Hey guys, I just wanted to thank all of you for being so understanding and patient. I still have a ton of school work to do, so I probably won't be returning to my usual upload schedule anytime soon...2

But anyway, here's your weekly update, enjoy!+

=0=0=0=0=0=0=0=0=+

Chaos, absolute chaos. 1

That was the best way to describe what was happening back at the Darkened Moon pack lands. +

"Tristan, anything?" Sapnap asked, and the warlock shook his head sadly.+

Tristan was currently using his connection with nature to see through the eyes of the many woodland creatures, hoping to find any signs of his brunette friend. Meanwhile Techno, Skeppy, and Bad took three separate teams to comb the woods.+

Sapnap sighed then glanced towards the corner of the room, where Dream was currently on the phone with his parents. They had to finally come clean about George being their mate, and that he was pregnant and missing.+

Their parents were currently trying their best to head back and help them, but with the bad weather in their area all the flights had been canceled.+

After ending the call Dream threw his phone across the room, but Tristan used his powers to levitate it before it hit the floor.+

"Fuck!" Dream cursed then plopped down in a chair. Sapnap walked over to him and placed a hand on his shoulder. Dream tensed at first to the touch but then relaxed, so the raven head hugged him tight.+

"We'll get him back Dream." Sapnap said.+

"I'm absolutely pathetic Sapnap, I failed to protect him again. This is the third time that the rogues have gone after him, and this is also the third time that I failed to arrive in time to save him."+

"You haven't failed Dream, not yet anyway..." Tristan said making the pair look at him. "You only fail when you decide to give up, you haven't given up yet right?"+

Dream sighed, "No."+

"Good!" Tristan said, "because I just tracked down his location. So what's the plan Alpha?"+

Dream stood up with a determined look on his face, before contacting all the pack warriors to meet in front of the pack house. Once everyone had gathered, Dream made the announcement with Sapnap and Tristan at his side.+

"You all have been informed of the situation, and I have good news. Tristan has managed to find George's location."+

The warriors let out relieved sighs and cheered.+

"We don't know how many enemies we will face when we go to rescue him, and we can't leave the pack defenseless. So we need volunteers to stay behind."+

"I'll stay!" Quackity volunteered.+

"So will we!" Wlibur, Tommy, and Tubbo added.+

"Thank you, now as for who's in charge..."+

"Please let me handle the pack Alpha," Philza spoke up, and Dream gave him a nod.5

"Contact us if there's an emergency," Dream reminded, and Philza agreed.+

Dream then had Sapnap assign the warriors into teams, while Techno spent time chatting to his family. Dream watched from the corner of his eye as Tommy and Tubbo gave the pink haired man a hug, which he eventually returned.+

Wilbur gave Techno a pat on the shoulder, while Philza gave his shoulders a little squeeze. "Be safe," Philza reminded and Techno nodded.+

"Dream?" Tristan called.+

"Ah Tristan, I want you to stay here."+

"Uh-uh, I am not staying here while you guys get to kick some rogue butt. I want in on the action." Tristan complained.+

"We'll be fine, besides the pack needs more protection."+

"I have already put up a barrier around the territory Dream, and it will alert me if a rogue approaches it. So how about this, I will join you on George's rescue mission, but the minute that I pick up a rogue nearing the pack lands, I'll teleport back here immediately."+

Dream sighed and agreed.+

Sapnap then informs Dream that they'll separate the teams, and attack the rogues from all sides. Techno would led one group, then the other two would be led by Skeppy and Bad. Meanwhile Dream, Sapnap and Tristan would prioritize rescuing George, once they had thinned out the rogue's ranks. +

Dream gave them the command to shift, and the area was filled with the sound of bones cracking into place. Skeppy and Bad nuzzled their noses together, and Dream and Sapnap did the same.+

Be safe Dream told Sapnap, who gave him a little lick.4

Dream then let out a howl and followed Tristan, who flew in front of warriors to guide them to the rogues.+

Hang in there George, we're coming! +

~0~0~0~+

"Wake up!" one of the rogues yelled as he kicked George's leg, making the omega hiss. "Boss wants you, now get up!" the man said pulling George up to his feet, while another rogue unlocked his shackles.+

Now? Aiden asked, once they were free.+

Not yet, I want to get a good hit on their leader before we go. George answered, making Adien huffed in impatience.+

The guards led him towards a double door. The rogues knocked on it before shoving George into the room, and shutting the door behind him.+

"Ah welcome white wolf." Seth greeted, and the omega's hands instantly went to his stomach, as if trying to protect his unborn pup from the monster in front of him.+

"I have a name, it's George," the brunette said with a little sass in his tone.+

"Very well then, George, do come here."+

George cautiously approach Seth, who motioned to a table that had handcuffs attached to it.+

"Will you be good and not cause me any trouble?" Seth asked.+

"What do you want from me?" George stated with a glare.+

"Hmm, so much like your father..." Seth replied with a smirk.4

George's eye widened when he heard that, "How do you know my father?"+

"He gave me this," Seth said, pointing to the scar on his face, "the night that my pack burnt down their old home and killed the Alpha and Luna."2

"You were behind that?" George angrily gritted out.+

"Yes," Seth replied with an evil smile. "You see... we were merely a weak pack of rogues, who had banded together after our old packs rejected us. Alexander's parents allowed us to stay on the outskirts of their territory, and I became good friends with Alexander, Jeremy, and Andrew."+

Seth moved to stand on the other side of the table, and gently dragged his fingers across its smooth surface. "But then one night a man came to me in a dream, saying that unto their pack a white wolf shall be born, and that wolf will be the end of my rogue pack."+

Seth then lifted his head to look at George, eyes glowing an eerily red. "There was no way that I would allow a mere pup to take away the only family I had left. So I did what I had to do to protect the people I love, and set the entire pack lands aflame. Unfortunately I failed in killing you, and it took me a while to finally track you down."+

"So that's it, you're just going to kill me?" George asked rather bored.5

"That's the plan yes, but it turns out that your powers can be transferred to someone else, if you so will."+

George scoffed, "and you think that I'll just willing hand over my powers."+

Seth laughed, "of course not, which is why I'll have to force it out of you with the help of a witch."+

George had enough, he summoned a whirlwind and let it lose in the room, sweeping up all furniture and items that were in it. +

"I'm rather bored so I will be taking my leave now, and like the man in your dream said, I'm taking down everyone here before I go, starting with you!"+

George shifted to his wolf form and lunged at Seth. The rogue managed to dodge in time, and also shifted to his wolf form. The omega growled lowly before charging once again at Seth. +

The latter stood no chance in the fight, since George used a combination of his fighting skills along with his powers to pin down Seth, and fight any reinforcements that entered the room.+

George soon had a death grip on Seth's neck, but just as he was about to finish the rogue off, he was suddenly flung to the wall. George had hit his head pretty hard from the impact, and his vision was starting to get hazy.+

"Perfect timing Kourin!" He heard Seth say between gasps, as the rogue shifted back to human form, and his injuries started to heal.+

"A werewolf having to depend on a witch to save him, you truly have lost all your dignity." Kourin shot back, making Seth glare at her.+

Kourin then lifted up a now nearly unconscious George, and placed him on the table. The handcuffs that they clasped onto his limbs were laced with wolfsbane, to keep his powers in check.+

"I didn't expect him to be this powerful, it will take a while to transfer everything." Kourin stated.+

"That's fine, take your time." Seth responded.+

"Sir!" one of the rogues yelled as he entered the room.+

"What is it?"+

"The warriors of the Darkened Moon pack are headed this way." +

"Delay them till we have disposed of the white wolf." Seth ordered, and the rogue ran back out.+

Seth and Kourin joined hands, then the witch touched George's chest. Her hands started to glow, and they could see the brunette's powers slowly seeping out of him and into Seth.+

Please hurry, Dream, Sapnap! George said before everything went black.3

Dream leaped onto the rogue's back and bit its neck hard, killing the wolf instantly. All around him, his mighty warriors were easily out powering the rogues. The rogues may have the numbers, but they were no match for the Darkened Moon's trained warriors.+

Go Dream, find George, We'll take it from here! Techno said through the mind link.+

Dream quickly entered the rogue's base, with Sapnap and Tristan not far behind. The trio ruthlessly fought their way past the rogues inside, and burst into the room where Seth and Kourin were.+

"Damn it, looks like I'll have to take care of these guys first." Seth muttered out.+

"I only managed to partially transfer the Wind element into you." Kourin informed.+

"It should be more than enough to beat these guys," Seth said, before  attacking the Beta and Alpha still in human form.+

Thanks to his new found powers, he was able to put up a good fight against Dream and Sapnap. Kourin was about to assist Seth when icicles came flying at her.+

She glanced up to find Tristan smirking at her.+

"Well, Well, Well, if it isn't the brat from the Eclipse convent who killed his entire family. I thought you starved to death." Kourin mocked before she fired her magic at him.+

Tristan easily deflected the attack, "for me to be known by the Fallen Witch herself, is quite an honor. So this is where you ended up, after getting kicked out of your convent for dabbling in necromancy."+

"Two prodigies against each other, who will win?" Kourin asked smugly.+

"Only one way to find out," Tristan said before charging at her, and throwing her upwards with such a great force that she broke through the ceiling. He followed her out through the hole that she had made, and the pair battled it out in the skies.+

Meanwhile Dream and Sapnap were struggling with Seth, who was fending them off easily with an evil smile. He then used his newly acquired powers to push them back, and pinned to the wall. +

He then walked over to George who was just starting to wake up, and used his powers to flip the table into a vertical position, so Dream and Sapnap could see him clearly.1

"You brats ought to know your place!" Seth yelled as he landed a punch to George's cheek.+

Sapnap and Dream fought against the force pinning them down, and snapped their teeth in his direction.+

Seth merely smirked as he landed blow after blow to George, who bit his lip to prevent himself from crying out in pain, knowing that it was what Seth wanted to hear.+

George! The brunette heard Sapnap and Dream call out in anguish, through their mind link.+

He tried to lift his head to show them that he was alright, but Seth landed a strong blow to his stomach, and that just knocked him out again. The last thing that he could hear was his mates' voices calling out to him.14

~0~0~0~+

George felt a soft breeze brush against his skin, and tried to open his eyes. But when he felt something lick him gently across his cheek, he immediately sat up.+

He turned and saw a white wolf with blue eyes sitting next to him. +

"Aiden?" he asked.+

"Yup!" Aiden replied and George hugged him.+

"Where are we?" George asked.+

"The astral plains," the wolf answered.1

George stood up and realized that he was a few meters away from the edge of the island. Curious, he cautiously approached the edge and peered down. He spotted a few other islands below that where partly covered by cotton candy colored clouds, and there were several floating above him as well. There appeared to be a force field right on the edge of the island, to prevent anything from falling off. +

Aiden barked to grab his attention, and the brunette twirled around to face his partner.+

"Get on!" Aiden said as he stood up and waited for George to get on his back.+

The brunette carefully got on the wolf, and gripped onto the fur around Aiden's neck, while digging his heel in to keep him in place.+

"Hang on tight!" Aiden said before taking off, and running across the grassy plain.+

George gasped in amazement when he saw majestic mountains on his right side, with a great waterfall to complete the magical view. Several other wolves were running in the distance, and he spotted several pups among them too.+

They eventually reached a lake that appeared to be right in the heart of the island, and at the center of the lake was a beautiful wisteria tree.+

Aiden slowed down and carefully set one paw on the water's surface, surprising George when the water actual held his wolf's weight. Aiden continued to graceful walk across the water towards the tree, where its flowers parted like a curtain to grant them access.+

"You can get down now." Aiden said, and George slowly set a foot onto the crystal clear waters, smiling when discovered that he too was being held up.+

"And you think that I'm happy with this!" they heard a male voice yell, though it sounded like it was coming from a TV. +

The pair walked around the tree to find a woman with long, pitch black hair. She wore a white flowing dress, and was sitting on the tree's roots, while leaning against its trunk.+

The woman appeared to be watching two men arguing through a mirror. One man had black hair and piercing blue eyes, and the other man had light brown almost blonde hair with green eyes. Wrapped around their little fingers was a red string that connected the pair together, and it was floated around them in a graceful manner, though it appeared that they couldn't see it.+

"I've hated you since the day we met, and you stole my girlfriend from me!" the brunette yelled.+

"It's not my fault that you couldn't keep the bitch interested!" the raven head retorted.+

"What did you say?" the brunette yelled again.+

The raven head sighed, "Forget it, I'm not dealing with your hot head right now Demetri. Just so you know, if it didn't mean spending the rest of my life in misery with a depressed wolf, I would have rejected you as my mate already! I will never love you, and don't expect to be marked by me at all. I can't stand the thought of doing anything intimate with you!"+

The brunette scoffed, "Trust me, the feeling is mutual Dominic!"+

The pair continued to glare at each other before Dominic let out a huff in frustration, and began to stomp away.+

Werewolves huh? So they're mates that hate each other, but Tristan did mention that during cases like this-+

George wasn't able to continue his line of thought, since the woman let out a tired sigh and snapped her fingers. The red string tying the two together instantly glowed a bright red, and the minute that Dominic stepped passed the doorway he dropped to his knees and cried out in pain.1

Demetri was no different, as he now laid on the ground clutching at his chest and gasping for air. The pair stayed in their positions as they continued to let out anguished cries, till the raven head started to crawl over to the brunette, and the latter did the same.+

Once they reached each other, Dominic pulled Demetri into his arms, and the pair embraced. Their faces relaxed as the pain slowly lessened. After a while they tried to pull away, only for the pain to attack them once more. So they submitted to their fate, and just knelt there on the ground while still hugging.+

"That bitch of a Moon Goddess must be incredible bored to have set this match up." Demetri stated.+

"So she won't even let us stay in different rooms, well this sucks." Dominic said and Demetri let out a grunt.+

"I loathe you," Demetri breathed out.+

"And I despise you," Dominic stated, before they both rested their chins on the others' shoulder, and subtly breathed in each others' scent. +

The woman lets out another sigh as she stands up, before sending the mirror away with the flick of her hand. "Honestly, why do they even try to fight it." The woman said before she turned towards George and Aiden. +

"It's nice to finally meet you George, and hello Aiden, I'm glad to see you again." She greeted with a bright smile, while her silver eyes glimmered in the light.+

+

Bonus update for this week, because I'm stressed and apparently stress eating isn't healthy. [Types this while reaching for a bag of chips]1

So I decided to stress write instead +

Hope you enjoy this chapter, but I highly doubt you will...2

=0=0=0=0=0=0=0=0=+

+

Aiden barked his reply but George continued to stare at the woman in awe. "I'm sorry but who are you, and how do you know my name?"+

The woman giggled and her eyes twinkled in amusement. "I go by many names for humans. The Greeks called me Artemis, the Japanese called me Tsukuyumi, but I've also been called Diana, Luna and Selene." she enumerated while putting up a finger with each name. 2

She then smile again, "But I believe you werewolves prefer to call me Bitch."9

George's jaw dropped, "You're the Moon Goddess..."+

"That's me!" she confirmed before floating over to Aiden and patting his furry head. +

"It's okay Aiden, I'm not mad at you for calling me that." She reassured the guilty looking wolf, who licked her hand as an apology.+

"So am I dead?" George asked.+

"No, if you were, you wouldn't be on this island." She explained. "You are here because Seth wouldn't stop hitting you till you screamed out in pain, which would make Dream and Sapnap go feral with rage. I decided to step in and pull your consciousness here, plus there are a few things that need to be explained to you. First off, you know of the Goddess of Fate right?"+

"Yes, I read a bit about her..." George answered.+

"Good, well she is in charge of not only pairing up humans to their significant other, but also intertwining their lives with other people who they are meant to meet. All the interactions that you have made, whether with your friends or strangers throughout your life have all been planned out by her, including our very own interaction right now. Both she and I work together to form mate pairs for werewolves."+

She then lifted her hands up and the trio started floating upwards, till they rested on the top branches of the wisteria tree.+

"You know that your purpose as a white wolf is protect your pack from something?" She asked, as she waved her hand around to summon a mini tea set that floated in the air.+

George nodded, "It's Seth isn't it?"+

The Moon Goddess confirmed it with a nod, before offering a cup to George and a treat to Aiden.+

"Truth to be told George, you weren't suppose to have two mates. You were only suppose to have one, but after Seth burned down your old pack lands in an attempt to prevent your birth, we decided to give you a little more protection, hence your third mate."+

George was silent as his mind started wandering. Only one mate? Now would that be Dream or Sapnap? He couldn't even imagine living a happy life without the both of them.2

"George?" Are you okay?" Aiden asked.+

"Yes, it's just a lot to take in."+

The Moon Goddess nodded, "Understandable, but it's something that you needed to know." +

George downed the rest of his tea, just as Aiden finished up his treat. The pair then thanked her for the snacks.+

"It was my pleasure, but unfortunately it is time for you to return back to earth. Your mates are currently fighting to saving you." She said before standing up, and the trio suddenly found themselves back on the grassy plains.+

The Moon Goddess then walked up to George, and gently placed a hand on his stomach. She frowned, and her eyes displayed sadness and pity, which made George curious as to why she bore such an expression.19

"Remember George, you can overcome anything with your mates beside you. No matter what hardships you face in the future, your mates will be there to support you. Now allow me to do you one last favor before you go..."+

She clapped her hands twice, and two red strings suddenly appeared around George's pinky. The brunette watched in amazement as one of the strings suddenly caught on fire, while the other emitted green particles that turned to leaves.1

"Good luck my children," the Moon Goddess said before everything turned blurry and faded away.+

~0~0~0~+

Sapnap growled angrily when he saw George's body go limp, and Dream glared at Seth murderously.+

The pair suddenly found the strength to free themselves from whatever was holding them, and lunged at the evil man. Dream aimed for Seth's neck, while Sapnap went for his leg.+

Seth shook them off, and they jumped back to circle the rogue. Seth watched them cautiously, semi-conscious of the bite wound on his thigh that was slowly healing.+

He then twirled and went for Sapnap, who he managed to pin down. The beta put up a fight however, and started snapping and clawing at the rogue's flesh, just then Dream came up from behind and bit Seth's arm, dragging the rogue off his mate.+

Seth flung the Alpha aside and Dream ended up crashing into a wall. When Sapnap heard his mate yelp, he saw red and managed to scratch the rogue's eye.+

Seth yelled in pain as he tried to cover his bleeding injury, and Sapnap took this opportunity to run over to Dream.+

You okay? He asked the Alpha.+

Yep, just my dignity, but man this guy is tough+

"You fools should just peacefully surrender. I'm still in a rather good mood, so I might give you a swift and painless end."+

The wolf pair huffed, and once again poised to attack.+

"It's pointless, you guys can't win." Seth said confidently.+

Suddenly two bright red strings appeared around George's pinky, and the other ends of the string stretched out till it reached Sapnap and Dream. The one that was connected to Sapnap's pinky suddenly caught on fire, and the beta could feel heat travel through his body.+

Dream's string on the other hand emitted green particles, and he suddenly felt energize.+

"Good luck my children" they heard a woman say, and their bodies started moving on their own.+

Vines suddenly sprouted from underneath Seth, and wrapped themselves around him. The rogue struggled to free himself, but was soon attacked by a rush of fire balls. +

Seth writhed in pain and when the vines finally released him, he fell to the floor with burns all over his body. His eyes then focused on Dream and Sapnap standing over him. The pair proceeded to tear his body apart without a hint of remorse.3

"Well that was gruesome," Tristan commented from behind them.4

The wolves turned to find their warlock friend with his clothes slightly tattered, and a couple of bruises covering his arms, but other than that he would be fine.+

"Were is the witch?" Dream asked when they shifted back.+

"Six feet underground, literally." Tristan said. "and since when were you guys able to use elemental magic?"1

"We don't know, this was the first time ever..." Sapnap explained.+

Tristan scanned their bodies for any traces of magic, which he found but it was quickly disappearing. Guess it was a one time thing... Tristan judged.+

They then heard George groan, and immediately made their way over to him. Dream quickly held the omega close while Sapnap grabbed one of his hands.+

"George? Love? Can you hear me?" Dream called.+

They then heard Tristan gasp and tried to see what had caught his attention. Their hearts sunk when they noticed the stream of blood slowly soaking the area around George's inner thighs. 3

"Is the pup-?" Sapnap started, and Dream stooped down to press his ear to George's stomach, searching with his werewolf hearing for a heart beat.+

Tears formed in the Alpha's eyes as he straightened up, and shook his head sadly. +

"We need to get him to Red," Tristan said and the werewolves could only nod.+

The warlock teleported them back, and George was instantly whisked away to Red's office.+

Dream sat down on one of the chairs in the waiting area, and buried his face in his hands. I'm such a failure, I couldn't protect mate, nor my pup...+

Salty tears crawled down his face, and he allowed the painful sobs to leave his throat. Sapnap wrapped his arms around Dream, and the pair embraced and cried, mourning the loss of a child that they never even met.17

=0=0=0=0=0=+

Don't kill me, I have a good reason for this.3

I did it because they are only 18, and they are still adjusting to their new jobs as their pack's leaders. So it isn't the ideal time to be raising a demanding pup.10

Plus, I just really wanted to practice writing angst, even if it only lasts for a few chapters 3

Relax, I promise you that this story will have a happy ending, and for those of you who are curious to know who pup's father was... it was Dream's child.13

Dream and Sapnap peeked out of the window, to see George in the garden behind the pack house. The omega was leaning against a tree, staring blankly ahead with a hand on his stomach.1

The pair sighed, it's been 5 months since the fight with Seth, and the lost their unborn child. Yet George didn't seem to be making any progress in moving past what had happened.2

When the brunette woke up and found himself in a hospital bed, his first question was about his pup's welfare. Red took on the responsibility of delivering the sad news that the baby was gone.1

At first George thought it was a joke, and he started getting angry, telling the doctor and his mates that it wasn't funny. It was only when Red preformed an ultrasound on George, upon the omega's request, and saw his now empty womb did the brunette believe them.+

George was inconsolable, and all that Dream and Sapnap could do was hold him. After that George acted like nothing happened, he returned to warrior training and did his duties as the Luna as well.+

Their parents had finally returned and were deeply upset by the news of the baby, and even decided to postpone the Luna ceremony. The brunette however wanted to go through with it, so the adults took care of everything and George officially became the pack's Luna.+

They thought that George was making great progress in building himself back again, till one day he came rushing home, and informed them that he couldn't watch over the pack's pups anymore. It was just too painful for him to be surrounded by children, and it constantly reminded him of what he and his mates lost.1

Martha stepped in and offered to take over Luna duties, with the help of Amanda and Catherine. Dream had to also stop George from joining in warrior training, since the omega had grown numb to pain and it could be dangerous.+

Eventually, Alexander came to the decision of retaking his role as the Alpha of the Darkened Moon pack, till George, Sapnap, and Dream had fully recovered from this tragedy. Andrew and Jeremy also offered their support.+

Suddenly their front door was thrown open, and in came a very tired looking Tristan, dressed as a girl. +

"Hey Ann, welcome back." Sapnap greeted with as much enthusiasm that he could muster at the moment.+

Tristan draped himself on the couch and groaned, "those assholes finally gave up. I'm exhausted..." he whined.+

These past 5 months were tough for him too. When the supernatural council found out that the Fallen Witch Kourin had been killed, they immediately investigated. Since the witch had been found encased in ice and covered in obsidian, under a large boulder no less, the council wouldn't believe that it was a werewolf's doing. [AN: Yeah... Tristan may have gone a little overboard, but that's what she gets for messing with his bestie]11

None of the convents nearby claimed the feat as theirs, so the council suspected that the pack was hosting a fugitive witch or warlock. To avoid giving the pack any trouble, Tristan left and had been jumping from one city to another to avoid getting discovered. +

"How is he?" Tristan asked, and Dream sadly updated him on the situation.+

"Has he been eating well?" he probed, and they both shook their heads.+

"He keeps saying that he isn't hungry, and we don't want to push him too hard." Dream answered, just as George entered the house.+

"Hey Georgie!" Tristan greeted.+

George looked up with dull eyes, "Oh Ann, you're back..." he whispered.+

"Yup! Want to help me make some lunch?"+

"There's no need to, Antfrost's will take care of it." was all the brunette said before heading up to his room.+

The trio sighed with disappointment, when they heard the bedroom door shut. Antfrost eventually arrived with a pot of soup and some bread, and Tristan set a portion on a tray for George.+

Leaving the Alpha and Beta downstairs, he gracefully glided up the stairs, and passed through the bedroom door like a ghost.+

"Georgie? Lunch's here." he said in a gentle tone.+

"Not hungry..." came the reply of the omega, who was laying on the bed.+

Tristan sat down on the bed, and allowed the tray to float in the air. He then reached down, and touched the brunette's shoulder, "I know Georgie, but you have to eat something. If you won't do it for your own health, then do it for your mates who are worried sick about you."+

"Please just leave me alone..." George begged, starting to get irritated.+

"I can't do that George, I love you too much to let you waste away and grieve like this forever, it's not good for you. "+

George immediately sat up in anger, "What do you know, huh? What do you know about losing someone that you love? My pup was taken away from me Ann, I lost my child! Don't you dare tell me how to act, when you don't understand how I feel!"3

A look of hurt crossed Tristan's face, and George winced.+

You are an idiot, Aiden yelled in his head. +

The first time in 5 months since he has heard from his wolf, and it was an insult. Well he did deserve it after what he just said, especially when he knew the full story of Tristan's past...+

"Ann, I'm sorry... that was out of line..." George said as he hugged his friend.+

Tristan returned the hug and patted him on the back. "It's alright George, I know that you didn't mean it."+

The omega still felt terrible, so he decided to rectify the situation by giving in to what his friend wanted.+

"Can I have a bit of food..." he asked softly.+

Tristan smiled and grabbed the tray from the air, then handed it to George. Once he was done eating, the warlock tucked him into bed, and left with the dirty dishes in hand.+

He found Sapnap and Dream waiting outside, and gave them a small smile.+

"You guys seem to have a habit of eavesdropping." He said as they headed back down the stairs. "I know you guys don't want to upset him, but right now he needs you guys to push him to become productive again. You can't let him mourn forever...." He said, as he used his magic to clean up the dishes and put them away.+

"Hey Ann, how did you and George meet?" Sapnap asked.+

"He was running in the woods, blowing off some steam after finding out you guys left without saying anything to him. He came upon my hide out, and we became friends." Tristan answered.+

"Have you always stayed there?" Dream continued.+

"Nope, I had just recently found it, and was still trying to make it a comfortable home..."+

There was an awkward silence, and Tristan just let out a sigh, "If you guys really wanted me to tell you my life story, you could have just asked..." he stated.+

Dream and Sapnap looked sheepish, "well we know it wasn't a really happy story, and we didn't want to bring up bad memories."+

"It's fine, I've made my peace with my past." Tristan replied. "Well for starters, my convent knew that I was going to be a powerful warlock since I was born. Not because I instantly started levitating objects, but because I killed my mother."2

Sapnap and Dream stayed silent, not wanting to make a comment that could offend him.+

"We gain more power from drawing out energy from the living and dead, and I sucked out her life while inside the womb. She died while giving birth to me. As a child I would often throw tantrums, that would have some disastrous results. The convent had to be rebuilt several times due to the damage. Eventually they made an underground bunker for me to stay in, where I couldn't hurt anyone. The only one who visited me was my father."2

Tristan then used his magic to revert his girly clothes to a simple hoodie and jeans.+

"I could see the outside world by using the eyes of the creatures nearby, and one day I begged my father to let me out, so I could enjoy nature for myself. Of course he refused, and I started getting mad... I don't know what exactly happened next, one minute my father was in front of me telling me to calm down, and the next time I opened my eyes he was hugging me. I tried to hug him back but then he fell over, and I realized that he was dead. I had drained the life out of him."+

Sapnap and Dream moved over to hug Tristan, and he gave them grateful smiles. "It wasn't just him however, it turns out that I had drained the entire area of life, the rest of the members of my convent, the animals, even the trees, and plants. I was then taken in by the council who planned my execution. But I managed to escape, and have been on the run since then... I eventually learned how to control my powers, so you guys don't have to worry about me going berserk."+

The werewolves hugged him tighter, "We're sorry Tristan, we're so sorry..."+

"You guys had nothing to do with it, and besides I'm fine now..." The warlock insisted with a smile. "But do me a favor, please take care of George. I was in a very dark place after I lost my entire family, and I don't want him to fall down that hole."+

The werewolves promised and Tristan said his goodbyes, before teleporting back to his hide out.+

=0=0=0=0=+

Aw... my poor, kinky, crossdressing, pansexual(yes, Tristan is Pan) son. 7

He's had a rough life... (◕︵◕)3

Don't worry sweetheart I love you very much, +

and apparently so do some readers  (¬‿¬)11

Honestly I'm glad that you guys like him, since I plan for him to appear again in future fanfics.6

+

Aiden opened his eyes and his hands instantly flew to his stomach. He and George may not have known about the pup for very long, but they had an instant connection to it, so the loss was hard on him too.1

"Oh Love..." Derick said as he pulled the omega closer.+

Aiden tried to hold the tears back but to no avail. Mathias was instantly by his side, wiping them away before they could stain his cheek.+

"Don't cry Love..." Mathias begged.+

"I didn't even get to feel a kick..." Aiden mumbled out, and his mates held him tighter.+

"I'm sorry, I'm so sorry... I couldn't protect your heir..." Aiden continued to sob.+

"Oh Love, please don't blame yourself. It was that monster's fault." Derick said.8

"And this will never change our love for you Aiden. We love you so much, and it hurts us to see you in pain. So please don't cry..." Mathias stated  as he kissed Aiden's cheek.+

"but an heir..."+

"We could always try again in the future Love, as for now let's spend these moments together. Besides, our humans are still much to young to deal with a very demanding pup." Derick said, and Aiden finally relaxed into their touch.+

"We love you Aiden," they both said before giving him pecks on the lips.+

"I love you too," Aiden replied shyly.+

Derick and Mathias look at him with such fondness, that Aiden's clenched in happiness. The three of them then cuddled on the bed, as they allowed the pain of their loss to slowly fade away..+

~0~0~0~+

"Well, why not?" Tristan insisted.+

"They could be busy..." George said.+

"No they're not, and you know it. Come on George, it could be good for you guys to just get away and relax a bit." Tristan stated.+

George has significantly been getting better. Dream and Sapnap were gentle but firm when it came to his grieving. They made sure to give him a list of things to do to keep him occupied, and got him back to eating proper meals at the appropriate times.1

George was grateful that they were so patient with him, but he knows that things were not back to normal just yet. He truly missed them, they may see each other every day and cuddle together at night, but he missed seeing them genuinely smile. He missed their laughs, kisses, and all the intimate and silly things they used to do. +

He sought Tristan out for advice and the warlock suggested that they go on a vacation, just like what the trio had planning to do before the terrible incident took place.+

"George, Dream and Sapnap will not do anything that you aren't comfortable with. If you want to spend some undisturbed time with them in a happier environment, you need to bring it up to them. Like I told you before, CO.MU.NI.CATE." The warlock emphasized.8

"And the pack?"+

"Your parents are doing a mighty fine job running it right now, you have nothing to worry about."+

"Okay..." George conceded, "Thanks Ann, I'm really glad that we became friends."+

Tristan smiled, "No problem Georgie, now what else did you want to tell me?"1

George quirked an eyebrow in surprise, "it's scary how you can read me so well..."+

The warlock giggled, "And it's worrisome that you still haven't gotten used to it."+

George laughed a bit, then sighed, "I want to slowly take over my Luna duties again. So far I've helped out a bit in the kitchen, visited a few members in the infirmary and a few other stuff, but there's one thing I've been avoiding."+

"Pup-sitting?" Tristan asked and the omega confirmed it with a nod.+

"You can take your time George. Baby steps my friend, don't go running or you'll fall down." Tristan reminded.+

"I think I'm ready, but can you be there for me just in case?"+

"Of course Georgie, do you want to go right now?" Tristan asked and the brunette nodded.+

Dream and Sapnap had stepped out to meet with the betas, and check on their progress with the pack's land expansion. They didn't have too, but they knew that they could leave George with Tristan, and they genuinely wanted to see how everything was going. So the omega and warlock were able to leave without a problem.+

Today the pups were playing in the open area behind the pack house, that also had a playground. George saw his mother with Catherine and Martha in the distance, and waved towards them. They seemed surprised at first to see him, but soon gave him bright smiles.1

George watched as the children ran all over the place, and couldn't help but wonder if his pup would have been an active one, or a quiet child. Tristan noticed this and place a hand on his shoulder, but George simply nod once to show his friend that he was alright.+

Suddenly he felt a little tug on his pants, and looked down to find a pup in a superhero costume.+

"Yes Callahan?" George asked sweetly and softly, the boy was a very shy pup who hardly ever spoke.13

The young boy held out a blue corn flower to George, with a shy smile on his face.14

George smiled at the boy and took the gift, "Thank you Callahan, it's lovely."+

The boy grinned and soon a whole bunch of kids had surrounded George, who asked him to play with them. The omega and Tristan were in the middle of teaching the pups on how to make flower crowns, when Dream suddenly mind linked George.+

Where are you? He asked in worry.+

George peeked up to one of the windows of the pack house, and saw the blonde pacing in front of the one in the alpha's office.+

Look outside silly!+

Dream then turned around and instantly spotted him. He looked concerned at first, but visible relaxed when George shot him a toothy grin.+

"You had us worried Love," Sapnap said, popping up from nowhere and sitting down on the grass besides George.+

The kids then asked Tristan to use his magic so they could fly, and the warlock happily agreed. Their laughter soon filled the area as they zoomed around in the air, under the watchful eye of the warlock.1

Callahan called out to George, so the brunette stood up and walked over to were the boy was floating. Callahan then flew over to George and wrapped his tiny arms around the brunette's neck, so the omega pulled him into a hug. He then turned around to see Sapnap watching him, but he could tell that the raven head was currently having a mind link conversation with Dream.1

A childish idea crossed his mind, and he called out to his mates using his mind link. Watch this, Watch this... he says, and waits till he knew that both of them were watching him.+

He then gives Callahan a quick peck to the cheek, which makes the boy giggle happily.+

"What the hell!" Sapnap suddenly yells in a fake jealous voice.+

Meanwhile, he hears Dream chuckle through their mind link, George! what? He tries to say in an angry voice before laughing again, George, he got through the giggles. George? What?+

"Wait George, kiss me, kiss me, kiss me, kiss me," Sapnap says as he approaches the brunette.13

Well someone's certainly eager, Aiden says, making George bite down a laugh. Well they haven't kissed in so long so it was kind of expected.+

"Wait stop, stay there..." George says as he releases Callahan, so the child could float back to his friends.+

"Kiss me, kiss me," Sapnap begged again when George started to walk over to him.+

Wait, George? uh I'm coming down, I'm coming down, Dream said. From the corner of his eye, the brunette sees the alpha suddenly disappear from the window. +

He stifles a smile as he moves in to kiss Sapnap, and the raven head closes his eyes, waiting for it. It never comes, since George suddenly clutches his stomach and pretends to throw up. +

Sapnap doesn't look pleased, and George can't help but grin.+

"Kiss me!" The raven head aggressively yells, as he tries to reach out to the omega to pull him closer, but George dodges and side steps around the Beta.2

George, I'm almost there, I'm almost there... Dream informs as he rushes down the stairs10

"I need to go check up on Red, before helping Antfrost in the kitchen." the brunette says.+

I am literally almost there, just wait a minute!+

"Kiss me!" Sapnap yells again as he chases after the brunette, who giggles while he dodging his mate's attempts to grab him.+

"I have a job to do," he says playfully.+

I'm almost at the door okay, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop! Dream says desperately.+

"I have to go," George reasoned as he practically jogs towards the pack's infirmary, with Sapnap not far behind.+

"I'm here! I'm here," Dream declares as he runs up towards them.+

"I'm sorry but I need to go," George replies in a fake sad tone.+

"I'm here! I'm here!" Dream yells again when he finally catches up with them, just as Sapnap says, "kiss us!" +

"I've got a job to do," George explained as he enters the infirmary building and shuts the door in their faces. He presses his ear to the door, just in time to hear Sapnap say, "Oh my Goddess," in a dejected voice.+

"George! No you didn't... please... I'm here," Dream begs from outside the door in a soft tone.+

"George kiss us, we want kissies," Sapnap adds.+

George had to muffle his laughter with his hand, before pulling on a serious front and stepping back out, "What do you want?"+

"Kiss us," Sapnap stated with a straight face.+

"What?" George gasps in an obviously fake shocked tone.+

"Kiss us," Sapnap demands again before turning to Dream with an annoyed expression, "Alright Dream kiss me."+

"What do you want Dream?" George asked again. A smile tugging at his lips when he sees Dream pushing away Sapnap's face, while the raven head exaggeratedly made kissing sounds, with his lips puckered towards the blonde.+

"George kiss me," Dream begs, and finally relaxes when he sees the brunette step closer.+

"You have to do it on the lips, right on the lips," The blonde declared as he pointed to his lips.+

George tiptoes then closed his eyes, as Dream leans in. When their lips were just about to touch, Sapnap shoves Dream aside, so George's lips connect with his for a light peck. +

"Yes! George kissed me!" Sapnap yelled victoriously.+

George then turned his head, and pecked a sulking Dream on his lips as well.+

"Yes!" the Alpha yelled happily, making George burst out laughing.+

=0=0=0=0=0=2

Kiss me more by Doja Cat Ft. SZA actually started playing as I was writing this...+

Also, who remembers the stream moment that I am referencing in this chapter?ヾ(>ω<○)8

+

"I missed hearing you laugh," Sapnap said affectionately, as George slowly calmed down from his laughing fit.+

George smiled shyly at the comment, and the raven head cupped his cheeks before pecking his forehead. +

"We love you George," Sapnap said, as Dream hugged the brunette from behind. "We love you so much," the blonde whispered, planting a kiss to the brunette's temple.+

"I love you guys too," the omega whispered, and his mates' faces just lit up with joy.+

"We love you, we love you, we love you," the blonde and raven head repeated over and over again, as they covered the brunette's face with tiny kisses.+

"Guys," George giggled out, making them stop and look at him with fondness. "How would you like to go on a short vacation, just us three?" he asked. +

The beta and alpha shared a look then started laughing. George quirked an eyebrow, confused on why they reacted this way.+

"Would you believe us if we told you, that we were planning to ask you the same thing. We were actually making plans on the way home from checking in on the betas." Dream said.+

George smiled and asked them what they had in mind, but they claimed that it was a surprise. The brunette tried to get them to talk but they were stubborn, so he eventually gave up and left them to prepare everything, while he continued with his duties for the day.+

~0~0~0~+

George watched in fascination as several dolphins surrounded him, and Dream. One of the dolphins actually swam close enough for the brunette to touch it, and allowed him to cling onto it for a ride.+

George eventually came up to the surface for air, and so did Dream.+

"How was it Love?" Sapnap asked from the boat.+

"It was absolutely wonderful Dear, you should have joined us." the brunette answered, and allowed the raven head to pull him back on board.+

"I prefer sharks Georgie, want to join me on the dive tomorrow?" Sapnap asked.+

"Sure," George answered, before helping Sapnap pull Dream into the boat.+

The trio were finally on their vacation, and they all agreed that they need it. Their parents were more than happy to take care of things while they were gone. So far they've gone sky diving, zip-lining, and bungee jumping, so Dream suggested something a bit more tame for their next activity. George wanted to try swimming with the dolphins, and so here they were.4

The trouple decided to headed back to their hotel room to freshen up and rest. While Dream and Sapnap cuddled in bed, and debated on what show to watch on the TV, George excused himself and went into the bathroom.+

He looked into the mirror, and let out a deep breath before pulling out an egg shaped vibrator, that he asked Tristan to buy a couple days back. Since the day that they agreed to go on vacation, the trio had shared a couple more kisses. Nothing intense, just sweet and light ones, and let's just say that George was starting to get his libido back.2

He was now sexually frustrated, but was too embarrassed to bring it up to his mates. He could practically hear his warlock friend lecturing him about communication, but he managed to push Tristan's voice out of his head.+

He had a small bottle of lube, and his enema kit as well. So after cleaning himself up and shaving the hair that had grown back, he stretched himself with his fingers.+

Goddess, I've gotten way too tight...+

Maybe you should use the plug instead, Aiden suggested+

But I want them to have fun too...+

You will most definitely regret this decision2

Maybe I will, maybe I won't+

George then removed his fingers, and slowly inserted the toy. It felt so weird after all this time, but he eventually adjusted. He then walked out and crawled his way up the bed, and into his mates' arms.2

"Thank you for being so patient with me," he whispered, and they placed quick kisses to his cheek in response.+

"You're welcome George," Dream said.+

"I have a little gift for the both of you. Well...it's kind of a gift, but not really..." he trailed off, suddenly getting really nervous.+

His mates looked at him curiously as he opened his hand to reveal the remote of the vibrator, but Dream and Sapnap didn't know its use just yet.+

"Uh...thanks? What is it for?" Dream asked, while Sapnap took it and curiously pressed one of the buttons.+

Instantly the toy came to life, and George squirmed a bit while letting out a surprised shriek.3

The Alpha and Beta were wondering why he reacted as so, till it finally clicked in their heads. Their eyes immediately darkened with lust, while their lips were tugged up in mischievous smirks.+

George gulp, and Aiden chuckled. Good luck buddy! The wolf said, before blocking himself out to give them privacy.5

"Oh George~" Dream called in a seductive voice, as he pulled the omega closer.+

The brunette felt Sapnap's hands already groping his ass, and George's face started to heat up in arousal and embarrassment. "Oh Love, you shouldn't rile us up like this, especially after 5 months of abstinence." the beta whispered huskily.+

"Are you sure that you are ready for this?" the alpha asked.+

George nodded, and the blonde captured his lips in a heated kiss. It was merely a kiss, but it was enough to send chills down the brunette's body to his groin, and a tent soon formed in his pants. It certainly didn't help that Sapnap was sucking on the omega's neck, right where his mark was, and turning the vibrator off and on at the same time.+

When the both pulled away, George let out a needy whine of protest. Sapnap then captured his lips, instantly taking control by slipping his tongue into the brunette's mouth and making the latter moan.+

"That's enough for now," Sapnap rasped against George's lips, whose eyes were starting to glaze over from lust.+

"Yeah, we have reservations for dinner. Plus, there's a little dance party on the beach that we want to attend." Dream added as they both left George panting on the bed, so they could prepare. +

The omega groaned in frustration, this is going to be a long night.2

=0=0=0=0=0=0=0=+

Relax ya nasties!+

You'll get smut in the next update+

This book is coming to a close however... 2

2 more chapters I think, plus 1 Lore chapter+

I'm gonna miss writing DNN and my baby Tristan. It will probably be a while before you will see either again in my works+

And it certainly was a very long night for George. Sapnap and Dream would take turns controlling the toy, and leave it on for different lengths of time throughout their dinner. Poor George was having a hard time containing his moans, and eating his food. His mates on the other hand, continued to smile as innocently as possible, while they watched the brunette struggle through it all.+

At the dance party that followed, George found himself sandwiched between his mates. Dream would grind his erection against his ass, while his and Sapnap's would rub together. They continued to play with the vibrator, till they finally reached their hotel room.+

By then George was tired, and incredible horny. They took a shower together, and Dream pulled out the toy, before shoving a finger in.+

George moaned loudly, then Sapnap captured his lips in a kiss, before reaching down to stroke the brunette's shaft. The omega soon tensed up, and was about to climax, when Dream and Sapnap pulled away.+

"Please... I need to cum." he begged softly.+

"In a bit Love," Sapnap replied as he turned the water off, and helped Dream dry George off.+

They then laid him down on the bed, where they covered his naked body with kisses.+

"What other stuff did you bring George?" Dream asked.+

"Just a plug and lube."+

Dream hummed, then got off the bed to search through his bag for something. Meanwhile, Sapnap went to grabbed the lube and plug that George mentioned.+

The brunette knew that his mates were talking to each other through the mind link. Probably planning on how tonight would play out, so he decided to just relax and trust them.+

Dream came back with a box of condoms, and George quirked an eyebrow at it.+

"Me and Sapnap have been talking, and we think it's best to wait a year or two before we try for a pup again. We're still so young, and I think you still need a bit more time to fully move on. So is this okay with you?" the blonde asked. George flashed him a grateful smile, and nodded.+

Dream leaned down and kissed him, then pulled the brunette onto his lap. Sapnap in the meantime, laid down on the bed and watched the show. He looked rather nervous which made George wonder what exactly did his mates have planned for the night.+

This question was soon answered, when Dream placed the plug in his hand. "Go prep Sapnap, Love." Dream whispered.+

George's eyes widened, and his heart raced with excitement. He quickly crawled over to the beta, who was looking at him nervously. "I'll be gentle Dear..." George assured.+

Sapnap took in a deep breath and gave him a nod. George lubed up his fingers and started to stretch the Beta, who clenched down immediately. The omega then pressed their lips together, hoping to make Sapnap forget about what was happening.1

It worked, and soon the now lubed plug was buried deep into the beta. Sapnap then retook control and pinned George down on the bed. The raven moved them closer to the edge, and into a new position. +

Sapnap laid down on his back, and had George kneel on all fours above him, with the brunette facing the opposite way. George smirked at the raven head's erection that stood proudly in front of him, and soon lowered his mouth to suck the raven head off. Sapnap returned the favor, while also fingering the brunette at the same time.6

The raven head withdrew his fingers after sometime, making the brunette whine around his member. But then the omega felt something poke his entrance, something bigger than a finger.+

"I know it's been a while Love, but I promise to go slow." Dream said, as he placed a hand on George's bare back.+

George arched his back even more, making the blonde giggle at his eagerness. Dream slipped his covered member into George, and groaned lowly.+

"Goddess, I've missed this!" the alpha said before he started to move.+

George let out a surprised squeak when Dream suddenly hit his prostrate. Being assaulted on both fronts proved to be too much for George, and he finally released into Sapnap's mouth. The beta swallowed everything, then Dream pulled out of the omega.3

The brunette was still a bit dazed form his orgasm, so he barely registered getting moved back up the bed.+

"You alright Love? Can you keep going?" Dream asked, as he switched out condoms.+

"Yes Darling," George answered, eye gleaming with lust.+

His mates bent down and took turns to kiss him passionately. Sapnap then gentle guided the omega to kneel down, with his back towards them.+

"I think you're loose enough now, don't you think so Dear?" Dream asked Sapnap as he played with the beta's plug.+

"Just hurry up and get in already," the raven head mumbled, as he slipped a condom onto his own member.+

"Is it okay if I get a bit rough with you Love?" Sapnap asked as he positioned himself behind George.+

George nodded, and pushed back to rub his hole against the raven head's cock. Sapnap chuckled and gave his ass a little spank, making the omega squirm a bit in surprise.+

Sapnap then lined himself up and pushed into the brunette. They both moaned out, before the beta started pounding into George, hitting his sweet spot every time +

Despite already climaxing a couple of minutes ago, George could feel another load already on its way, but then Sapnap suddenly stopped moving. +

The omega glanced back to see what was wrong, and saw Dream slowly entering Sapnap. Oh my Goddess, this is so hot!+

Dream suddenly bucked his hips, which made Sapnap thrust into George, and they both moaned out at the sensation.+

Dream smirked from above, and gently touched both of them. "Are my mates liking this new position?"4

The both of them nodded, which pleased him very much. He gripped onto Sapnap's hips and pulled out, till only the head of his shaft was left in. In one swift motion Dream shoved himself into Sapnap's hole, making both of his mates let out sinful sounds, before he started to move in a fast pace.+

"I love you guys so much," he said between pants.+

"We love you too, Darling." they answered.+

George started to leak onto the sheets, and he shrieked as he found release. This started a chain reaction, since he had tightened around Sapnap as he came, which in turn caused the beta to climax and tighten around Dream, which proved to be the blonde's undoing. +

Exhausted and sated, the trio rolled over to lay on their bed. After catching their breaths, Dream and Sapnap got up and started a warm bath. When it was ready, they carried George to the tub, where he sleepily sat between Dream's legs, while Sapnap straddled his thighs.+

"I love you guys so much," the omega said, "I can't even imagine life without the both of you."+

They both smiled, "Neither can we George."+

"We'll always be together George, and hopefully it will stay that way in our next life as well." Sapnap said before hugging him tight.+

You were only suppose to have one mate George, the Moon Goddess' voice echoed through his head, but he pushed it away.+

These two mean the world to me. I don't know what will happen in the next life, but please Goddess of Fate, let us stay together. Even if we just stay friends...+

Somehow George fell asleep in the bath, so Dream and Sapnap dried him off, then carried him to bed, where they snuggled up together for the night.1

"Thanks for your help son, I don't think we could have carried all the boxes in without your help. Old age is starting to kick in," Alexander told Dream, who was single-handily carrying in a large box.+

"Speak for yourself Alex. I'm still in my prime, and can lift a couple of things without breaking my back." Jeremy stated smugly, as he walked through the door with two medium sized boxes.1

The pair were soon engaged in a friendly banter, with Andrew serving as a mediator. In the corner of the room was his mother, who was busy cleaning and arranging things with the help of Catherine and Amanda.+

After living at the pack house with them for nearly two years, his parents, along with Sapnap and George's, decided to move into a large house and spend their retirement years together.+

Don't get them wrong, they loved their parents and were eternally grateful for their support, especially during the dark period they experienced after George's miscarriage. But it was a bit difficult to do intimate things together with them around. Once everything was moved in, Dream said his goodbyes and headed back home with a smile.+

~0~0~0~+

"They're looking great Quackity, your new training regimen is certainly effective." Sapnap commented, as he watched the pack warriors doing mock battles.+

In the corner of his eye, he could see Tommy laying down on the ground exhausted, with Technoblade standing over him and mocking him playfully. This enraged the boy, who immediately stood up and tried to attack his big brother, only to ended up back on the floor again. Tubbo on the other hand was getting trained by Wilbur, who was much more gentle with his coaching. Under the shade of a tree stood Philza, who looked over his family affectionately.1

This little scene stirred up some longing in Sapnap, and he suddenly wanted to go home to his mates. He lingered a bit longer however, when Karl came around with a couple of plans for renovating the old buildings. He made his own comments, and then said his goodbyes to both the brunette and Quackity.+

He had gotten quite close to both Karl and Quackity, and he loved spending time with them, but right now he needed his mates.+

~0~0~0~+

"Now calm down Mars, your father will be here soon," George whispered to his fuzzing baby girl.+

He carried her downstairs to the backyard porch, where a hammock hung. Inside the hammock was another baby, but this one was a boy.+

The boy started giggling when he saw George and his sister, which made the omega smile. "Hello Beckerson, your dad is coming home too."14

He laid Mars right next to Beckerson, and the pups cuddled and giggled together for absolutely no reason. George gently swung the hammock, and eventually the twin babies fell asleep.+

He smiled at them fondly, before kissing them both on their heads. "Papa loves you..."9

He then laid down on the bench right next to the hammock, and let out a deep sigh. He was tired from looking after his pups all day, and actually ended up falling asleep.+

He then began to dream about the day that he gave birth to the little bundles of trouble. It seemed like it only happened yesterday, though it has already been a couple of months.+

"Breath George breath, you can do this, all you got to do is simply breath in and out," Sapnap encouraged as George tightly gripped onto his hand, while Dream held the other.+

"Easier said than done Jerk!" George gritted out.+

"George, you have got to calm down," Dream said, before both he and Sapnap yelp out in pain, since the omega's claws were digging into their skin.2

"Calm down! No! You don't tell me to calm down idiot, there's a werewolf coming out of me!" the omega yelled.+

"Two of them actually," Red reminded as he entered the room, and took his position with a nurse besides him.+

George suddenly felt a sharp pain, and muttered out a string of curses.+

"I swear to the Moon Goddess above, you guys will be wearing condoms for the rest of your life, or I'll personally chop your dicks and balls off!" He yelled, making his mates grimace at the thought.6

"There's no need for that George. Tristan has developed birth control pills that work for werewolves, remember?" Red said, as nonchalantly as ever. "Now please leave the room Alpha and Beta, so we can prepare for C-section, the anesthesia will take affect soon," he commanded.2

The pair gave George a quick kiss each, before heading out of the room and making their way towards the waiting area. They both paced back and forth as they awaited for any news of their mate and pups.+

Their fathers had to eventually command them both to sit down, since they were starting to ruin the carpet.1

Eventually their ears picked out a shrilling cry, and they instantly stopped fidgeting. It was soon followed by another, which made silly smiles tug at their lips. +

"Congratulations boys!" Their parents said. After a quick round of hugs, they were called by one of the nurses.+

Dream and Sapnap joined hands, as they walked back to the room George was in. The brunette smiled at them tiredly, the effects of the surgery still taking a toll on him, but that wouldn't last long with his werewolf healing ability. +

"It's over Love, you can rest now." Dream said, as he and Sapnap kissed the omega's temples.+

"I want to hold them first." George replied.+

Once the pups were washed and wrapped, Red placed Beckerson in the omega's arms, while Sapnap held onto baby Mars.+

Beckerson had Dream's green eyes and brown hair. Mars had black hair like Sapnap, and George's brown eyes.2

"They're perfect," George whispered out.+

"Just like you are Love..." both of his mates said.1

"Simps," George teased, and they all laughed, before smiling again at their cooing pups.+

George slowly stirred from his sleep when he heard humming, and when he opened his eyes, he found Dream holding Beckerson. 1

When the blonde noticed his now awake mate, he smiled. "He started whimpering, and I didn't want him to wake you."+

George sat up then walked over to kiss Dream. The latter smiled, and placed the now sleeping pup back with his sister, then sat down on the bench. George straddled his thighs and hugged him tight.+

"So how was your day?" George asked.+

"Pretty productive actually, and we have a pack coming over to visit in a few weeks. I believe the Alpha's name was Dominic, and is mated to his Gamma, Demetri. Quite an interesting match up really, since they both presented as alphas." Dream said as he adjusted his position to lay down on the bench, with George on top of him.10

Those names rang a bell, but George couldn't remember where he heard them from. Just then the door opened to reveal Sapnap, who gave his mates a smile before heading over to the hammock.+

"Hello Mars and Beck, your father missed you both so much." he whispered, as he gently rocked the hammock+

"How's Tristan by the way?" Dream asked, and George merely sighed.+

The omega had been trying to encourage his friend to go out and meet people. He didn't want his friend to be alone for the rest of his life, but Tristan would merely say, "I don't think that I'll meet my soulmate in this life, but perhaps I will in the next. All I want in my next life, is to be friends with you three again."+

"He's stubborn as ever..." the brunette grumbled.+

Sapnap chuckled then walked over to his two mates, who were hogging the entire bench in their embrace. "Is there room for one more in there?" he asked.+

Dream and George immediately sat up and pulled him onto the bench, before sandwiching him. They then shared a round of quick, but sweet kisses. "There will always be room for you."7

+

This chapter is only for those who have read majority of my books especially LLHG and JU...+

Back on the astral plains+

=0=0=0=0=0=0=+

The brown haired woman smiled as she glanced over to her right, to see three orbs glowing brightly, with a red string connecting all three of them. One orb was green, the other a blue, and the the last was orange.+

She then turned her attention to the dull red orb floating in front of her. She tapped it and a red string stuck to the orb and followed her finger. Then she turned and tapped a dull violet one, effectively connecting the two lives together.1

"Perhaps one of the Mafia Aus," she muttered out, and the two newly connected orbs started glowing dimly, before rising up to join the other colorful balls of light above her.2

When these two people would be born in their new universe, their orbs would glow just as brightly as the others. The woman crossed her fingers, and hoped that these two souls would find each other without too many issues.+

White colored thread then left her finger tips, and she scanned around the area to decide on who these two souls would meet, on their next adventure. +

The woman heard someone clapping behind her, and she twirled around then scowled when her eyes met Leon.+

"It's always such a beautiful sight to see you at work. You look absolutely stunning when your eyes glimmer with passion and excitement." he commented.+

She scoffed, "Since you've failed, you decided to come up here and simp for me, very professional Leon."1

"Hey a loss is a loss," he said walking over to the black board, and drawing a tally on her side. The score has changed, and Leon already had three strikes on his side instead of just one.+

She turned away from him and decided to continue on her task, when he suddenly appeared right in front of her, making her jump a bit.+

"You're rather cute when you get scared." he said sadistically, and she just glared at him.+

Leon floated up to the orbs that she had newly connected, and teasingly ran his finger along the red string. "So fragile, it would be so easy to..." he trailed off as he started to pull at the string, making it strain under the pressure.+

A cold knife instantly pressed against his back, "Don't even think about it..." the woman said in a cold voice.+

"Yesh, you're scary when you're mad Hazel." he said as he back away.+

Leon then glanced at the green, blue, and orange orbs floating nearby, and smirked. "Till their next life then," he said with a mock bow, before turning into a raven again and flying away.+

"Is he always such an ass?" The Moon Goddess said, popping out from nowhere.+

"He takes great pleasure in separating soul mates using any means possible, of course he's an ass." Hazel answered while putting her dagger away. "Thank you for your support though, they managed to finally defeat him thanks to you."+

"I didn't expect him to actually appear to Seth in a dream. Leon it a crude man."2

"That he is..." Hazel stated. "On a lighter note, Aiden and Derick? Really?" she continued in a teasing tone, making the Moon Goddess blush in embarrassment.+

"I told you that I suck at coming up with names!"+

"You could have named them anything, and all you did was change their previous names a bit. From Adrien to Aiden and from Fredrick to Derick, like seriously?"6

"Oh come on, I had much more important things on my mind. Like making sure those boys don't die under my watch for a third time..." The Moon Goddess claimed, as she motioned over to the three orbs.+

"Yes, we did succeed this time, but will we in their next life." Hazel said with in a worried voice, before letting out a sigh. "Well anyway, Adrien and Fredrick got their happy ending, and I'm leaving them in your care from now on."+

The Moon Goddess bowed respectfully, then transformed into a white wolf, before magically running on air back to her island.+

Hazel gracefully sat down on her bed, as she looked at the many lives around her. "I will do my best to ensure your happy endings..."+

And here I thought I couldn't write anything worse than Olympian Syndrome...I really surprised myself with this one5

For the sake of my sanity, I'm gonna have to tone it down in my next book+

Also, Lore! You guys are smart, I bet you can put the pieces together easily. And no this was no random addition, this whole thing was planned out before even publishing my first book. (Loving you is a crime)+

Note that though the Lore chapters will appear in order, they may have some lifetimes in between them. Hence why in the first lore chapter Leon had just gotten his first point, and now in the second chapter he has three. Perhaps something happened in between...? 2

The whole story will be explained in a future book, but that won't be coming out anytime soon, because I already know that it's going to be a long one.+

Also Also, I've gotten a couple of request for reader x Tristan, and I am hear to say that I have decided to grant your wish. Though I can't guarantee that it will be good, since I am not accustomed to that writing style. 6

You will find 2 new chapters in my Snippets and Extras book, one with Tristan topping, and the other of him bottoming, so just pick which one suits your preferences.  For those of you who are not interested in reading that, I still suggest reading the first part of Top Tristan, and the ending of Bottom Tristan to find a short bonus story of my pansexual son [not to mention a little surprise at the end] I've marked up the section so you can just skip the smut and head over to that part if you want.  +

Anyways, as usual I would like to thank all of you for reading this book, making funny comments, and for voting on the chapters.+

Love you all so much <31

 I want you all to know that you are absolutely amazing people for actually making it through this book, and for just being you.+

So my next book will be back to Dreamnotfound, and for those Karlnap shippers who missed their favorite ship in this book, worry not. My next book will have Karlnap moments that I hope you will enjoy. +

Again please check descriptions and tags before starting, for your safety+

My next book is entitled My Vow to You+

And as always, see you guys on the next adventure2

- Le1zel (≧◡≦)7

"Thanks for your help son, I don't think we could have carried all the boxes in without your help. Old age is starting to kick in," Alexander told Dream, who was single-handily carrying in a large box.+

"Speak for yourself Alex. I'm still in my prime, and can lift a couple of things without breaking my back." Jeremy stated smugly, as he walked through the door with two medium sized boxes.1

The pair were soon engaged in a friendly banter, with Andrew serving as a mediator. In the corner of the room was his mother, who was busy cleaning and arranging things with the help of Catherine and Amanda.+

After living at the pack house with them for nearly two years, his parents, along with Sapnap and George's, decided to move into a large house and spend their retirement years together.+

Don't get them wrong, they loved their parents and were eternally grateful for their support, especially during the dark period they experienced after George's miscarriage. But it was a bit difficult to do intimate things together with them around. Once everything was moved in, Dream said his goodbyes and headed back home with a smile.+

~0~0~0~+

"They're looking great Quackity, your new training regimen is certainly effective." Sapnap commented, as he watched the pack warriors doing mock battles.+

In the corner of his eye, he could see Tommy laying down on the ground exhausted, with Technoblade standing over him and mocking him playfully. This enraged the boy, who immediately stood up and tried to attack his big brother, only to ended up back on the floor again. Tubbo on the other hand was getting trained by Wilbur, who was much more gentle with his coaching. Under the shade of a tree stood Philza, who looked over his family affectionately.1

This little scene stirred up some longing in Sapnap, and he suddenly wanted to go home to his mates. He lingered a bit longer however, when Karl came around with a couple of plans for renovating the old buildings. He made his own comments, and then said his goodbyes to both the brunette and Quackity.+

He had gotten quite close to both Karl and Quackity, and he loved spending time with them, but right now he needed his mates.+

~0~0~0~+

"Now calm down Mars, your father will be here soon," George whispered to his fuzzing baby girl.+

He carried her downstairs to the backyard porch, where a hammock hung. Inside the hammock was another baby, but this one was a boy.+

The boy started giggling when he saw George and his sister, which made the omega smile. "Hello Beckerson, your dad is coming home too."14

He laid Mars right next to Beckerson, and the pups cuddled and giggled together for absolutely no reason. George gently swung the hammock, and eventually the twin babies fell asleep.+

He smiled at them fondly, before kissing them both on their heads. "Papa loves you..."9

He then laid down on the bench right next to the hammock, and let out a deep sigh. He was tired from looking after his pups all day, and actually ended up falling asleep.+

He then began to dream about the day that he gave birth to the little bundles of trouble. It seemed like it only happened yesterday, though it has already been a couple of months.+

"Breath George breath, you can do this, all you got to do is simply breath in and out," Sapnap encouraged as George tightly gripped onto his hand, while Dream held the other.+

"Easier said than done Jerk!" George gritted out.+

"George, you have got to calm down," Dream said, before both he and Sapnap yelp out in pain, since the omega's claws were digging into their skin.2

"Calm down! No! You don't tell me to calm down idiot, there's a werewolf coming out of me!" the omega yelled.+

"Two of them actually," Red reminded as he entered the room, and took his position with a nurse besides him.+

George suddenly felt a sharp pain, and muttered out a string of curses.+

"I swear to the Moon Goddess above, you guys will be wearing condoms for the rest of your life, or I'll personally chop your dicks and balls off!" He yelled, making his mates grimace at the thought.6

"There's no need for that George. Tristan has developed birth control pills that work for werewolves, remember?" Red said, as nonchalantly as ever. "Now please leave the room Alpha and Beta, so we can prepare for C-section, the anesthesia will take affect soon," he commanded.2

The pair gave George a quick kiss each, before heading out of the room and making their way towards the waiting area. They both paced back and forth as they awaited for any news of their mate and pups.+

Their fathers had to eventually command them both to sit down, since they were starting to ruin the carpet.1

Eventually their ears picked out a shrilling cry, and they instantly stopped fidgeting. It was soon followed by another, which made silly smiles tug at their lips. +

"Congratulations boys!" Their parents said. After a quick round of hugs, they were called by one of the nurses.+

Dream and Sapnap joined hands, as they walked back to the room George was in. The brunette smiled at them tiredly, the effects of the surgery still taking a toll on him, but that wouldn't last long with his werewolf healing ability. +

"It's over Love, you can rest now." Dream said, as he and Sapnap kissed the omega's temples.+

"I want to hold them first." George replied.+

Once the pups were washed and wrapped, Red placed Beckerson in the omega's arms, while Sapnap held onto baby Mars.+

Beckerson had Dream's green eyes and brown hair. Mars had black hair like Sapnap, and George's brown eyes.2

"They're perfect," George whispered out.+

"Just like you are Love..." both of his mates said.1

"Simps," George teased, and they all laughed, before smiling again at their cooing pups.+

George slowly stirred from his sleep when he heard humming, and when he opened his eyes, he found Dream holding Beckerson. 1

When the blonde noticed his now awake mate, he smiled. "He started whimpering, and I didn't want him to wake you."+

George sat up then walked over to kiss Dream. The latter smiled, and placed the now sleeping pup back with his sister, then sat down on the bench. George straddled his thighs and hugged him tight.+

"So how was your day?" George asked.+

"Pretty productive actually, and we have a pack coming over to visit in a few weeks. I believe the Alpha's name was Dominic, and is mated to his Gamma, Demetri. Quite an interesting match up really, since they both presented as alphas." Dream said as he adjusted his position to lay down on the bench, with George on top of him.10

Those names rang a bell, but George couldn't remember where he heard them from. Just then the door opened to reveal Sapnap, who gave his mates a smile before heading over to the hammock.+

"Hello Mars and Beck, your father missed you both so much." he whispered, as he gently rocked the hammock+

"How's Tristan by the way?" Dream asked, and George merely sighed.+

The omega had been trying to encourage his friend to go out and meet people. He didn't want his friend to be alone for the rest of his life, but Tristan would merely say, "I don't think that I'll meet my soulmate in this life, but perhaps I will in the next. All I want in my next life, is to be friends with you three again."+

"He's stubborn as ever..." the brunette grumbled.+

Sapnap chuckled then walked over to his two mates, who were hogging the entire bench in their embrace. "Is there room for one more in there?" he asked.+

Dream and George immediately sat up and pulled him onto the bench, before sandwiching him. They then shared a round of quick, but sweet kisses. "There will always be room for you."7

+

This chapter is only for those who have read majority of my books especially LLHG and JU...+

Back on the astral plains+

=0=0=0=0=0=0=+

The brown haired woman smiled as she glanced over to her right, to see three orbs glowing brightly, with a red string connecting all three of them. One orb was green, the other a blue, and the the last was orange.+

She then turned her attention to the dull red orb floating in front of her. She tapped it and a red string stuck to the orb and followed her finger. Then she turned and tapped a dull violet one, effectively connecting the two lives together.1

"Perhaps one of the Mafia Aus," she muttered out, and the two newly connected orbs started glowing dimly, before rising up to join the other colorful balls of light above her.2

When these two people would be born in their new universe, their orbs would glow just as brightly as the others. The woman crossed her fingers, and hoped that these two souls would find each other without too many issues.+

White colored thread then left her finger tips, and she scanned around the area to decide on who these two souls would meet, on their next adventure. +

The woman heard someone clapping behind her, and she twirled around then scowled when her eyes met Leon.+

"It's always such a beautiful sight to see you at work. You look absolutely stunning when your eyes glimmer with passion and excitement." he commented.+

She scoffed, "Since you've failed, you decided to come up here and simp for me, very professional Leon."1

"Hey a loss is a loss," he said walking over to the black board, and drawing a tally on her side. The score has changed, and Leon already had three strikes on his side instead of just one.+

She turned away from him and decided to continue on her task, when he suddenly appeared right in front of her, making her jump a bit.+

"You're rather cute when you get scared." he said sadistically, and she just glared at him.+

Leon floated up to the orbs that she had newly connected, and teasingly ran his finger along the red string. "So fragile, it would be so easy to..." he trailed off as he started to pull at the string, making it strain under the pressure.+

A cold knife instantly pressed against his back, "Don't even think about it..." the woman said in a cold voice.+

"Yesh, you're scary when you're mad Hazel." he said as he back away.+

Leon then glanced at the green, blue, and orange orbs floating nearby, and smirked. "Till their next life then," he said with a mock bow, before turning into a raven again and flying away.+

"Is he always such an ass?" The Moon Goddess said, popping out from nowhere.+

"He takes great pleasure in separating soul mates using any means possible, of course he's an ass." Hazel answered while putting her dagger away. "Thank you for your support though, they managed to finally defeat him thanks to you."+

"I didn't expect him to actually appear to Seth in a dream. Leon it a crude man."2

"That he is..." Hazel stated. "On a lighter note, Aiden and Derick? Really?" she continued in a teasing tone, making the Moon Goddess blush in embarrassment.+

"I told you that I suck at coming up with names!"+

"You could have named them anything, and all you did was change their previous names a bit. From Adrien to Aiden and from Fredrick to Derick, like seriously?"6

"Oh come on, I had much more important things on my mind. Like making sure those boys don't die under my watch for a third time..." The Moon Goddess claimed, as she motioned over to the three orbs.+

"Yes, we did succeed this time, but will we in their next life." Hazel said with in a worried voice, before letting out a sigh. "Well anyway, Adrien and Fredrick got their happy ending, and I'm leaving them in your care from now on."+

The Moon Goddess bowed respectfully, then transformed into a white wolf, before magically running on air back to her island.+

Hazel gracefully sat down on her bed, as she looked at the many lives around her. "I will do my best to ensure your happy endings..."+

And here I thought I couldn't write anything worse than Olympian Syndrome...I really surprised myself with this one5

For the sake of my sanity, I'm gonna have to tone it down in my next book+

Also, Lore! You guys are smart, I bet you can put the pieces together easily. And no this was no random addition, this whole thing was planned out before even publishing my first book. (Loving you is a crime)+

Note that though the Lore chapters will appear in order, they may have some lifetimes in between them. Hence why in the first lore chapter Leon had just gotten his first point, and now in the second chapter he has three. Perhaps something happened in between...? 2

The whole story will be explained in a future book, but that won't be coming out anytime soon, because I already know that it's going to be a long one.+

Also Also, I've gotten a couple of request for reader x Tristan, and I am hear to say that I have decided to grant your wish. Though I can't guarantee that it will be good, since I am not accustomed to that writing style. 6

You will find 2 new chapters in my Snippets and Extras book, one with Tristan topping, and the other of him bottoming, so just pick which one suits your preferences.  For those of you who are not interested in reading that, I still suggest reading the first part of Top Tristan, and the ending of Bottom Tristan to find a short bonus story of my pansexual son [not to mention a little surprise at the end] I've marked up the section so you can just skip the smut and head over to that part if you want.  +

Anyways, as usual I would like to thank all of you for reading this book, making funny comments, and for voting on the chapters.+

Love you all so much <31

 I want you all to know that you are absolutely amazing people for actually making it through this book, and for just being you.+

So my next book will be back to Dreamnotfound, and for those Karlnap shippers who missed their favorite ship in this book, worry not. My next book will have Karlnap moments that I hope you will enjoy. +

Again please check descriptions and tags before starting, for your safety+

My next book is entitled My Vow to You+

And as always, see you guys on the next adventure2

- Le1zel (≧◡≦)7





