+


                                
                            
                              
                                  
                              
                              
                                
                                  
                                  
                                
                              
                             
                          

C O P Y R I G H T+

This book bears the copyright of Ashleigh Reeds. This means that no part of this story may be reproduced, stored or transmitted in any form - by means of electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, scanning, screenshot or otherwise unless authorized by the author.+

_____________+

S U M M A R Y+

Leading the largest, most feared werewolf pack in America wasn't easy. As the Alpha, Haden Pierce carried the strength of his pack on his shoulders since his father was attacked by rogues. At the age of 17, he was forced to build bonds, strengthen relationships, and create a pack aura that no one would dare challenge. He led by fear, but he also led by loyalty and a determination to protect his family at all costs. After the years passed, and not finding his mate, he had given up on finding his mate and planned out his future so his pack would remain strong from the rogues that threatened to bring them down. His hatred of rogues and what they stood for ran deep.That was until Zara Ferrari, his mate, crossed his lands.The very thing he despised - a rogue - was now his mate. And as much as he tried to fight, as much as he tried to resist, the fire between them was undeniable. Would he give in or will they both get burned?+

+

DISCLAIMER:+

IGNITE is a slow-burn but you'll enjoy passionate mates, possessive exes, reunited families, unexpected betrayals and so much more! If you love the heat and don't mind some suspense that will have you at the edge of your seat waiting for the next chapter, click 'Start Reading' and enjoy ;)7

Also, this is a rewrite of Unwillingly, Unprotected Heart. A lot of the scenes and character stories have changed so no need to read that one if you haven't already. Start fresh with Ignite :D+

+

_____________

E X T R A C T

+

     "Did you honestly think you could escape from us?" I asked skeptically once I stood in front of her again. The rogue had no response. "did you think your attack on our pack would go unnoticed?" I continued. She still had no response, which only infuriated me more.+

"Did you think you and your band of misfits would be any match for us? They're all dead... all but you," I carried on, not missing the way her fists clenched at the mention of her dead comrades. "You rogues are all the same, and you all belong the same place - 6 feet under. And look at all the destruction you've caused! Did you honestly think you stood a chance with us?"+

Still no response.+

She kept her head down, her blonde hair handing down in her face, the remnants of branches and leaves tangled in her curls. At this stage, especially with my reputation of killing rogues on sight, my prisoners would be on their knees begging for their lives. Their cries and screams would fill this room as I ripped them limb from limb, gathering all the information I could about other rogue camps that needed to be eliminated. +

Not this one. +

Instead of cries and pleas, silence bounced off my ears. I don't know if she had given in to the defeat or if she was just daring enough to not say anything at all. +

"Who sent you? Who are you working for?" I questioned her as I circled her once again, clasping my arms behind my back as I paced. Again, no response. With me behind her, I swept my feet underneath her and watched her fall to her knees.+

"Who sent you? Who are you working for?"+

Again, I was met with no response.+

"Answer me rogue!" I shouted again, the anger finding my core and unleashing the monster within me. I gripped a fist full of her hair and pulled her head up as I continued, "and look at me when I'm talking to you! Who the hell sent---" +

Oh, fuck me.10

All the anger subsided as a beautiful pair of blue eyes connected with my own. I was staring into shades of blue that couldn't compare to blue skies on a clear day. The realization hit me harder than I thought it would and I didn't need my wolf to confirm it. The tremor shook me before he said anything, the feeling of the bond being created. +

Mate, my wolf called out in my head, immediately softening to her. Immediately forgetting that she was the enemy.3

Fuck my life.+

***+

+

I want to thank everyone who read the original book, Unwillingly, Unprotected Heart! You stuck through the cringey scenes and I truly appreciate you for it. That book grew to 1.5 million reads and I couldn't have done that without you. Now buckle up for the fully refreshed version of Haden and Zara's story (without all the confusion).+

And for the newcomers, welcome and thank you for checking this story out! You're really in for a treat and I can't wait until you meet these amazing characters. +

Happy reading!+

- Ashleigh+

  2024 © Ashleigh Reeds. All rights reserved. +

 Chapter 01 - In The Cold+

ZARA+

+

      There was a time when things were good. Better than good. The flashes of my childhood haunted my thoughts, and a sigh left my lips as I looked out to the water stream, pulling the T-shirt over my head and running my fingers through my messy blonde hair. The images were vague, happening in blurs, but one constant remained: a baby reaching for its mother.+

Family wasn't a luxury I had growing up the way I did. Not anymore. The painful reminder of my family's downfall would forever weigh down on my shoulders, a weight too heavy for me to bear. Crouching down, I looked at my reflection in the water, the woman almost unrecognizable.+

Living the life of a rogue wasn't easy. If you wanted something, you had to take it. No questions, no hesitations. Every day was a constant struggle, teetering on the line of life and death, never knowing if you'd make it across or fall overboard. You had to fight for everything you wanted and you couldn't be afraid to defend yourself. In this life, you quickly realize that you can only depend on you.+

"You almost done there goldilocks?"+

Well, I thought to myself with a smile, it depends on who you surround yourself with. Until you find your chosen family.+

I stood, glancing back at Frankie, our newest addition, as I pulled the tie on my drawstring bag. The fifteen-year-old stood eagerly as I walked over to him. Life hadn't exactly been kind to him either, only joining us about four months ago when he was kicked out of his pack by an old, ruthless Alpha.+

"How many times do I have to tell you to stop calling me that?" I jokingly asked as I ruffled his dark brown hair. "Is Mason back yet?"+

Frankie shook his head.+

"Not yet but they're due back any second now. Let's hope they scored some decent food," he said.+

"Yeah, we don't want to –"+

"Zara!"+

My head snapped up, immediately dropping my bag at the sight of Mason's arm wrapped around Paul's shoulders. They were both covered in blood and bruises, and I could see Paul limping as they both stumbled towards the campsite.+

"What the hell happened?!" I exclaimed as I moved closer to them, aiding Mason by moving to the other side of Paul and adjusting his other arm over my shoulder. We carried him over to the log where he sat by the fire, wincing as he did so.+

"They caught us, the bastards!" Paul cursed as he adjusted himself, "I don't know how they did it but they knew we were coming."+

I knelt beside him and tried to tend to his wounds as best as I could.+

"Who? How? That isn't possible," I said as I furrowed my eyebrows and looked up at Mason.+

"They knew Zara! They knew!" Paul continued. "And now they have Rebecca and Liam. Beth and Danny are both gone. Hell for all we know, Rebecca and Liam could be dead too."+

"Frankie, why don't you go get a clean bucket of water for Paul while me and Zara have a talk?" Mason asked, nudging his head to the side.+

"Aye aye captain," Frankie said and Mason pulled me by my arm, out of hearing range.+

"What the fuck happened Mason? You said you were just going to get food and clothes."+

"That was... part of the plan. No wait! Listen to me, Zara, things weren't supposed to get this out of control," Mason said in his defence.+

"This out of control?! What does that even mean? Where did you go?"+

He looked at me for a while before he answered, and the minute he gave the name I knew we were all dead.+

"We went into Triton."+

The Triton pack was the largest, most ruthless werewolf pack in the country. They had the masses to fully take over the entire state and every year they got larger and larger. +

Everyone knew about their pack and their Alpha – the power-hungry son of a bitch who hated rogues with a passion. He was the kill-now-ask-questions-later type of guy, and rogues were on the top of that hit list. The sadistic bastard would hang the bodies of the rogues he killed just on the edge of his borders to send a message.+

"Why on Earth would you go into that territory? You know the consequences!"+

"You think I knew it was their territory?! The lands weren't claimed! But once they spotted us, did you honestly expect me to just run with my tail between my legs like a coward?"+

"That's exactly what you do, especially when you don't have the resources to attack the freaking Tritons! Our family is dead, Mason! There's no coming back from that."+

"How are you putting their deaths in me? I wasn't the one who killed them. If those bastards didn't attack us first –"+

"Wait... they attacked you first on unclaimed territory?" I growled, folding my arms across my chest. "Those power-hungry sons of –"+

"Trust me, I'm fuming more than you are. They keep expanding and narrowing down our free lands. Their need for power, for expansion, shouldn't come at our expense! We weren't the ones to attack first, they were."+

He was right. These Alphas never know when to quit, trust me I knew that firsthand. Frustrated at the entire situation, another growl escaped me as I ran a hand through my hair.+

"We need to get them back, Mason."+

"Something we can agree on. The thing is, Paul can't fight. The man can barely walk now. And there's no way we're bringing Frankie."+

"No way! I want to come," Frankie protested behind me, making me spin to face him. He didn't even look guilty that he was eavesdropping, he just continued. "This is my family too. I know I haven't been here long, but you guys are as close to family as I'll ever get. I want to help."+

"It's too dangerous," Mason said.+

"I can do what I want," the boy said proudly, "and I want to fight for my family."+

"Zara?" Mason turned to look at me.+

I shook my head.+

"Mason's right, it's too dangerous. The best way you can help now is to stay here and take care of Paul. No, no buts. Paul's your family too right? Stay and take care of him."+

Frankie mumbled under his breath and walked back towards the campsite.+

"Let's get ready, we leave at sundown," Mason said.+

     Fury pushed me further as I ran on all fours to the Triton territory, With Mason running right beside me, anger coursed through me. The Tritons messed with the wrong rogues today. I'll personally make them see that. How dare they attack my family? How dare they take the people I loved away from me? +

Alphas already took everything from me and I wasn't about to add this to the list.+

Greed controlled Alphas like Haden. His need for power and expansion was going to be the death of him, but I didn't mind beating Death to the task. His life will be mine today. +

+

Chapter 02 - Gathering Firewood +

HADEN+

+

+

     Fate couldn't be this cruel.+

All my life I had searched for the perfect woman – someone who would stand by me and be the Luna of this pack as we both protected it against the rogues that threatened to destroy us. All this time, she was on the other side fighting for the ones that wanted to tear my pack apart.+

This had to be a sick joke.+

There was nothing I despised more than rogues, yet fate saw it fit to pair me with one. How fucking laughable. +

My eyes were lost in hers, an incomparable shade of blue, and I saw realization swimming in them, confirming that my wolf hadn't been confused. The woman – the rogue – kneeling before me was in fact my mate.+

"You..." I uttered, trailing off as I released the grip on her hair and stepped back to fully take her in. Her kinky blonde hair, captivating blue eyes, pink lips I was tempted to lean into. Everything about her pulled me in.+

I cursed silently, finding it hard to deny how beautiful she was even beneath all the blood, dust, and dirt. But Lunas weren't just captivatingly beautiful. They were supposed to be the support system for the Alpha and the pack – the nurturing, loving, and kind-hearted women who put the pack's needs before their own.+

Not a fucking rogue.+

I cleared my throat, refusing to let the revelation deter me from the chaos she caused. +

"Who are you and who are you working for?" I growled at her, putting aside the way my wolf protested. +

Stop talking to our mate like that, my wolf snarled. +

She isn't our mate until I say she is, I snapped back as aI glared at the woman in front of me.+

I already had a Luna in mind. Natalia was born to lead and she possessed the skills and temperament it took to be an Alpha Female. The rogue, on the other hand, was an unpredictable element, a chaotic force that could only bring damage and destruction, serving no purpose other than self-interest. Natalia was the one that would be by my side, not some rogue who turned up out of nowhere.+

"Are you working with the Rogue King?" I continued to question her, growling when I watched her scoff. "Do you think this is funny, rogue? What about this situation could possibly be funny?"+

"Oh I can think of a few things," she smartly replied, her defiant gaze locking onto mine. Her voice was smooth like silk, pulling me in and making it ten times harder for me to resist her. My wolf wanted to mark her and mate her right here, right now. +

She would ruin us all.+

Her gaze challenged mine, the audacity of her response only fueling the fire that was my frustration.+

"Who sent you in my territory?" I asked again. This time, she simply rolled her eyes and sighed exasperatedly. She shook her head, a feeble attempt to move the stands of blonde hair out of her face. Remnants of branches and leaves fell to the ground at her movement and I narrowed my eyes at her. +

My reputation of tearing rogues limb from limb alone should have her shaking in fear, but instead I get defiance. And this is the woman who I should claim as my mate? Internally, I scoffed.+

Give me a fucking break.+

"Who are you and what are you doing my lands?" I asked through gritted teeth.+

Again, silence. +

The air crackled with tension as I tried to gather my thoughts, fighting the impulsive reaction to rush towards her and remove the chains from her hands; the destructive reaction of wrapping my arms around her and protecting her at all costs. +

"You will answer me, rogue!" I growled at her, my voice dripping with aggression as I lunged forward, seizing her by the throat. At the sudden contact, electricity coursed through me and I had to force away the desirable, distracting sensations. I had to focus on the interrogation.+

"Oh yeah, or what?" she retorted daringly, her eyes staring into mine. +

"Don't test me," I warned.+

"Or you'll kill me?" she continued then her tone changed to a whisper as she leaned in and taunted, "go ahead. Kill me and end this for us both."+

I could hear the double meaning in her words. My glare intensified, my grip tightening around her throat, a consequence of my growing irritation and a warning that she should have respected. +

It wasn't supposed to be this way. This wasn't the Luna the pack deserved. She was a low-life, a rogue who wanted nothing more than to destroy and dismantle. +

"You're not going to kill me," she repeated with too much confidence for my liking. The atmosphere changed between us and suddenly the room belonged to us and no one else. The heat passing between us was almost suffocating as we stood locked in a silent battle of wills.+

Snapping, I growled and pushed her away, my eyes narrowing as I assessed her with a newfound intensity before ripping my gaze from hers. My resistance to this rogue wearing thin and I fucking hated it. +

I shouldn't want her; I couldn't. +

The dance between predator and prey had shifted, and I found myself drawn into the mystery she was. My mind was racing, trying to decipher what I should do about the woman who was fated to be with me forever. +

"Who sent you here and who are you working for?" I asked again, impatiently waiting for her answer. The rogue, seemingly unbothered by the tension in the room and between us, maintained a defiant posture. Fucking typical. Her eyes shone with determination and resistance as if daring me to make her talk. She was baiting me, willing to push me over the edge, and I wasn't going to let it happen. +

I wasn't about to let some rogue get the better of me. +

"I'm going to ask you one more time, rogue," I sneered at her. "Who are you and what are you doing on my lands?"+

"I'm getting tired of your question, Alpha," she responded with a bored expression. I ignored the jolt of excitement that ran through me at the mention of my title from her lips. My mind tried to venture to the image of her on her back and me buried inside her but I kept myself on track. +

Focused.+

"You rogues think you can charge onto my lands and cause a panic without any consequences?" I snarled at her as I moved forward and grabbed her by her chin and pulled her gaze to mine. +

"If you're not going to kill me, the least you could do is get these ridiculous chains off me," she shrugged, pointedly lifting the chains. My wolf wanted so much to release her, but she was a rogue and she needed to answer my questions. +

I spun around and ran a hand down my face, stuck at a crossroads. How far could I possibly get with this woman? She was a rogue. Hell, for all I knew she was working with the sadistic bastard who took down my father.+

The Rogue King.+

Leader of the rogues and a betrayer to werewolf colonies aimed to dismantle the pack system. He reveled in chaos and disorder, and disappeared like a ghost in the night. The bastard was ruthless, his desire for power and territory leading him to our pack eight years ago. The fight was brutal and it resulted in his cunning attempt to end my father, injecting him with a silver-laced poison that left him paralyzed and severed his connection with his wolf. +

+

Chapter 03 - Lighting Charcoal+

ZARA+

+

        I held my tongue as resistance threatened to show its cruel face. My attempts to control my anger as I was pushed and pulled across the room. The men were obediently following the orders of their precious little Alpha and my wolf seethed under the surface, a restless energy pulsating within as she tried to claw for control.  She knew what I wanted to deny – the bastard of an Alpha was my mate.+

A mate was a luxury a rogue rarely had. Finding someone willing to throw away the cultures of a pack to become a rogue for the rest of their lives wasn't easy. When I found Mason, he had eighteen rogues accompanying him but twelve of them met their mates over the years and left the life of a rogue behind.+

This life wasn't for everyone.+

Despite being forced into this life, I adapted quickly and I wasn't going to give it all up for a man like Alpha Haden of the Triton pack. The man went around killing rogues for fun. That wasn't someone I wanted in my life. It was a cruel twist of fate really, one that seemed to mock the very essence of rogue independence. My instincts, and the undeniable connection with Haden, wrestled with the bitterness of my own defiance.+

My wolf wanted this union, clearly, but I didn't. I wasn't about to be pushed around by an Alpha again – not again, not anymore. As they led me out the door, I steeled myself against the inevitable collision between two conflicting worlds. The rogue within me, shaped by years of defiance and autonomy, resisted the mere thought of submitting to an Alpha who reveled in the bloodshed of my kind. +

"Move it, rogue," a voice snarled behind me as he pushed me down the hallway, almost making me lose my footing. As we strolled through the expansive space, my eyes roamed, absorbing the modern aesthetics that defined each room. +

The kitchen, a pristine expanse of sophistication, showcased a palette of white, gray, and black. White marble floors laid the foundation, their smooth surface enhancing the air of elegance. Dark gray countertops seamlessly merged with matching cupboards, creating a sleek and contemporary atmosphere. The island at the room's heart, outlined by illuminated glass, became a focal point, demanding attention with its understated yet captivating design.+

Switching my gaze to the living room, pops of teal blue stood out from the modern gray couches and off-white walls. The generously sized, patterned rug covered the cream carpet floors, the various shades of blue complimenting the pillows and paintings in the room.+

Two women and one of the men from the meeting were sitting on the couch, their soft laughter sounding the room. At the sound of our entrance, the woman with pale blonde hair gracefully stood. Dressed in full white, her loose pants flowed gracefully with her with every step she took and a smile found her face at the two men behind me.+

"Hey Logan, hey Jonah," she greeted with a warm smile, "did you guys finish your big meeting? Where's Haden?"+

Even her voice sounded like silk.+

"Hey Nat, hey Abi," one of them behind me greeted.+

"What's going on?" the blonde-haired goddess asked, her eyes landing on me with curiosity, "and didn't Haden come back with you?"+

"He... he went for a run Natalia," another voice stuttered from behind me.+

"Did he now?" the man on the couch mused stretching out his legs and folding his arms behind his head to get comfortable.+

"But he –" the woman, Natalia, went on but was interrupted.+

"Come on, Nat, I'm sure you're not going to die from not seeing the love of your life, are you?" the man on the couch teased. +

She rolled her eyes at the comment as she folded her arms, "Shut up, James," she playfully snapped before those brilliant orbs narrowed in my direction and her smile faltered.+

"Who is this?" she asked, her eyes running me up and down, "and why is she trailing footprints all over the house? It's bad enough that we have to clean up after you two."+

"She's one of the rogues we caught trespassing in our territory," one of the men behind me offered but my eyes didn't leave the woman, Natalia, and neither did hers. I don't know what it was between us but I could sense the tension – the underlying conflict. My wolf was on edge and it wasn't from meeting that gorgeous man earlier.+

"Ah, no wonder he isn't back," Natalia sneered and I couldn't help but hear the judgemental tone in her voice, "rogues always set him on edge. Your kind is the poison of the werewolf community."+

If I wasn't bothered by her before, I was now. The anger started pulsing through my veins at the judgemental tone and the words that flowed with it.+

"You really don't want me to tell you who the real poison is, bitch," I growled. There was a stillness in the air, and no one dared to move or speak. It was as if time stood still, holding both of us hostage by the throats. My eyes didn't leave hers and I noticed the anger flood her irises.+

"You better watch that tone when you speak to me –," she growled back and took a step closer to me.+

"Or what? You'll put me in a time-out?" I mocked, "you wouldn't want to mess up those pretty little nails of yours, would you?" I smirked at her, chuckling internally at the sight of the rage building inside her. She didn't hide her emotions very well, that much was clear.+

"Don't fucking interrupt me! Who the hell do you think you are? This is our territory – OURS – that you're trespassing on –"+

"And that gives you and your pack the right to kill us without question? That is complete bullshit! The lot of you didn't even give us a chance before you decided that our lives were worth less than your own. But what should I expect from a group of spoilt, power-hungry pack members? Oh, I'm sorry princess, am I being too real for you? Get over yourself."+

The silence in the room after that explosion was deafening. I could tell they were surprised by my outburst but something needed to be said for these people to understand the reality of the situation.+

"I don't know who you think you are but you have one more time to interrupt me," she growled at me.+

I chuckled.+

"Oh, honey, I think you've mistaken me for someone who gives a fuck," I feigned a sweet smile as I continued, "besides, what's the worse a pretty little princess like you can do? Put me in the corner for a time-out?"+

Natalia let out a growl and the men holding me quickly released when they saw her spring forward. James also sprung up from the couch to stand beside Natalia.+

"Natalia, what are you doing?!"+

"Let go of me, Logan!" She shrieked, "how dare this low life speak to me like that? Who does she think she is!"+

The man to her right, Logan, held her firmly despite her numerous attempts to escape. My smirk widened at the sight of Miss Perfect losing control. She thought she was better than me because she had grown up with a golden spoon in her mouth?+

Give me a break.+

James stepped up and whispered something in her ear but it didn't stop her motive of trying to get free.+

"No enough! I don't know who she thinks she is but she's in the wrong place for it. Besides, rogues deserve to be sent to the cells and we all know it. What was Haden thinking bringing... you know what, I don't care. Get her out of this house!"+

+

Chapter 04 - A Flicker Of Light+

HADEN+

+

      Pulling up my pants, I sighed in contentment as I felt the tension leave my muscles and the stressful thoughts erased from my mind. Running always helped with any troubled thoughts that I had and the connection with my wolf always felt stronger afterwards. Grabbing a T-shirt and slipping it on, I made my way to the pack house.+

Halfway there, the uneasiness from my wolf was back and a groan escaped my lips at the thought of the woman who now plagued my mind. My rogue of a mate. The peasant decided to trample my lands with the rest of her rogue friends. +

Fate really was cruel. +

The thought of a rogue being my mate was unimaginable, especially the thought of her working with the man who destroyed my family and almost dismantled this pack.+

The only way to get answers would be to drill them out of her. I needed to make sure there were no ties or links to the Rogue King so that the pack wasn't in any imminent danger. I would die before I handed that title over to an inexperienced, no-class, no-rank wolf like her.+

"Good evening Alpha," a few elderly women warmly greeted me as I passed them entering the pack house.+

"How are you doing ladies?" I asked warmly.+

They both smiled, "Doing well, thank you Alpha."+

With a parting smile, I nodded and rushed up the stairs to my office. I blamed my wolf for the twitchy feeling I felt coursing through my veins. I had been waiting forever for my mate and now I was stuck with this mess.+

Life really was a bitch.+

Opening my office door, I flipped the lights on and scanned the room, noticing its emptiness and the open windows with curtains flowing in the gentle breeze. My brows furrowed as I moved further into the room, making a point to check the bathroom, before I came to one conclusion.+

Then I cursed under my breath.+

I swear if they made that stupid, sexy rogue escape from...+

There's no way I just thought that. My wolf was getting out of control. I couldn't think like that. I couldn't want her. She was supposed to be the enemy, not someone I was intertwined with. Shaking my head to ditch those thoughts, I continued to look for the woman but found nothing. Either they didn't follow my direct orders or they let her escape. For all their sakes, they better hope it was the former.+

'Does someone want to tell me where the rogue is? You know, the one that was supposed to be waiting in my office?' I mindlinked them all while trying to keep myself calm, 'because if you assholes tell me that you managed to let this little wolf escape, I'm killing all of you!'+

A snicker came to my mind from James.+

'You wouldn't kill your best friend,' James said confidently.+

'Oh really, wanna bet?' I asked challenging him. Then I heard a sigh before Conner's voice.+

'You guys are so annoying. You're pretty much interrupting –' he was about to say but Jonah cut him off as the mental image flooded all our thoughts.+

'Dude, that's gross! Now I have that mental image embedded in my mind!' Jonah gagged.+

'What are you, twelve? Get over yourself,' Conner replied but before they could both get into a pissing match, I mentally cleared my throat.+

'Remember I asked a question here?' I reminded them. And there was silence, 'someone better answer me,' I said to them, feeling my patience wearing thin. Still silence.+

'I'd like to think this is a conversation between you and the rest so I'll excuse myself to make love with my mate,' and with that, Conner blocked the channel and if I were in a better mood, I would've rolled my eyes at the subtle hint at the word mate from him.+

'Where is she?' I growled.+

'Who are we talking about again? There are so many people in the world –' James started but I cut him off.+

'I'm not in the mood for games! Where the fuck is she?' I mentally scolded him, clenching my fists.+

'Chill out will you?' he said, 'your little rogue is in the basement.'+

"What?!" I exclaimed out loud without meaning to. A new level of frustration found me and all I saw was red. Growling at the thought of someone putting my mate in –+

No, not my mate. The rogue we were currently questioning. Taking a minute to regain my composure, I strung out a sigh and ran my hand through my hair before I responded to James.+

'What do you mean she's in the basement? Who the hell put her in there after I specifically gave the order to bring her to –' I ranted in the mind-link but Logan stopped me.+

'Alpha, we didn't put her in there. She –' he said but I cut him off.+

'She what?! She just walked around and said 'Oh let me just walk myself down to the basement just to see what it looks like.' I gave you and Jonah direct orders to take her to my office for further questioning. What words got lost in translation?' I asked angrily as I stormed out of the room.+

'Would you let us explain?!' James shouted and I growled at him in a warning but he ignored it and continued, 'The rogue and Natalia got into an argument over one stupid insult then Natalia did what she does best – overreact. She got Jonah and Logan to take her downstairs and she's been down there for about three hours now. If you want someone to blame, go blame her,' James huffed then blocked us out.+

The explanation made me stop in the middle of the hallway and my mind went to Natalia. What the hell was she thinking defying an Alpha order? My wolf growled at the thought of her defiance, especially towards... the rogue.+

'I don't care what the situation was! When I give an order, I expect it to be followed through - is that clear?' I growled at Logan and Jonah, 'Natalia will be getting an earful from me when I'm finished bringing the rogue to my office as I requested. Both of you are on border patrol for the next month. Maybe then you'll come to your fucking senses and listen to the Alpha of this pack.'+

'Yes Alpha,' then both groaned and I shut them out. With my fists clenched, I marched out of the room and made my move toward the basement. There should be no reason for Natalia to interfere with an Alpha order.+

She had no right, my wolf growled at the thought, She doesn't respect us! my wolf continued.+

Being an Alpha meant that your senses and emotions were on overdrive, so the rage I felt coursing through me for Natalia was indescribable. I had to see her and find out what the hell was going through her mind. My wolf was already on edge at the mere thought of our mate being trapped in the basement cells, then now to add Natalia's defiance to the mix.+

And I'm pissed off at you too! How dare you walk away from our mate?! he added.+

Descending down the stairs, I listened keenly for any sign of Natalia being in the house. As soon as I came past the kitchen, I heard laughter bouncing off the walls in the living room. Along with Natalia, two she-wolves sat with her on the couch watching the TV and eating popcorn.+

"Hey baby," she greeted me almost immediately and a growl erupted from my chest as I entered the room. At that, I could see the hint of fear that colored their eyes.+

+

Chapter 05 - Ignoring The Flame+

ZARA+

+

     The man was insufferable.+

He was like a child, throwing a tantrum when things didn't go his way, growling and fussing about like the world was on fire. Why did fate have to pair me with this sad excuse of an Alpha? Then again, all Alphas were sad excuses. They were ruthless, vile creatures that didn't deserve the devotion and respect their pack members gave them.+

"He's your mate?" I heard Rebecca question.+

I scoffed and muttered, "Unfortunately."+

I didn't have to look at her to feel her sense of shock. In fact, the entire room was pin-drop quiet during our little conversation, so I wouldn't be surprised if they all heard every bit of it.+

"You hit the goldmine, Zara! The baddest, sexiest Alpha of the largest pack as your mate? That's –"+

"Ridiculous and complete bullshit," I finished for her, "my mate wouldn't lock me in a cell."+

"Yeah, well..." she trailed off and I nodded as if expecting the lack of rebuttal. I only said what was true. The Big Bad Alpha already had his life planned out from what I could see, he didn't need me. He didn't want me.+

You can't say that Zara, my wolf protested but I ignored her too. In life, you can only judge people by their actions, not their thoughts and well wishes. If he wanted me, he would have shown that by now. Instead, he was constantly questioning me on who I was and who sent me here. That isn't a mate, that's an Alpha.+

"At least you can get out of here," a raspy voice sounded from the other side of the room. He was right. The stupid, sexy Alpha ripped the cell door right off and I was standing in an unguarded cell. A smirk came to my lips before I looked around for an exit or a window I could easily slip through.+

If only I could...+

My thoughts were interrupted by the sound of harsh footsteps making their way to my cell. My ears detected three different sets and before I knew it three men were standing in front of me. I recognized one of them, the one standing before the other two. He was in the dull room that they brought me in for questioning, standing right beside their precious Alpha.+

"Well you must be the... rogue that Haden was talking about," he started, "I believe he would like to see you in his office."+

I stared at him unmoving then glanced behind him at the two men who wore stoic looks on their faces.+

"Oh, don't worry about them, it's just procedure for them to be here. I'm Connor, the Gamma of this pack," he introduced himself, stretching out his hand to me. I glanced down at his outstretched hand for a minute then glanced back at him, noticing that he didn't falter. There was definitely a sense of calmness that surrounded him. I could tell he was the level-headed one.+

Slowly, my hand met his and I responded, "Zara."+

He smiled.+

"Beautiful name for a beautiful girl, now let's get going. The Alpha will want you in his office when he gets back from his run."+

Connor stepped back and started walking towards the door but the other two men didn't move until I exited the cell and followed him. So much for my plan of escape.+

Greenery surrounded us as Connor and I walked towards a stony pathway and through the gardens. Looking further out, the evening sky hung above us and I saw an open field with children playing in the grass with mothers sitting by and watching them play. The sun was almost down, the golden hue disappearing beyond the trees with every passing second.+

"Enjoying the view?" I heard Connor ask making me raise a brow at him.+

"You're asking me about the view when you've got me trapped in a cell?"+

He chuckled, "Technically, I didn't put you there, Natalia did. And she got a good lecture from Haden about it too."+

Oh, did she now? Little Miss Perfect, I thought as I rolled my eyes mentally. She couldn't handle the truth, much like the Alpha. They were both up on their high horses and didn't give a damn about anyone but themselves.+

"And what did the Big Bad Alpha have to say?" I looked at him mockingly questioning his last statement.+

"Well, Haden wanted you brought to his office and Natalia went against his orders. He doesn't like to be defied."+

This time, I rolled my eyes for him to see. Typical Alphas and their power trips. He didn't like that things didn't go his way so, yet again, he made a big fuss about it.+

"What? Not a fan of the Alpha already?" he teased with a small smile on his lips.+

"He's like a spoilt brat so no,"+

Connor threw his head back in laughter then said, "Oh, you'll be so good for him."+

My shoulders tensed as I narrowed my eyes at him. He knew that we were mates? He met my gaze with a knowing smile and laughed a little more.+

"I have my suspicions that you are both mates, but he doesn't want to admit it. Are you?"+

"My mate wouldn't lock me in a cell," I echoed my words from earlier. He hummed in response and looked out to the children.+

"No, but a mate would protect what's his at all costs. He would withdraw his mate from situations that can cause them harm,"+

"Is that what you call this?" I sneered, "being dragged from a cell I didn't enter willingly to another confided space just at his request? Oh, your Alpha is a real charmer,"+

He smiled widely at my snarky response.+

"I never said he was smart," he chuckled then continued, "be open-minded to this. Haden had to take on a lot when he was younger, so it hasn't made him... sympathetic to rogues. He turned a blind eye to who they were as people and looked more at what their kind was, what your kind can do. And for you, a rogue, to be his mate? It would have been a hard pill to swallow for someone like him."+

"Your Alpha doesn't know me so he has no right to judge me. He took one look at me and put all those things he thinks he knows about rogues on my shoulders. To us – to our kind – he's the enemy; he's the selfish bastard who continuously treats us like trash and runs us out of our own homes because he wants to expand his territory even more than it already is. He's the greedy bastard who doesn't know when enough is enough, the monster who kills for fun. Let him take his pompous ass somewhere else,"+

He was silent for a long while as he took my words in and I didn't bother saying anything else, already feeling the fire coursing through my veins. It made me so angry when someone defended greed and ruthlessness.+

"You... you have a point, Zara, but not everything is that black and white. You must remember that there are two sides to every story and, while you both may not see it yet, you'll be good for each other. The Moon Goddess paired you both together for a reason and, well, mates are truly a gift," he said with a soft smile.+

I glanced at him when I asked, "Mated then, I presume?"+

When he nodded, I saw his eyes shine with love and devotion.+

"No wonder you're a sap," I joked and he laughed, shaking his head in amusement. He opened his mouth to respond but was interrupted by a woman running towards us with a frantic look on her face. She couldn't be any more than sixteen, her hazel eyes swimming with worry and her short black hair swaying in the wind as she ran towards us.+

"Gamma! We need your help," she exclaimed, "he... he won't stop. They both won't stop!"+

"Calm down, Terra, tell me what happened,"+

"It's Derek and Francino, oh my God, they're ripping each other to shreds. I... I didn't mean for this to happen. It's all my fault!" she continued as tears swelled in her eyes, "I think – I mean, we were just teasing Derek, me and Francino, but we didn't think he would get this upset."+

"Okay, where are they now?" calmly, Connor asked.+

The young girl swallowed, "by the wishing well. I don't know what they'd do if I'm not –"+

Connor frowned.+

"You guys know you're not supposed to be down there. It's too close to the border," he wiped a hand across his face in frustration before looking at me then he scanned the area. My brows furrowed at him and I was about to ask but he shouted across the lawn.+

"Asher, Jack! Over here," he called out and seconds later two buff men ran over, expectant expressions on their faces, "I have to deal with an issue. Take this rogue to the Alpha's office and guard the door." His voice left no room for argument.+

"Yes, sir,"+

Without another word, he and the young girl dashed across the field and through the tall trees. Folding my arms, I looked at the two men who glared down at me with hatred in their eyes already.+

"Move it rogue," one of them snarked out, "Alpha's office is that way."+

I ran my tongue across my teeth as I was pushed in that direction and struggled to contain the anger within me. The first shove I could get past, the second one I clenched my fingers but didn't react past that, it was the third one that I couldn't just ignore. At the third one, I snapped and spun around to shove them both.+

"What the hell do you think you're doing rogue?" one growled at me.+

"You've got a problem with me lapdog?" I growled right back.+

"Your kind disgusts me," he sneered, "you don't even have a place in the world. You're all just a bunch of low-life wolves who don't give a crap about anything or anyone but yourselves,"+

"Oh, is that supposed to make me cry," I feigned heartbreak, "boo hoo, someone thinks I don't fit in. I'm just going to cry myself to sleep. You're pathetic - you all think you're better than us but we're just alike me and you," I paused and smirked, looking him up and down, "well almost the same. Some are stronger, others not so much."+

"Is that a challenge rogue? I can have you flat on your ass so fast you'll -"+

"You'll do what exactly?" a new voice entered from behind me making the men before me immediately back down and hold their heads down in submission.+

+

-----+

EARLY CHAPTER ALERT ;)+

+

Hey everyone!+

How are we enjoying the book so far?+

I think we can all guess who came to the rescue hehe what do you think he had to say? +

+

06 - A Fierce Enkindling+

HADEN +

+

         I bared my teeth in a silent snarl, a visceral response to the disrespect aimed at the men who dared to speak that way to my... to the rogue. My wolf was on edge – has been ever since this woman came out of nowhere, and we've been having an internal battle over her acceptance. This woman, a rogue, stirred conflicting emotions within me. She was nothing but a rogue, but my wolf wanted her as his, the undeniable pull of the mate bond dragging us closer to the fire.+

I could feel the effects of it – something I had never experienced before. The idea of a mate was abandoned ages ago, yet here she was; a stranger possibly working with the man who shattered my family in pieces. Wordlessly, I saw her shoulders stiffen at my presence but she didn't turn around to look at me.+

"Dismissed," I commanded the men, my eyes narrowing with an unspoken warning. Then, addressing the rogue with an authoritative tone, I continued, "You, with me. Now."+

When she didn't turn around or make any indication of moving, I grabbed her forearm. Ignoring the shocks that accompanied the touch, I spun her around to look at me. The connection between us was growing stronger, both mentally and physically, only proven by the crackle between us as her eyes met mine.+

It didn't help that she was fucking beautiful. Despite the tension in the air, her expression remained guarded, and a silent challenge simmered beneath the surface.+

Rebellious as always.+

I didn't miss the way her eyes sneakily drifted down my bare chest before looking back at me. Or the hardened look in her eyes once they met mine again.+

"You will listen to me, rogue," I ordered. I didn't wait for a reply, I simply dragged her with me and led us towards the house and to my office.+

The room was almost dark, the sky making its transition from evening to night. Releasing my hold on her, I flipped the lights on and made a move to close the blinds before turning to look at her. +

Her glare shot bullets through me but I matched her energy from the opposite side of the room, both of us bombs with fuses lit, just waiting to explode. We were at war, that much was evident, and we would continue to be at war until she passed my tests. I needed to be sure she wasn't connected to the Rogue King in any way.+

"You need to tell me who you are and what you're doing here, rogue."+

Her glare intensified, if that was even possible.+

"I'm not telling you anything,"+

With a sigh, I shoved my hands in my jogging pants and cocked my head to the side as I looked at her. This woman knew how to make things difficult – a trait, I'm sure, was something that would get on my last nerves.+

"I'm getting tired of playing these games with you, rogue,"+

She scoffed and folded her arms.+

"Games? You mean the game you played when you locked me in a cell? Or how about the game when you killed my friends for sport?"+

"I already made it clear about your friends, or do you have a hard time hearing?"+

The fire lit up in her eyes and she pushed herself forward with her finger pointed at me as she shouted, "Don't you dare try to make quick comebacks! Don't you have the slightest sympathy that you and your pack of wild mutts killed two people –"+

"Do not dare call my pack wild mutts. Do not insult me," I growled at her, taking my own step forward. Like two waves colliding, imminent destruction in sight.+

"Are you feeling offended? Because the death of my friends is pretty offensive to me!"+

"This is going nowhere!" I shouted, "I kill threats against my pack every single day because that's exactly what they were – threats to my pack and my family. That might not mean much to a rogue like you but family is important to me."+

"You have –"+

"Who are you and who sent you here," I interjected, "two very simple questions that you find so hard to fucking answer. I need an answer to both and I need it now."+

"If you're going to kill me anyway, then what's the point?!" she exclaimed, her words echoing in the charged atmosphere. Her defiance laced with courage both impressed and infuriated me. +

I stared at her, a blank mask concealing the emotions that drove me, wrestling with the gush of fury at the mere suggestion that I could ever harm my mate. The primal howl of my wolf sounded within me painfully, longingly, as if she had stabbed in him the gut. +

The accusation hung in the air like a heavy fog, and I found myself inclined to side with my wolf's anguish. But I didn't show that, staring at her blankly instead and hiding the inner battle that I was facing.

"For what you did to this pack, you should be grateful that you're standing here right now," I retorted, the words dripping with a restrained anger that threatened to spill over.+

"Grateful?!" she erupted, her voice rising in a crescendo of frustration. "There should be some kind of –" +

Her sentence hung unfinished as I interrupted once more, throwing the two questions back at her, "Who are you and who sent you here?"+

Her eyes flashed, a storm brewing in her blue eyes as her lips snapped shut. The air was thick with unresolved tension, suspended in the charged silence that enveloped us. When she didn't answer, I moved towards her slowly and stealthily, keeping my eyes on her and watching her try to stand her ground until I got too close and she took two steps back. +

Her back hit the wall but her eyes never left mind. The air around us clenched its fists, making it almost impossible to smell anything but the intoxicating scent of vanilla and cinnamon. Her defiance would have been admirable, amusing in fact, if I wasn't so pissed off; if she wasn't a rogue possibly aligned with that bastard. But I could stop the heat between us. The lines between right and wrong blurred right in front of me and it all led to her.

My fated mate.+

"You know," I started as I caged her in with both my palms pressed against the wall on either side of her head, my tone a bit softer now, "there was an attack on this pack a while back... led by a man who took everything from me – from this pack. He was cold, calculated, and ruthless. The man came with one mission and one mission only, to dismantle this pack, just like he had dismantled several others in his path."+

I saw the recognition settle in her eyes but I didn't stop.+

"Thousands died the day he attacked but thankfully my father survived. The downside is that he was injected with a substance that killed his wolf and left him confined to a hospital bed. There's no coming back from that. My father will never be the same. So this madman has to be stopped. +

"The cowards who follow him mindlessly think they're doing the world a favor by ending the pack system but all they're doing is causing chaos and confusion. This man, this bastard, is the Rogue King and I will stop at nothing to kill him for what he's done to my family but I need to be able to gather all the information I can so that my pack is prepared for whatever's coming next. I need the pack to be indestructible."+

We said nothing for a while, an understanding passing through us. Her eyes softened just a little bit but there was also something else. A need for survival. I could see it in her eyes.+

+

07 - An Explosive Turn+

HADEN+

+

     The man I was looking at wasn't the same man I was raised by. My eyes focused on the man laying still in the hospital bed, his eyes closed shut and his breathing even. Streaks of grey colored his hair and his face was sheet white. The former Alpha was a shackle of himself, a painful reminder of the damages done by rogues.+

By the Rogue King.+

That day was the last time I had seen my father's wolf. Whatever that madman injected him with had completely erased my father's wolf, which meant the mate connection he had with my mother was destroyed. No matter how many doctors tried, they couldn't heal him. Without his wolf, with the serum flowing around in his blood, he had been confined to this bed with doctors and nurses at his constant care.+

I took the chair in the corner of the room, my regular seat whenever I visited my father, and I rubbed my palms together. +

"Alpha Haden?" a voice called out to me from the door.+

I glanced up at the nurse before I sprung up and met her at the door, my eyes moving between the clipboard in her hand and her expression of hope.+

"What's the latest update?"+

"Your father is doing well today! He went for a morning walk and had breakfast shortly after. The swelling on his arms concerned us, but we are working on the tests as we speak," she said and I released a sigh of relief.+

"When did the swelling start? Has it happened before?" I crossed my arms as I asked.+

"We've seen the swelling on his calves months ago but it went down before we could test further."+

"Well, do –"+

"Oh, leave the doctors alone, sweetheart."+

My eyes watched as my mother walked towards me, a bouquet of flowers in her hands. Patricia Pierce was the embodiment of grace. Styled to perfection as always, her dark brown hair cascaded down her shoulders and her soft yellow dress flowed with every step she took. Despite not being the Luna for this pack anymore, she assisted in the nurturing and upbringing of the pack members just as much as Natalia did.+

"Mother, it's good to see you," I said stepping away from the nurse to embrace her and kiss her cheek. "How are you?"+

She pulled away with a soft smile then her gaze drifted to my father.+

"I hear he went for a walk today," she mused pulling me into the room. "He always liked to walk, said it helped him think."+

I watched as she caressed his face, a familiar look of longing clouding her face. With the downfall of my father, their mate bond had suffered and, while they loved and cared for each other, the pull they felt from being mates had been extinguished the minutes the Rogue King poisoned my father. He didn't only ruin my father's life, he ruined my mother's, and he would pay for it with his life.+

My father's eyes fluttered open and a smile warmed his face when they focused on us.+

"My love," he whispered then his eyes landed on me, "and my son."+

With a small smile of my own, I stepped forward and placed an arm around my mother's shoulders.+

"It's good to see you, old man," I joked.+

"Who are you calling old man? I'm the spitting image of youth," he retorted and a chuckle escaped my lips. "Help me up, will you."+

"Dad, you don't –"+

"No, no, it's time I sit up anyway. It's good for my back," he interrupted my protest and fiddled with the remote for the bed. My mom switched positions with me as I took the remote from him.+

"Stubborn old man," I said shaking my head and pressing a few buttons so the bed would stop at an angle.+

"I hear you managed to take a walk this morning," my mom said now that he was fully upright.+

He nodded, looking at her with unwavering love and devotion. +

"Yeah, it was refreshing to be out in the sun. We walked by the river – that trail that we used to go to when we were kids."+

They both smiled as they took their own trip down memory lane. In the soft illumination of the room, his eyes became a reflection of profound emotions, shining with a love that spoke volumes. Even though his wolf was practically dead, I could see the tenderness that poured out from him as he cast his gaze upon my mother.

The lines on his face, etched by the passage of years, softened as the glow of affection enveloped him. A soft smile found my lips as I watched them talk as if they were the only two people in the room. Their love had weathered storms, but yet here they were – a testament to the enduring power of their bond.+

In that moment, I couldn't help but think of the problem that awaited in my bedroom, knowing that I could never have something so precious, so pure, with her. She was stubborn and hot-blooded, qualities not fit for a Luna. A frown found my lips at the thought. +

My parents had always been an inspiration to how I approached relationships and with one look you could tell that their love held the weight of shared memories, whispered promises, and unspoken understandings. It defined a partnership built on trust and mutual respect. +

"Oh, it was always beautiful there," I heard my mother reply and they shared a smile between them, "hopefully we can walk together tomorrow –"+

'Alpha! We have a situation,' a mind-link came into my head, interrupting my focus.+

'What is it?'+

'Rogues by the north side of the border. Two male, one female, lighting fires on any building in their path.'+

My hands curled into fists. See what I fucking mean? What possible reason could they have for burning down buildings? +

In a rage, I responded, 'What! This is the second time this week! How did they get in?'+

'They snuck by our defences, Alpha. We shouldn't have to –' he immediately stopped and I felt the connection cut which only meant one thing – death. I growled loudly and stepped away from my father's bedside and collected my things from the chair I occupied.+

"What is it, son?" my father asked with concern.+

"Rogues," I snarled out, "I have to go."+

"Be careful, sweetheart," was all I heard my mother say before I stormed out of the room. Those rogues would regret ever stepping foot on my lands, I'd make sure of it.+

     The moonlit night awaited me outside, and the cool breeze carried the scent of impending conflict. Those rogues, oblivious to the storm they had stirred within, would soon regret ever trespassing on my lands. This time they would have to face me and,  trust me, I had a lot of pent-up frustration to take out on killing rogues. +

I shifted immediately, pushing through the edges of the town and heading towards the forests, knowing it would be a faster way to get the the Northern side of the border.+

The night, once serene, now crackled with an energy that mirrored the intensity of my determination. My wolf senses were on high alert, every rustle and distant sound scrutinized for signs of the rogues.+

+

08 - Burning Bridges+

HADEN+

+

     The morning came too quickly.+

The sunlight spilled into my office from the corner window, erasing the events of last night. After I returned to the pack house last night, I buried myself under paperwork, reviewing the documents for the new rogue locked up in the cells downstairs. +

It was necessary, I had convinced myself last night, because the pack needed its safety and stability. It was the best thing to do and, most importantly, it was my only escape from marching up to that bedroom and trying to claim the woman as my own. +

This fucking mate bond was becoming unbearable. +

As I leaned up from the couch, the stiffness in my muscles served as a tangible consequence of the uncomfortable position I had fallen asleep in. Wincing, I twisted my head, attempting to shake off the residual discomfort before rising to my feet and heading to the adjoined bathroom. +

Freshly showered and clothed, I sat behind my desk, taking note of the disarray of papers scattered across my desk with the early morning light erasing the shadows above it. Almost wished it would wipe away the last few days. How the fuck was I supposed to lead a pack with a rogue by my side?+

Cursing under my breath, I began to sort through the papers on my desk and willed my mind to focus. The rogue problems were becoming out of control. Two rogue attacks in the same week weren't a coincidence. Then there's the matter of the break-in attempt, no doubt caused by a rogue. Something was going on and I wasn't going to stop until I got to the bottom of it. +

My chair creaked as I leaned back, contemplating the looming tasks ahead. I knew the rogue that we managed to capture last night would need to be interrogated. I could only hope that he would be able to give me some answers on what the hell was going on. That would be first, then I'd talk to the woman who had been bonded to me. +

I forced myself to accept what she was – a rogue –  but her mere presence in this house pulled at the animalistic urge to mark her. Her captivating blue eyes, like diamonds, continued to haunt my thoughts. It was fucking frustrating. I couldn't admire the way she stood her ground.  I couldn't lose myself in her intoxicating scent. I couldn't crave the feeling of her skin against mine. I couldn't be attracted to her. +

I couldn't.+

My wolf led the charge in my head, wanting to be as close to this woman as physically possible; wanting to claim her as his. Internally, I fought through the chains of control and conflicting emotions knowing that things had to be the way they were until I got some answers. +

The knock on my office doors brought me back to this reality and, before I could say anything, James walked in with his his hands tied behind his back. He glanced at where I sat then at the couch before his narrowed eyes turned to look at me. +

"You slept in here, didn't you?" he asked.+

"My sleeping arrangements should be the least of your concerns," I muttered, my eyes refocusing on the documents before me. "Did you interrogate the rogue?"+

The detached tone in my voice didn't come as a surprise to my Beta as he stood in front of my office desk. I didn't look up at him as I asked, my eyes focused on the massive pile of paperwork on my desk.+

"Of course, Alpha," James answered confidently.+

"What did you find out?" I followed up, this time glancing up at him. Styled in a classic white T-shirt and ripped jeans, with his hand clasped in front of him, he met my gaze with no hesitation or fear.+

He shook his head.+

"Nothing much before the bastard choked himself with his own chains. He tried to escape but he didn't get very far. He was strong for a rogue, I must admit, Logan managed a break a few fingers trying to keep him down but he'll live," he said then he dropped a golden bracelet on top of the papers I had been signing, "dug this off the women. The symbol is something we've been seeing for the past few months, but we have no idea what it really means yet. We tried doing some research and, well..."+

"Well?" I repeated, continuing to sign the documents I had, not sparing another glance at the jewelry piece.+

"Abigale says it may be connected to the Rogue King."+

At that, I froze mid-signature.+

I had hoped I would live a lifetime without hearing that name again. Dropping my pen, I reached for the piece of metal and fumbled it between my fingers, scrutinizing it. +

It was custom-made for sure, I thought as I studied the intricate design. The golden charm dangling at the front of the necklace was in the outline of a crescent moon and sun, carefully intertwined with each other, with the word HELIOS embedded in the left side of the moon and a spiral going from the exterior and swirling on the inside the sun until it stopped at the very center.+

"Helios?" I inquired, flipping it over and then back to the front before looking up at James, "as in the sun?"+

"That's typically what the word means,"+

"And she's sure this is connected to the Rogue King?"+

He ran his hand through his dark brown hair before he continued, seeming almost hesitant to reveal the answer. I raised a brow at his hesitance and he continued.+

"Abi's not 100% sure but she's still doing her thing with the research – digging through archives and stuff, so it may take a couple of days, but she said she'll try to get more details soon."+

I nodded and returned the necklace to him before I stood, walking towards the window with my hands tucked in my pants pockets and looking out into the forest. +

The sunrise had appeared behind the trees and the buzz of the morning was set to begin anytime now. The weariness of the night clung to me, but hearing that the Rogue King may truly be back seemed to add a tonne to my shoulders. Hearing that madman could possibly be behind this made everything real. +

I needed to get answers and I needed it now. +

The Rogue King needed to be stopped. A snarl quickly found my lips at the thought of him – of what he did to my family. If these attacks were orchestrated by him, we were in more trouble than I thought. +

Within the span of two days, they had somehow managed to get inside the barriers and wreak havoc on the towns. That should never be possible. Over the past eight years, I made sure our defenses were impenetrable so having these vile creatures, these rogues, worm their way in was not only upsetting but also slightly concerning.+

It was a sign that our defences needed to be improved.+

"Let me know when Abi has something more concrete. I want to be sure that there's a connection there, especially since the symbol keeps coming up. In the meantime, have the men do a full patrol of the area that was attacked. Four per patrol instead of two, just in case they decide to attack again,"+

"Already done," James voiced from behind me making me turn to look at him, "they won't be passing through our line anytime soon." I nodded in his direction, my thoughts straying to the necklace and what it could mean. If Abigale was right, if this was the Rogue King, then our pack would have to be ready for whatever could come next.+

+

09 - An Instant Burn+

ZARA+

+

     I was beyond the point of no return. This couldn't have been what my life was reduced to. The Moon Goddess must have made a mistake pairing me with the likes of that man. This Alpha. I was used to the idea of freedom, knowing that I could unleash my wolf whenever I wanted.+

Yet here I was once again – trapped. +

Blinking away the grogginess of sleep, I strained my eyes against the sudden intrusion of sunlight. I woke up in the same mood I fell asleep in last night, caged but this time in a nicer cell. From my curled spot on the floor, I frowned thinking of the fact that I was locked away in here like a child. +

Wait a minute.+

In an instant, I shot up, glaring towards the bed and expecting to find him there. Instead, all I found was emptiness, just as it was last night. So the Big Bad Wolf still isn't back yet. He should fear for his life when he gets back. +

My wolf whimpered at the thought but I ignored her, reminding her that he was the very reason why we were locked in here in the first place. How dare he lock me in his bedroom? How dare he degrade me to nothing more than a common whore? +

I had been on my own for years, surviving day in and day out, and I had never faced this much disrespect from anyone. This man thinks he can waltz into my life and tell me what I can and cannot do; where I can and cannot go.+

He could go to hell for all I cared.+

I stewed in silence, arms tightly folded across my chest, as my gaze bore into the off-white walls encircling the room. My eyes, sharpened with disdain, zeroed in on the door – the only thing standing between me and my freedom. Well, it wasn't the only thing, I begrudgingly thought as the image of the man that trapped me in here filled my head. +

Him.+

Haden was a man of power, the kind that radiated off him without question. His dark gaze saw through your soul and his scent pulled you in, leaving you wanting more. And I fucking did. I was supposed to hate the man. He was supposed to be the enemy, the man who killed our kind whenever he felt like it, and now I was supposed to be his mate. +

How the hell was that supposed to even work? He was the reason so many rogues lived in fear, and they all knew they were signing their death certificates if they ever crossed him. +

His reputation made him who he was and it was the gasoline on the firewood with anger lighting the flame. In the moments of heated exchanges, it was clear that he was an Alpha that only cared about himself. +

He was narcissistic, greedy, and hot-headed, traits that no woman ever found attractive. The core of who I was as a rogue wanted nothing to do with him.+

And yet, I couldn't stop the heat that coursed through my body whenever his dark gaze met mine. He had the body of a Greek god, the kind that made you stop dead in your tracks and stare. +

I was trying to resist this mate bond, trying so damn hard, but it was pulling me in his direction. The frustration and undeniable attraction created a tension that lingered beneath the surface. His touch lit fires within me, sparks that torched my soul and set it ablaze. This was fucking unbearable. +

Stupid, sexy, goddamn Alpha. +

I screamed in frustration and rose, flipping off the blankets that I dragged to the floor last night and marching across the room to the window. Daybreak was imminent. I looked out the window at the open field below, not missing the two men who stood just below. The Big Bad Alpha thought of everything, didn't he, I thought dryly.+

With no escape, and the weariness slowly slipping away, I decided then and there that the Alpha of the fucking Tritons would feel my wrath when he returned. Until then... until then, I would enjoy the peace his presence didn't bring. After shutting the window, I finally took a good look around his room in the morning light, not surprised at the fancy gadgets and accessories I found to support his black, modern decor. +

Beyond the off-white walls that enveloped the room, a deep, commanding black accent wall added a striking contrast to the neutral palette that dominated the space. It was just like him; dominant, commanding, unfeeling. +

Exhaling sharply in frustration, I ran my fingers across the furniture, a deliberate trail over the surface of his dresser. My eyes scanned the assortment of knickknacks that were scattered across the surface, my gaze lingering on each with a mix of curiosity and scrutiny.+

Photographs stood in small frames, frozen moments capturing the smiles, landscapes, and the essence of relationships. My eyes lingered on each image, picking up one with a younger version of him and James, noting how close they looked. They must've been close friends. I'm surprised an asshole like him even has friends.+

I huffed, putting the photo back and reverting my attention back to the room. He lived lavishly and the room was as stuffy as he was. With each passing moment, the rays from the sunlight grew more intense, and a grimace escaped my lips after I walked to the wall-mounted mirror and looked at my reflection. +

I most definitely needed a shower, I thought as I ran my fingers through my blonde hair. Mr. Alpha did say I could take whatever I wanted.+

Poking around in his closet, I grabbed the first pair of shorts I set my eyes on, along with a T-shirt then walked across the room to what I suspected was the bathroom.+

It should have come as a surprise to me that his bathroom also shared the same dark, black tones as the bedroom but it didn't. It was massive. Long black tiles ran across the walls, complemented by dark mosaic tiles. A huge shower head was mounted in the center of the shower, and a small wooden bench sat in the right-hand corner.+

What was one man doing with all this space? Jesus.2

After setting the clothes on the sink counter, I hopped in the shower and closed the glass doors behind me. It took me a while to figure out all the fancy dials and temperature buttons for the shower head, but once I got it going it felt amazing. I got lost in the soothing sensation, grabbing the shampoo and body wash from the ledge and massaging my scalp and skin.+

Twenty minutes later, it was like I was a whole new woman. Hand-drying my hair with a towel nearby, I looked at my refined reflection, pleased that the dirt and disaster of yesterday was behind me. Letting my damp hair caress my shoulders, I exited the bathroom and fell on the bed with a groan. I can't believe he fucking locked me in here. +

He should fear for his life when he gets back.+

My wolf whimpered at the thought and I ignored her, reminding her that he was the one to lock us in a room like a child. I had been on my own for years and I had never faced this much disrespect from anyone, and yet this man thinks he can waltz into my life and tell me what I can and cannot do; where I can and cannot go.+

He must be delusional.+

And yet, all Alphas were.+

Muffled sounds came from the other side of the bedroom door, making me push myself up slightly and expectantly look at the door. When no one entered and the sounds disappeared, I rose fully from the bed and approached the door.+

Surprisingly, the knob twisted easily and the door came undone. So he left it open? What was he expecting me to do? Curiosity had me poking my head out and looking left and right, ensuring that no one was around before I snuck out the room. With how early it was, it wasn't a mystery that the house was empty. I sneaked down the corridor and down the stairs with ease.+

A wide grin found my lips when I walked through the front door and down the foyer, heading straight towards the trees. The more hidden I was, the less likely I would be found. I glanced left and right constantly, not wanting to be caught; not wanting to be put back in a cell – or worse, the Alpha's bed chambers.+

The morning glow from the sun gently brushed the horizon, casting its warm, golden hues across the canvas of the sky. As the first rays of light emerged, they played a magical symphony with the remaining vestiges of dawn, gradually transforming the inky darkness into a breathtaking tapestry of colors.+

At that moment, as the morning glow from the sun brightened the sky and the tall trees swayed peacefully in the wind, it symbolized not just the start of a new day but also the possibility of escape. My pace quickened as my heart did, the possibility now being a reality, and before I could make those last ten steps to disappear in the greenery, five men came into view.1

"Well, well, well," one of them purred, "what do we have here?"+

Another sniffed the air and then smirked cruelly.+

"Smells like a rogue, Bobby," the other snarled.+

"These worthless rogues," the first, Bobby, spat out as he looked me up and down with disdain, "they never learn. Maybe we need to teach you a lesson."+

"You? Teach me something? I think I already know how to count bricks, but thanks for the heads up," I retorted.3

Meathead didn't like that very much. A guttural growl escaped his lips as he launched himself at me, flanked by the men who followed his lead. +

Instinctively, I tried to fight back as much as I could, managing a few face punches and knee-jerk kicks to the balls but once they tag-teamed me, it was over. Two of them restrained my arms and forced me to my knees while Bobby delivered a brutal kick to my face.+

"You should've stayed off our lands, rogue," Bobby taunted, punctuating his words with another vicious strike.+

Their fists rained down on me as they continued their assault, ignoring how much I thrashed and fought back. I coughed as one punched me in my stomach, spitting out the blood that came to my mouth. They dropped me in a crumpled heap on the unforgiving floor, my vision blurring but failing to halt the assault.+

"Call the Gamma!" I heard one of them shout through my haze. "This rogue needs to be in a cell."+

"Already did," another swiftly replied, "he's already on his way with some backup. We need to scout the area – make sure that she's the only one that managed to slip through the borders."+

As my battered body lay on the ground, new voices reached my ears, and a groan involuntarily escaped my lips. I grabbed my stomach, the blinding pain forcing me to curl into a ball. I could feel my broken ribs trying to repair themselves, shifting in several different positions trying to find the right one. I managed to look across the field, realizing through a fuzzy vision that the Gamma, Conner, was rushing towards us with a serious look on his face.+

As he got closer, he said, "Hey, where's the..." he was about to ask then he trailed off as he saw me. His eyes widened at the sight and I breathed out, turning flat on my back and feeling the weight on my eyes as they fluttered close. +

"Oh shit, what have you guys done..." was all I heard before I passed out.4

+

+

10 - Crossing Charred Lines+

HADEN+

+

+

   Seated around a grand table of Alphas and Betas from the neighbouring packs wasn't exactly how I wanted to spend my Saturday morning. Power radiated through the room filled with the Triton's closest allies and they'd all be lying if they said their alliance with the Alpha of the largest pack didn't benefit them through these times of trials and terror.+

"I'm tired of these attacks!" The eruption of anger resonated through Cannon's voice as his fist thundered against the table, his piercing hazel eyes gleaming with rage. +

Cannon Berusa, Alpha of the Bronstone Pack, was known for his impulsive and hot-headed nature, a classic irony to his name. Despite his temperament, he was still a close ally that we would call upon, especially because we all share the same problem.+

The Rogue King.+

"We're all tired of these attacks, Cannon," Stephan, the Alpha of the White Storm Pack, calmly said. Unlike the man who sat beside him, Stephan was the reasonable Alpha among us. His hair, a deep shade of ebony, was pushed back and held up by a hair tie and his eyes were a striking shade of green as he narrowed them at Cannon. Both he and I shared the upper regions where our borders connected and, last winter, I helped him with a murderous wolf within his pack.+

I said nothing as they quarrelled between themselves, giving James a look as he chuckled from beside me.+

'What? Seeing two Alphas bicker like children is the highlight of my day,' James mind-linked me. Despite my agreement, I kept my mouth shut and hid the smirk that threatened to make an appearance. Instead, I folded my hands on the table as I looked blankly at the Alphas arguing across the table.+

"That's not even the case! It's the fact that thing madman has been running through packs like wildfire, leaving nothing but destruction in his wake. I'm sick and tired of it! He wouldn't dare come to my pack; I would end him personally," Cannon growled loudly.+

"Oh yeah, and looked how that turned out for Trent? Or Danton?" Bryon said from my left. With the second largest pack in America, Bryon Chambers was a close personal friend of mine, one of the best I had outside of the pack, and I knew I could depend on him for anything. He led the Redwood Hills Pack with determination, strength, and excellent leadership; traits I knew he got from his father. Growing up, my father and his were best friends so we grew up with the same principles.+

"They were never true Alphas to begin with," Cannon scoffed, a disdainful sneer lingering on his face and his hazel eyes carrying a mixture of scorn and arrogance.+

"You –" Bryon started but I interrupted them before they could get any further.+

"Okay, this is going nowhere," I finally said, fixing a pointed glare at Cannon for his low-blow remark. He responded with a dismissive roll of his eyes, muttering something under his breath as he stood and turned to gaze out the window.+

"We need to formulate a plan in the event that things get worse than it is," I redirected the conversation, looking at them all pointedly, "we know that the Rogue King is closing in. The last pack he took out was the Anemty Pack bordering on the east coast. He's taking his time and we don't know what he's after."+

"Word is that he's looking for someone," Bryon offered.+

I shrugged.+

"I haven't heard anything of late but I'll keep my ears to the ground. The one thing we do have, however, is a bracelet. James," I nudged my head.1

"There was a raid a couple days ago. Rogues attacked one of the communities in our territory, practically lit the place on fire, and after the fight, we found this," James stuffed out the bracelet from his pocket to pass around the table. The Alphas and Betas inspected it closely as it went around, no one saying a word while James continued.+

"One of our lead researchers, and mate to the Gamma of the pack, found out that it's connected to the Rogue King. You'll notice that the symbol has the word HELIOS engraved in the back, which she connected to the Sun God, an ancient being – just like our Moon Goddess."+

"There's no such thing as the Sun God, moron," Cannon mouthed off and I growled at him.5

"Watch it," I snapped, baring my teeth at him.+

"Or what?" he challenged, taking a step forward from where he stood. Raising a brow at his challenge, I stood from my chair and was about to open my mouth when Stephan stood, putting his hand on my shoulder and giving me a look then gave Cannon the same.+

"Quit acting like boys," Stephan ordered, "we all need this information to protect our pack."+

Glaring at Cannon, I took my seat then nodded at James to continue.+

"The charms on the bracelet combined with the word both check out to what we think is a connection to the Sun God. Abigale, the researcher, sifted through archives and found out that both the Moon Goddess and the Sun God used to be mates before they split up and –"+

"This just sounds like a fucking fairy tale," Cannon grumbled as he rolled his eyes, "I want the intel, not the bits about how the Moon Goddess got busy with her supposed mate. This isn't make-believe, this is serious."+

"The point is," James said pointedly, glaring harshly at Cannon for good measure, "whatever split the god and goddess up is the main cause of all this. This Helios symbol means something. From Abigale's research, the Sun God won't rest until all packs are wiped out of existence, which sounds like the exact same thing the Rogue King is trying to do. No matter the connection, this goes beyond that bastard and I know the Sun God is a key factor in it. All this destruction and chaos is fueling it - fueling him."+

"So what does that do for us now?" Stephan asked with furrowed brows. "Where does that put us?"+

"We need to be on high alert," I interjected, "with everything going on with –"+

'Haden! You need to get back here right now,' Conner's urgent voice seeped through the mind-link, shifting my focus.+

'What is it?' I asked him.+

'The... there's been an attack on the rogue; on Zara.'+

The words hung in the air, a sudden weight pressing on my chest. Everything in me shifted and my breathing faltered. Without a second thought, I was on my feet, involuntarily shooting out of my chair and dashing outside. The calls and beckons behind me didn't matter. All I saw was her. I didn't bother making my way to the cars, figuring that I would be faster on all fours. +

A surge of worry and fear pulsed through my veins, tangled with a distinct sensation of regret that surged within me, originating directly from my wolf. Those emotions came second though, all being overshadowed by a much stronger force – an adrenaline rush that pushed me forward with an urgency that demanded immediate attention. As my pace quickened, the pounding of my heart synchronized harmoniously with the rhythm of my paws rapidly hitting against the dirt.+

This is all your fault! my wolf growled at me.+

How the hell was this my fault? I had put her in a safe and secure place – a place where she could get away from those low lives and rest in the comfort of my bed. She was supposed to be well-guarded and protected. +

+

11 - Fleeing From Fire+

ZARA+

+

     Pain was the harsh reminder of our undeniable presence in this world, our vulnerability laid bare amid the turmoil. Pain was the embodiment of tragedy, a cruel byproduct of chaos that demanded we confront our limits.+

And it coursed through me.+

The burning sensation spread through me like wildfire, every inch of my body aching as I slowly emerged from my slumber. My eyes squinted at the harsh brightness of the room and my ears registered the steady hum of the machines beside me before my vision did. Glancing down, I noticed tubes snaking around my bruised arms.+

I blinked once, twice, as I tried to get used to my surroundings and came to the realization that I was in a hospital bed. The thought made me frown. I never liked doctors or hospitals or doctors, who seemed more content with providing complications than solutions.+

I reached for the IV tubes, wanting to yank them out, when a voice interrupted my thoughts.+

"Don't remove that."+

My head snapped in the direction and shock radiated through me as I saw the Alpha, my mate, seated by the door, idly fiddling with his phone. He wasn't looking at me when he said it, his brows furrowed as his gaze was firmly fixed on the device.+

I had a few choice words for Mr Alpha but the strength to voice them now didn't come. Instead, I settled for a harsh glare.+

"What the hell are you doing here?" I demanded.+

"Well, when a mate learns that their other half is severely injured, they tend to come rushing," he replied casually.+

"You'll also find that locking up said mate won't win you brownie points either," I winced as I moved slightly, trying to get comfortable on the stiff bedding. Another reason to hate hospitals - poor choices in sleep material.+

He said nothing else. Rising, he made a move to the door and called someone over.+

"Yes, she's awake now," he said as he stepped back into the room. His eyes met my own briefly before he folded his arms and looked at the doctor.+

"You're a doctor?" I asked incredulously.+

The young girl laughed melodiously, a clipboard in one hand and a pen in the other. Her short curly honey colored hair swayed with her laugh and her green eyes showed her humor just as much as the bright white smile she wore.+

"No, no," she said, "I'm just part time here trying to save for college. I'm Maya Collins. It's great to finally see you're finally awake! You gave Alpha Haden quite a scare. How are you feeling?"2

At the mention of Haden's concern, my gaze shifted to him, momentarily surprised that the Big Bad Alpha cared what happened to me. +

If I wasn't so against the idea of Alphas, I would've warmed at the thought of his concern. Yet, I knew his facade had an expiration date - it always would. And let's not forget the blood that stained his hands; the blood of my friends whose lives he ended without a second thought. +

He was a monster.+

Oh, admit it, you've softened a little bit, my wolf insisted.+

"I... I'm feeling like I got run over by a train," I admitted to the doctor as my eyes shifted back to her. It was the truth. Weakness gripped me, my throat was parched, and this room was blinding.+

"Yes, I can only imagine. The bruises you sustained were quite extensive. You walked in with three broken ribs, bruising on your forearms, legs, and stomach, and there's the matter of the swelling on the back of your head," the nurse reported.+

"Those guys sure had a field day, didn't they?"+

At my witty remark, Haden clenched his fists and his jaw tightened but, as usual, he opted for silence.+

The nurse continued with her assessment, "the cuts on your face neck and arms seems to have cleared up quite well – very impressive. Your healing rate is unusually rapid. I've had wolves with less damage than you take twice as long to heal what you've managed to do in two days."+

"Wait, I've been out for two days?"+

"Your body needed the rest, trust me," Maya reassured, "and you'll be getting much more of it over the next day or so."+

"Look - Maya - you're a really sweet girl but I'm not up for staying at Hotel White Walls for another day or so."+

"Oh yes you are," Haden interjected.+

"No," I tried my best to glare at him, "I'm not."+

"You'll stay until you're fully healed, without question."+

"It's your own fault I'm even here, thanks to those pack members you love so much, and now I can't get a say in my own healthcare?"1

He opened his mouth to respond then snapped it shut, returning my glare before he turned to Maya.+

"When will she be fully healed?"+

"Normally I'd say another week or so but she's healing rapidly so maybe a day or two," she answered him before she turned to me with softer eyes as she pressed a button on the controller for the ivy drip, "plus most of the day you'll be asleep so you won't even notice the difference. You heal pretty fast, almost as fast as Alpha Haden, which is a shock in itself because he's an Alpha. Don't worry about anything okay, just rest up. I'll come and check on you in a few hours," she added as she pressed on the button connected to the machine close to me.+

With a smile, she left the room and I grumbled like a child as I settled back in bed, slightly wincing at the movement in my lower abdomen.+

I already knew I was a fast healer. I never knew or understood why but I definitely didn't complain about it. Fast healing came in handy as a rogue - each day being a reminder that only the strong would survive.+

"It's not going to be that bad and –"+

"Go away Haden," I muttered as my eyes closed, feeling the infusion of whatever Maya plunged into my system doing its job, "I don't want you here... and I need to sleep." With that, I fell blissfully to sleep.+

     When I awoke, the room wasn't as bright as before. Fluorescent lights gave the room a slight glow and beyond the glass windows I could see the evening sky. +

Involuntarily, I reached for my throat and grimaced at the sudden need for water. The chair in the corner of the room was empty, only the cold air occupying it now, and I couldn't say that I was surprised. I told him to leave and he did.+

I looked down at my arms once again, noticing the bruises that lined them were gone, but the tubes remained. I was about to yank them out when I heard a shout from outside the door.+

"It doesn't matter! She's your mate and you ought to give her some respect."5

Was that... was that Conner?+

I strained my ears to listen as another voice replied.+

"You don't know anything about –"+

"You need to accept what is, Haden, before any more damage is done. Those men attacked her because of what she is – what they think she is – a rogue and not your mate."+

+

12 - To Light A Match+

ZARA+

+

     Shrieking, I jumped up from my sleep, screams escaping my lips as I was tormented by this nightmare. A dream I longed to forget. My heart raced as I gasped for air, pain surging through me as I frantically looked around the foreign room. My mind was trapped between two realities; one I hoped to fully escape and one I cherished.+

I couldn't be taken by him. By that monster.+

Fear coiled around me like a vice, and I thrashed wildly, desperate to escape the phantom claws that clung to my mind. I could hear my own voice, primal screams escaping my lips. +

I was being tied down, punished for who I was and what I had. I ripped the cords away and stood, the sharp pain incomparable to the turmoil in my mind. Backing myself into a corner of the room, I slid down the wall. My surroundings were a blurred haze as I grabbed fists full of my hair, the screaming never ceasing.+

And then, the door was pushed open, light flooding the room, and I cowered further in fear. I saw two different men standing before me – one being my supposed mate and the other being the one who ended my family and destroyed the only normalcy I knew. I wasn't sure which was the real one.+

"Zara," a voice called out.+

"No! Don't touch me! Don't kill me!" I screamed.+

More people swarmed in the room but I couldn't see their faces, I couldn't see anything past my own panic. The walls were closing in and my chest tightened, my breathing unbalanced as I clawed at my chest. The people approached me but I pushed myself further into the wall.+

"Please don't kill me! I don't have what you want!" I cried.+

"Everyone stop," one voice said before he approached me slowly. I shook my head, tears running down my cheeks and eyes shut. When I felt jolts of lightning flaring through me, my eyes flashed open and I saw Haden crouched before me. His eyes locked onto mine, his face a mixture of concern and determination.+

"Zara, calm down," he urged and I shook my head, unsure of this reality, of this feeling.+

"Stay away from me!" I yelled as I pushed away his hand and stood, my voice trembling with terror and anger. But he didn't heed my plea.+

As he took another cautious step, my terror intensified, and my muscles tensed. I couldn't comprehend the emotions churning within me. Haden was both the source of my torment and my supposed saviour. The mate bond, a relentless force, taunted us both.+

"Calm down," he repeated, pulling my chin up to look at him. Holding my gaze, his hands drifted down to my shoulders. I breathed in and out as I looked at him. His touch, his scent, wiped away the cloud of doubt and brought me back to reality. I was in a hospital room and Haden was my mate. +

Exhaling, I let my eyes flutter close as I leaned against the wall for support.+

I felt him close the gap between us, his body heat radiating off him and when I opened my eyes his arms created a wall around my face. Those meds must have been something, I thought. Whatever it was, I never slept that deep. Never allowed myself to dream. The memories were too painful.+

"Back now?" he whispered, so close to me that I felt his breath on my lips.+

"I'm fine," I mumbled, "ease up, will you?"+

With a huff, he stepped back and ran his hand through his dark hair. I adjusted the hospital gown I was forced to endure and untangled my hair, noticing the sunlight streamed in from the window, the dawn of a new day. +

Just the two of us stood in the room now, and I wasn't sure if the idea of other people rushing in was a part of the reality I escaped.+

"You screaming yourself awake isn't fine. Not by a long shot," he finally said pinching his eyes before he sighed and added, "You should go back to bed."+

"I'm fine," I insisted, "all healed up as a matter of fact. I need to get out of here before... I need to go."+

Staying here would be useless. As a rogue, I always had the luxury of moving from place to place – freely – and no one would find me if I kept moving. I just had to leave before he found me.+

Haden's sardonic chuckle brought me back to the room.+

"Go? Are you out of your mind? Actually, you may as well be. Figures fate would pair me up with a lunatic,"+

Now, I glared at him.+

"Excuse me?" I snapped, "Says the murderous bastard! I'm not a lunatic for having a nightmare – everyone has nightmares. You're the murderous lunatic for killing without question."+

Our confrontation escalated into a heated argument, words flung like weapons in a battle of wills. Haden pinned me against the wall, his growl a dangerous undercurrent to our heated exchange. My growl matched his, my eyes locked onto his, a challenge I was more than willing to accept.+

There was a fire kindling between us, the anger and adrenaline curling us together. My breathing faltered, a betrayal of my body, as his hand caught my chin and forced my eyes to his. +

We both glared at each other, caught somewhere between realities of our own, both too stubborn and strong-willed to listen to the calling of our wolves. For a second, his gaze left mine to look at my lips before his vision slowly climbed back up to mine. +

But just as our confrontation seemed on the brink of something more, the door swung open.+

Unwillingly, unconsciously, I moved closer to him, ready for my lips to connect with his when the door opened. We both turned, and I felt Haden stiffen beside me. When I glanced at him, I saw the shock fixed on his face as he looked at the man standing in the doorway. +

We pulled away from each other, the tension in the room palpable. My ears perked up at the growl that escaped him, and I felt a strange mixture of relief and disappointment as our confrontation was temporarily halted.+

"Oh, don't stop on my account," the man at the door said with a smirk on his face.+

"Brother," Haden greeted with a straight face and it was my turn to be shocked. "Last I checked, I don't require anything from the Royal Family," he grumbled.+

"What's going on here?" Haden's brother questioned, his gaze darting between us. I didn't miss the wink that he sent my way, which earned a growl from Haden. +

The man's smirk widened when his gaze went back to Haden's and he continued, "I came in some official capacity if you will, but it seems like I walked in on something interesting."+

"Quit acting like a moron, Alex," was Haden's response.+

Alex smirked, seemingly unfazed by my mate's irritation. "Oh, come on, Haden. You were getting quite cozy with your guest here. I almost thought you were going to kiss her. Though she smells," he sniffed the air and his brow arched as he added, "Ah, she's a rogue."+

Seconds after that was made clear, Haden stepped forward and I pursed my lips annoyed that he thought I would need protection. When was he going to learn that I could protect myself? A warning growl came from Haden, directed at Alex who chose to ignore it and look past Haden directly at me. +

+

13 - Tensions Flaring+

HADEN+

+

    In the quiet sanctuary of my office, I settled into the plush leather chair behind my mahogany desk. My gaze lingered on the elaborate patterns of the rug beneath my feet, the conversation with Zara still echoing in my mind. What we discussed, her mere presence in my life, introduced a new level of turmoil that had engulfed my life since she'd entered it.+

But I couldn't think about it now. There were matters beyond the bond that demanded my attention; matters that loomed on the horizon, each having the potential to destroy my family, my pack, and the entire werewolf community. This was a problem that we all had to deal with before it got any more out of control.+

Which, I'm hoping, is what my brother was doing back here.+

I ran my tongue across my teeth in annoyance as I observed Alexander, his back towards me and his hands exploring the remnants of the bookcase on the other side of the room. +

He hadn't set foot in this office in five years, but we didn't have time to run down memory lane. When he turned to look at me, he held a trinket in his hand and I mentally rolled my eyes.+

"You know, Dad used to always play with this thing," he mused with a nostalgic smile on his face, "I could never figure out why. He always kept it on his desk, played with it mindlessly as he reviewed documents."+

When I said nothing, he spun to put it back in its place, then walked to the other shelf. He ran his fingers across the spines of the books and I cleared my throat, my patience wearing thin.+

"I know you're not here to take a walk down memory lane so what do you want?"+

"Still haven't learnt patience, I see," he said with a chuckle as he walked towards the desk, planting himself in one of the chairs across from me. Once he settled, his expression turned grave, his eyes focused as he leaned forward.+

"The Rogue King," Alex began, his voice low and measured. "He's become more aggressive in recent months, Haden. He dismantled three other packs in the last month alone, and his so-called 'membership' is growing in numbers."+

I nodded, my concern mirroring his. I knew the packs The Rogue King destroyed, one of them being a good ally and friend of this pack. He was becoming a formidable adversary, and his actions posed a threat not only to individual packs but to the delicate balance of order. +

The pack system worked because there were set structures in place – a clear outline of who was in charge. It didn't matter if there were little fusses or fights. Within the packs, they were dealt with through the proper channels so that there was order and stability. People didn't thrive very well in chaos.+

"The Crown is deeply concerned," Alex continued, his eyes never leaving mine. "They've tasked me with ensuring that the safety and stability of this region are maintained. They knew, given my history here, that I would be the best of us to send and Haden, you should be prepared for anything. I've never seen the packs so... frantic and scared. I've never seen the Royals so worried about the Werekind. Everyone's preparing for the worst, and that level of panic isn't good for any of us."+

"I know about the Rogue King and a few allies to this pack have all pledged to aid if the time comes. We held a small meeting, Alpha and Betas, to review the information we all had. As this pack shared the most experience with the Rogue King, and since we're still standing, we have the knowledge that other packs might not have."+

"Yes, and that may not go unnoticed – it certainly hasn't so far. There's word that a great deal of pack members in the North have decided to leave their packs and are travelling to find safe haven here."+

"Left their packs?" I repeated with a tone of shock. I would never abandon my pack and I found it hard to believe that they just upped and left.+

"They're not rogues, but it's very close to that line. Some of the former Alphas are travelling with them, the fate of their pack being the most important thing. Other Alphas opted to stay, their pride not allowing them to leave."+

I leaned back in my chair, absorbing the weight of his words. The responsibility that rested on my shoulders was immense, and if these people were travelling here, I couldn't afford to underestimate the threat the Rogue King posed. +

They would need a place to come to if they were heading this way. I would protect this pack with everything I had, and I would ensure that the retreating packs had something to come to. Something to fight for.+

Besides, there was always power in numbers.+

"There's something else," I said, my voice low and steady. I dug through the office desk, underneath the book purposely put above, to retrieve the bracelet James found from the altercation we had with the rogues last week and rested it between us.+

Alex's brow furrowed as he examined the pendant on the bracelet, the gold shimmering under the soft lights, and recognition dawned in his eyes. "I've seen this before," he muttered softly as he inspected it closer.+

Now it was my turn to raise a questioning brow at him.+

"Liz... Elizabeth, she likes to read all these ancient scrolls – finds them fascinating. One of them had this symbol and I swear the scroll she was reading was about some elder god. I have no idea, I'd have to ask Liz, but this is the exact symbol. It's connected to the Rogue King?"+

I nodded. "James found the bracelet in the possession of the rogues who attacked last week then Abigale, one of our researchers and mate to the Gamma, confirmed the connection. It's a symbol of his presence in our territory."+

"Is she here? I would like to speak with her. In fact, we should all discuss this so we can put a plan in motion. If there's a connection then there may be a way to stop the Rogue King dead in his tracks."+

Using the mind-link, I called Abigale, James, and Conner to my office as we studied the bracelet a little more. They were well aware of the urgency of the situation and within minutes they were all filing into the office.+

"Prince Alexander," James bowed dramatically before he and Alex laughed and hugged each other.+

"It's good to see you," Abigale said as she enveloped Alex in a hug, "where's your beautiful mate?"+

Alex grinned proudly. "Enjoying the peace of the castle now that her parents are away, I'm sure. Conner, it's good to see you," he added, shaking his hand. We wasted no more time as we dived into a detailed discussion about the Rogue King's recent activities and how best to prepare for the impending storm.+

"We need a strategy," Conner stated firmly. "We can't afford to just be sitting ducks, waiting for him to attack."+

James nodded in agreement, his expression determined. "Especially with how fast his numbers are growing. Sure, we have the numbers now, but in two months we might now have that luxury. He's gaining ground, the lost rogues following behind him like they think he'll lead them to the promised land."2

Alex nodded.+

"You're right, with him annihilating three long-standing packs, something has to be done to bring back the peace. Right now the packs are scared, and the Crown is trying its best to help where it can."+

"We should reach out to our allies. Alpha Bryon and Alpha Stephan have always been good friends and allies," Abigale said.+

I nodded, "Yes, James and I had a meeting with Bryon, Stephan, and Cannon, who all agreed that we need to come together to end this."+

Conner leaned forward, his keen eyes scanning each of us. "And we need to strengthen our defences, Haden. If he's dismantled three packs already, he won't hesitate to target us next."+

As we deliberated, the room filled with tension and a sense of urgency. The Rogue King's actions had thrust us into a perilous game, and our every decision could mean the difference between survival and destruction. I had my own reasons for wanting his downfall. He would pay for what he did to my family. I would see to it personally.+

With a shared sense of purpose, we decided to reach out to Bryon, one of our closest allies, inviting him to join us to strategize and unite our forces against the impending threat.+

As we prepared to face the storm that loomed on the horizon, I couldn't help but wonder how Zara would fit into this dangerous game. The bond between us hadn't been the strongest, both of us too proud, getting in the way of our wolves, but seeing her severely injured had changed everything. I couldn't go on with her being a rogue anymore, not with the Rogue King at large. She needed to be a part of this pack where I could monitor her and my pack members could look out for her instead of fighting against her.+

She had to be one of us.+

She had to.+

+

+

14 - Fueled By Fire+

ZARA+

+

     I was grinning from ear to ear, pleased with the latest update from the doctors here. I was finally being granted release from this damn place, and the room I'd been confined to for what felt like an eternity now would be a distant memory. Goodbye, blindingly white walls and sterilized clear air, I thought as I revelled in the newfound freedom that came with my recovery.+

Maya had been impressed with my rapid healing, and she deemed it fit for me to be released as she graced me with a change of clothes. She couldn't understand the reason behind it but neither could I. +

My rapid healing was a mystery since I was a young girl, and I would always heal faster than the average wolf. I didn't know why but I definitely didn't complain about it. Rapid healing came in handy as a rogue. +

As she prepared my discharge papers, I couldn't shake the feeling that her curiosity about my healing rate extended beyond her professional interest. But that was for another day, for now I was getting out of here. In my attempt to leave the room, I saw Conner standing in the hallway, a friendly smile on his face.+

"Oh no, what happened now?"+

He laughed at my annoyance, eyes twinkling in humor. "Nothing, nothing. I just wanted to ensure you got released with no issues."+

"Where's Mr. Alpha?" I inquired as we walked through the spacious corridors.+

Conner glanced at me, his expression thoughtful. "Both he and Alex are visiting neighbouring packs to discuss some recent updates with the Rogue King. So for now, just think of me as your trusty tour guide."+

I raised a brow at him, turning down the hallway and seeing the front doors in sight.+

"Tour guide or bodyguard?"+

He didn't answer but he shared a knowing smile with me. Conner led me through the pack infirmary and towards the pack house, a mere three-minute walk, where he started introducing me to various pack members along the way. +

People were skeptical at first, their cautious glances and hushed whispers a testament to the suspicion surrounding me as a rogue. But as they introduced themselves and exchanged pleasantries, their wariness gradually transformed into a tentative acceptance.+

As we walked towards the living room, I noticed several members talking amongst themselves.+

"Hey guys," Conner greeted as he entered the room, "this is Zara. She'll be with us while Haden figures out the Rogue King problem."+

All eyes turned to me as I followed behind him and they scanned me in curiousity. Under their heavy gaze, I shifted uncomfortably and Conner put a reassuring arm around me as he began proper introductions.+

"My beautiful mate, Abigale," he started and the gorgeous brunette smiled widely at him. "She's one of our lead researchers here in the pack. If there's something about history to know, best believe this woman knows it."+

She giggled and stood, immediately enveloping me in a hug. Startled, it took a while for my arms to respond and hug her back.+

"Ugh, it's so great to meet you!"+

"Umm... you too?"+

"This is James, the Beta of the pack," Conner said and the man dazzled me with a warm smile, "and those two idiots are Jonah and Logan."+

I remembered Jonah and Logan, two pack members from the night Natalia had sent me to lock up. Speaking of the woman who seemed to be attached to my mate, I thought with a hint of jealousy, I didn't see her anywhere.+

"Well hello there beautiful," Logan flirted, "it must've hurt when you fell from heaven."13

I threw my head back and laughed, feeling the tension leave my shoulders.+

"Oh is that the best you've got? Surely, you can do better. I'll give you another try, go on,"+

This time, he stood and his hand caressed my cheek.1

"Try again? For you, baby, I'd do anything," he said with a husky voice. I shook my head and chuckled. He didn't stop there, choosing to wear his persistence on his sleeve, and he continued to flirt shamelessly. He opened his mouth to try again when a menacing growl bounced off the walls.+

"Haden, can you believe this gorgeous woman won't give me a chance?" Logan asked rhetorically as his arm snaked around my waist. It was clear that only Conner had known about Haden being my mate; the others seemed oblivious to the reason behind Haden's bubbling rage. His dark eyes went to where Logan's sat on my waist before they slowly crawled to my face then narrowed at Logan.+

"You may want to sit down, Logan," Conner offered, using a cough to cover the chuckle that escaped him as he settled on the couch beside his mate, his arm thrown around her and pulling her close.+

Haden growled again and stepped forward, grabbing Logan by the throat and pushing him down in the chair.2

"Man, what the hell!" he protested but Haden didn't pay any attention to him. Instead, he grumbled under his breath and made his way to the armchair and leaned back, closing his eyes and resting his head on the headrest.+

"No one touches the rogue," he mumbled but his tone offered nothing but finality, "what are you guys doing anyway?"+

Abigale eagerly patted the empty seat beside her and, with a smile, I slowly walked over as Conner spoke.+

"Just gave Zara a tour of the house and introduced her to a couple of people. Just the typical Sunday afternoon. How was the meeting with the packs?"+

"We've all agreed to a joint alliance and five other Alphas are on board. Two were connections through Bryon, then the others through Cannon. It's a step in the right direction while we face this Rogue King. We all need to be well prepared – anything can happen so be on your guard with your respective groups."+

His words commanded attention as he looked at them all with seriousness. The air was still as he waited for their acknowledgement before his eyes met my own and he stood.+

"You, let's go."+

Conner and Haden exchanged words before he walked out of the room, I couldn't help but stand and voice my reluctance to go with Haden. "No," I said, my voice firm and unyielding.+

Haden abruptly halted before he slowly span around, his piercing obsidian eyes fixing on mine with unwavering intensity. An unspoken challenge passed between us, and the room seemed to hold its breath, as if even the faintest sound could shatter the fragile standoff that had become all too familiar. Our silent contests had a way of drawing everyone's attention, turning the air electric with anticipation. Our stares hardened, both of us too stubborn to be the first one to break.+

Jonah broke the silence with a sardonic comment. "Talk about bravery. It takes guts for a rogue to challenge an Alpha like that."+

Abigale, seemingly the peacemaker of the group, stepped forward and pulled my attention away from him. "How about I introduce you to a few more pack members?"+

Before I could respond, Haden took a step forward and grabbed my arm, his grip firm. "We'll catch up," he grunted, his voice leaving no room for argument. With that, he began to lead me away, his grip unwavering and his intentions clear.+

+

15 - Embers of Bravery+

HADEN+

+

        Dimmed lights caressed the room, a hushed ambiance enveloping us as we sat huddled together in my office. Tension hung thick in the air, and the furrowed brows and thoughtful looks clouded our faces as we gathered to discuss our strategy.+

Together, we sat around the polished table by the window, Bryon, James, Conner, Alex, and I deeply immersed in our thoughts. The Rogue King's threat loomed over us like a storm cloud, with thunder and lightning waiting to strike at us at any moment. +

We had to think of something – a plan to draw him out into the open; something unexpected, something that he wouldn't be prepared for.+

Then vengeance would be mine.+

In the center of the table was a map of all the werewolf territories, kindly provided by Abigale. Pride swelled within me at the size of our lands, hell even Alex was impressed at how it had grown since he left.+

As we strategized, the map of werewolf territories took center stage on the table, a visual representation of our collective strength. Abigale's contribution, the intricate map showcased the entire American territories with each section outlined by pack. +

Pride swelled within me at the size our lands, a testament to our pack's growth and resilience over time. Hell, even Alex was impressed at how it had grown since he left.+

The room echoed with the sound of our voices, the map becoming a canvas for our tactical discussions. We all knew what was at stake and we knew that we would have to be careful in reviewing every detail. The collaborative efforts around the table didn't surprise me, each participant willing to contribute in the end of the madman that had cost us everything.+

Our collective gaze shifted between territories, suggestions spurting out as we calculated how best to approach this intricate tussle of power. Bryon, always the strategist, began outlining possible scenarios, his fingers tapping at different sections of the map. +

"His last sighting was right about here. That's where he destroyed the Pinecrest Pack. Before that, it was the Zeni Clan, the other was the Dawn Drifted. All these packs are in the north so it's safe to say that he's targeting northern packs before he ventures down and takes over all of the Americas. We need to find a way to expose his vulnerabilities. Someone like him had to have one," he stated, his eyes darting from one face to another.+

I nodded in agreement.+

"To draw him out somehow." James chimed in, his expression serious. "But how do we find those weaknesses? No one has ever fought him and lived to tell the tale."+

"Our father has," Alex added pointedly looking at me. We shared a look and I immediately shook my head.+

"No, dad has been through enough with the Rogue King. I'm not going to make him relive everything he went through."+

"It's not entirely up to you now is it, little brother."+

I growled softly at him and he matched it.+

Conner leaned forward, his brows furrowed in thought as he looked down at the two areas where the destroyed packs were. +

"What's so special about those packs? See this here? He left this area untouched. The... Saros Shadows Pack. It just doesn't make any sense. If his mission is to fully destroy all packs, why leave them to travel all the way down here to attack the Pinecrest Pack? It doesn't add up."+

"What are you saying?" I asked him, looking down at the area myself.+

"What I'm saying is there must be a reason why he didn't declare war on those territories. We need to dig deeper into his connections. He must have allies, people he trusts. If we can find a way to exploit those relationships, we might have an edge."+

I followed his fingers as they moved across the map.+

"And you think this Saros pack is one of his allies?"+

Conner nodded. "It might not be, but it's not a bad place to start looking."+

Alexander nodded in agreement, his gaze fixed on the map. "Agreed, but we need concrete information. We can't afford to make any mistakes. The Crown will weigh in on this, given its importance, but only if this information checks out. We can't march into a werewolf pack without more information."+

"Yeah, yeah, all the politics of it," Bryon rolled his eyes.+

"It's only logical, Bryon," Alex defended, "how would you like it if the Crown just showed up on your territory? No warning or reason behind it?"+

He didn't answer, simply folding his arms and looking away. +

"We may have to think about sending wolves up there," James suggested, "No not to attack, but just to do a little investigating. Conner's right, it's not a bad place to start and we need all the information we can get. Who's the Alpha of that pack anyway?"+

I dug through the paperwork under the map and searched the list of packs before offering the name to James, "Alpha Caine."+

He frowned. "Never heard of him. Anyone?" At the question, everyone shook their head.+

"We'll need information on the pack and the Alpha before we can even begin recruiting men to go up there. There's no way I'm sending anyone up there to face a death sentence," I said, watching Bryon agree with me.+

Minutes turned to hours as we dissected every possible angle, every potential weakness, but the answers remained elusive.  The information we collected was only rumours and shared secrets. +

The Rogue King was a ghost and his tracks were untraceable. He hid in the shadows, cloaked himself in darkness, only coming out to rule in chaos and confusion. And fire. Packs he destroyed were often burnt to the ground, letting others know what had been done and who did it.+

When we ended the meeting, the evening had shifted to night and our heads filled were with more questions than answers. As the others filtered out the room, I moved to put the map in my desk and mentally asked Conner to stay behind. He locked the door and when he spun around, I was seated tensely behind my desk.+

I took a deep breath, my voice steady but tinged with uncertainty. "This woman is driving me insane."+

Conner regarded me with a knowing look, his eyes filled with understanding and a hint of a smile threatening to leave his lips. "You can't deny the bond any longer, can you?"+

I groaned, putting my head in the palms of my hands, a heavy sigh escaping my lips.+

"Why does it have to be her? Fate can be so cruel. Of all the people to pair me with – after all these years of searching for her – the best the Moon Goddess can do is a rogue?"+

"Being a rogue isn't all that she is you know," he condescended. +

I glared at him. "I know that. Don't you think I know that? She's this fiery, stubborn, insensitive, troublesome, argumentative woman who can't seem to let go of anything. She's..."+

Beautiful, my wolf finished and I resisted the urge to roll my eyes. Of course, she was beautiful. She was fucking gorgeous. She could have the greatest of men falling to their knees simply from her beauty alone. +

+

16 - Where Two Sparks Collide+

ZARA+

+

     Bright and early, Abigale took it upon herself to introduce me to more pack members since the big unveiling last night. Though they were all very welcoming,  all this hospitality was almost overwhelming, and I knew it was going to be harder and harder to disappear. While I appreciated the warmth of their gestures, I couldn't help but trapped; missing the feeling of dirt between my paws and the wind in my fur. My wolf was feeling caged and the weight of my past on my shoulders didn't help. +

When we finally got back to the pack house, I instantly fell on the couch and hid my face with a pillow. Giggling, I felt the weight of Abigale as she settled beside me. +

"Okay, I think I've seen and met everyone who lives in this big house," I mumbled. +

"Just trying to make the Alpha's mate happy," Abigale teased and I threw the pillow at her.+

"Ugh, quit calling me that. I've heard enough mate talk to last me a lifetime. What I need is to see something beyond these walls. I miss running on all fours. I miss... I miss my friends," I admitted.+

I rose, resting on my elbows as I looked at her. "Do you think the Big Bad Alpha would let me out of this cage?" 2

Her eyes filled with understanding, and she gently suggested, "Why don't you ask Haden? Maybe he'll take you,"+

The idea had crossed my mind before, but I scoffed. I would have better luck pulling out all the hairs on my head. The man was insufferable. All he did was lock me in a room and ignore what I had to say. I had to get out of this house before I drove myself insane and with Abigale's suggestion in mind, my wolf agreed that a run might be just what we needed. A need to escape. A need to feel free and not caged. +

"You know what," I started as I stood, "that's exactly what I'm going to do."+

Summoning every ounce of determination, I made my way to Haden's office and barged right in, eager to have my voice heard. I found him sitting by the table by the window with his eyes focused on the document before him. He didn't look up at the sudden intrusion.+

"Come right in, why don't you," he muttered, reaching for the ruler on the table and tapping the pen against his lips, "something you need, Zara?"+

I didn't respond right away, taking slow, deliberate strides toward him as I looked around the room. The last time I was in here, I hadn't had the chance to appreciate the fine art and decor that adorned the walls and shelves. The room exuded an air of authority, with dark wood panelling and rich, leather-bound books lining the shelves. A grand mahogany desk dominated one side, where I imagined Haden often conducted his pack business.+

My eyes moved to a large oil painting hanging above the fireplace, depicting a fierce, majestic wolf against a backdrop of a moonlit forest. It was a striking piece, capturing the essence of the alpha and the power he commanded. A shiver ran down my spine as I contemplated the image, a stark reminder of the man I was dealing with.+

As I walked towards his desk, I reached out to touch the golden plaque with the words ALPHA HADEN engraved in it. The clutter on his desk was somewhat organized, well, too organized to be defined as clutter. My hand reached out to touch the golden ornament but when I glanced over to where he was sitting, I noticed he was watching me silently. +

There was something intense in the way he observed me, as if he was trying to decipher every thought that crossed my mind. I couldn't help but feel the weight of his scrutiny, making me acutely aware of the tension that lingered between us.+

Finally, I cleared my throat and locked my arms behind me as I scanned the space again quickly. "Your office is quite impressive," I commented, my voice carefully neutral.+

Haden's lips quirked into a small smile, though it didn't reach his eyes. "It gets the job done," he replied, his tone equally measured. "Now, what can I do for you?"+

His question hung in the air, and I knew that this conversation was going to be another one of our pissing matches. With my feet firmly placed on the ground, my stance ready for battle, I summoned my resolve and met his gaze head-on. +

"I've been cooped up in this house for far too long. I need out. I need fresh air, I need a run, I need anything but meeting more pack members and seeing these walls. I need my friends. I just... I'm going insane in this house. I need out," I rushed out.+

He looked at me for a moment, his response was swift, his answer an unequivocal "No." The rejection hit me hard, and for a moment, anger and frustration welled up inside me. But I knew I had to be persistent if I wanted to achieve my goal.+

"Why not?" I challenged, my voice tinged with defiance. "It's just a run! There isn't any harm in having a run."+

Haden leaned back in his chair, his expression unwavering. "It's not about the run, Zara. It's about your safety. I can't guarantee that nothing will happen if you leave the house."+

I bristled at his words, my frustration boiling over. "So, what? I'm just supposed to stay locked up here forever? That's not happening."+

Haden's eyes darkened, and for a moment, I thought he might lose his temper. But instead, he took a deep breath and surprised me with a compromise. "Fine, you can go for a run," he conceded and a wide smile found my lips before he finished, "but there are two conditions."+

The smile immediately left and a brow raised, wary of his sudden change in demeanor. "Conditions?"+

Haden's lips curled into a small, challenging smile. "First, you'll have dinner with me tonight."17

I blinked twice in surprise, my mind racing to process his offer. Where the hell did that come from? The idea of having dinner with Haden was unexpected, to say the least. But the thought of seeing the open forest again overrode any reservations I had. With a resigned sigh, I nodded my agreement.+

"And the second?"+

He smirked as he stood. "That's for later, princess."+

Rolling my eyes, I turned to leave his office, Haden's voice stopping me at the door. "Be ready at six. Don't be late."2

The weight of his words hung in the air, and I knew that this dinner would be something unforgettable, whether good or bad. As I returned to my room to prepare for the evening, Abigale helped me choose an outfit. She was positively giddy at the idea of me having dinner with Haden, and I couldn't help my heart pounding in my chest at the thought of getting closer to the Alpha I swore I would hate.+

+

     The evening had arrived, and I found myself walking down the hallway leading to the patio, in a dress that clung to my body courtesy of Abigale's fashion sense.  My blonde hair was curled, falling effortlessly down my shoulders as my heels clanked against the hardwood floors. She really dolled me up, I thought as I saw my reflection in the doors. +

When I walked up to the glass doors, my breath caught my throat as I saw his back turned towards me. I tried to calm my beating heart, taking a deep breath before sliding the glass door open. +

"You're... in a suit," I tried to say with a steady tone as I walked through the threshold.+

When he spun around, I saw how momentarily stunned he was as his eyes ran down my form. I walked towards him, making sure to add a little extra sway to my hips as I moved and I didn't miss the way he followed my every move like his life depended on it. +

+

17 - Fire To The Rain+

HADEN+

+

     The moonlight cast a silvery glow over the forest, bathing us in its ethereal light as I ran after her into the depths of the greenery. Immediately, I shifted, the crackling of bones and the soft groans echoed through the space. A surge of exhilaration ran through me as I shook my head, paws hitting the ground with a thud. Soft winds blew through my black fur and my eyes scanned for the woman I had dinner with. +

My eyes narrowed and I let out a growl of impatience, but I didn't have to wait for much longer - and I was stunned at the woman, the wolf, that I saw emerge from the trunk of the tree.+

Her wolf was beautiful, I thought as I admired the captivating shade of white fur. Confidently, she strutted over to me and I was impressed at her size. Her wolf was larger than the average - almost as large as my own. Her eyes connected with mine, and I caught a glint of mystery and saw a smile coat her lips before she dashed off.3

I smirked and leaped after her. If a challenge is what she wanted, she'd most certainly get one. With much effort, I caught up to her, getting more and more impressed with the strength and stamina of her wolf. She was truly something special.+

And she was mine.6

I jumped on her as I caught up, nuzzling her neck but she maneuvered from under me and we playfully fought each other. I had forgotten what it was like to be this carefree. This open. +

We chased each other through the trees, barking and laughing at each other, our bond growing stronger with every stride. We circled and nipped, tumbled and wrestled, basking in the pure joy of the run. I managed to pin her down once again and was surprised when she licked my face, too surprised so she wiggled herself from under me once again and took off in a dash. She got far, but not far enough, I thought as I caught up and pinned her down again and licked her face for good measure. It was a rare moment of peace and happiness, and I found myself losing track of time.6

Something sizzled between us; something that we couldn't stop anymore now that our wolves had control. I could feel her wolf's desire, smell it in the air, and an almost primal urge to claim her seeped through me. Ignited through me.  It was a dangerous dance, a line we were treading on, but it was intoxicating and I couldn't get enough of it. Involuntarily, I bent to her neck and had my teeth scratching against her fur, ready to plunge them into her skin and mark her as my own. +

Then the rare moment of peace slipped away.+

The serenity we once felt was shattered by the loud cracking of growls in the air and I spun around at the sound. Standing on all fours, three wolves gnashed their teeth at me and growled back menacingly. +

'Conner, James, rogues close to the East border. Me and Zara are here,' I immediately alerted them as I let out my own menacing growl at the three rogues. They were a threat, and I instinctively moved to protect Zara, watching as they broke off and circled around us. My guard was back up now and I knew I had to protect Zara at any cost. +

She was mine.+

With every move they made, my eyes stalked them and I made a move to push Zara underneath me but she shoved me away and turned to the wolf in her view and growled at it. I wanted to pin her under me again but one of the wolves leaped towards me - and so it began.+

After the first wolf attacked, the others didn't spare a second. The second one jumped at the opportunity of facing off with an Alpha while the other decided to attack my mate. We fought, biting and tearing at each other until the death. As I yanked on the neck of the first wolf, I ripped it own and didn't waste time launching at the second. This wolf was weaker and, within minutes, I had it bleeding to death underneath me. +

I turned to fight the third only to realize that Zara had taken care of the rogue wolf all on her own. Marching up to her, I inspected her injuries and grabbed her fur with my teeth, pulling her away from the fight. She growled under me but I didn't care. I had to get her away from here. Once the pack house was in sight, I let her go and shifted, grabbing my pants and waiting for her to do the same. Once she was clothed, she emerged from the tree and growled at me.4

"Who the hell do you think you are?" she snapped at me.1

I glared at her. "Don't fucking start with me right now. You should have let me handle it," I added, my voice cold and demanding. +

Pissed. That's what I was. I couldn't help but be furious at the interruption and, more importantly, the danger Zara had put herself in. Anything could have happened and she would have been history.+

"I don't need you to jump in front of me and try to fight my battles. I can take care of myself," she continued.+

"You expect me to sit back and watch my mate fight off some rogue?! The bastard could have kidnapped you, or worse killed you. Do you expect me to not try o protect you?" +

"Newsflash, Alpha," she taunted, "I can protect myself - have been for years! I don't need you fighting my fights for me."+

I couldn't argue with her on that point, but I couldn't shake the worry that had gripped me when I saw the rogues circling us. I had to protect her, even if it meant making some difficult decisions. Without another word, I grabbed her forearm and dragged her to the house just as Conner and James were rushing out the door.+

"What happened?" Conner asked, glancing at Zara then meeting my eyes.+

"Rogues, about ten minutes from here. Three of them. Round up a team, I'll be down in a second," I answered before I walked through the door and met up with Abigale and Maya in the living room.+

"Oh gosh, what happened?" Abigale immediately jumped up. Releasing Zara, I turned to Maya.+

"See that she doesn't have any injuries," I said before locking eyes with Abigale, "rogues attacked. We will be back."+

"I'm not injured!" Zara shouted but I was already out the door. I met Conner and James by the trees, glancing at the men behind them.+

"Start a search of the grounds. By now, they should have shifted back to their human forms. I want to know where the rogues entered from and if they are connected to the Rogue King. Let's move."+

As we ran towards the problem, my mind kept returning to Zara, the frustration and anger I felt over her disobedience warring with my newfound respect for her skills. No matter what she was, she had taken down a rogue with ease, and part of me was proud.+

Yet, it didn't change the fact that I was pissed that she put herself in danger. I had to keep her safe, no matter how strong and capable she was.4

+

ZARA+

+

     "I said I'm fine!" I yelled at Maya, glaring in the direction that Haden stormed off in. 1

"This is just crazy," Abigale commented, "and it ruined the perfect night."+

"How dare he try that protective shit with me! I can take care of myself," I ranted running a hand through my hair.+

"Your dress is lovely," Maya commented.3

"As if he didn't have his own fight to deal with. It's just typical of Alphas to want to control everything. Ugh, I can't believe him!" 2

+

18 - Spreading Wildfire+

ZARA+

+

     "I said I'm fine!" I yelled at Maya, glaring in the direction that Haden stormed off in.+

"This is just crazy," Abigale commented, "and it ruined the perfect night."+

"How dare he try that protective shit with me! I can take care of myself," I ranted running a hand through my hair.+

"Your dress is lovely," Maya commented.+

"As if he didn't have his own fight to deal with. It's just typical of Alphas to want to control everything. Ugh, I can't believe him!"+

Maya and Abigale looked at each other before both taking a seat on the couch. The room fell silent and I sighed, glancing at them both and offering a silent apology. Despite what I originally thought, the night was going so well and I hate that it was ruined by the wolves.+

The run was soothing and thrilling at the same time. Our wolves had gotten closer than I could have ever prevented. I knew the bond between us was growing and it was getting more impossible to just get away. To leave him.+

But the fact that he didn't trust me to take care of myself was weighing on my shoulders. The thought just lit a fire in me and the anger returned. I needed to go cool off and I knew that these girls weren't going to let me get some fresh air with everything going on.+

A light bulb popped above my head and I turned my snarl into a smile.+

"I think I just need to calm down upstairs," I said, "I'll see you guys tomorrow."+

I pretended to head upstairs and, as soon as the TV's glow and voices filled the room, I slipped through the dimly lit corridor, navigating the shadows like a ghost, and snuck out the door. I didn't know where I was going, I just needed the anger to fade.+

Under the moon's silvery embrace, I wandered down the winding road, footsteps almost noiseless on the cobblestones. The night's serenity was punctuated by the soft, distant hum of the town.+

The streetlights cast a gentle radiance upon the pavements, their golden halos framing the quiet streets. Trees whispered in the breeze, leaves rustling in hushed tones, revealing nature's secrets. The town's stores had long closed their doors for the evening, except for a solitary diner nestled at the street's corner.+

Its warm, dimly lit interior beckoned me, a refuge for those seeking solace in the late hours. A bell dinged as I entered and the elderly woman behind the counter offered me a smile as I walked towards a booth by the window.+

"Anything I can get you, darling?"+

"No, I'm..." I trailed off, glancing down at the menu then out the window, "no, I'm fine. Thanks."+

"Well, I'm just a holler away," she warmly smiled and left me to my thoughts.+

And I was drowning in them.+

Haden needed to stop thinking that I was a damsel in distress. He thought he would save the day and I would just fall right into his arms. I was a capable wolf - strong and determined - and I could take care of myself.+

My years as a rogue taught me a crucial lesson, one that was embedded deep within me: self-defence was non-negotiable. In a life scarred with death and destruction, the only thing I knew was that I had to always stand my ground, to battle ceaselessly through all the obstacles in this chaotic world, just to keep moving forward.+

I had to stay alive.+

Before, I thought I had to stay alive to find the monster that ripped my family apart but since I found Mason and the others, I knew I had to stay alive for myself and the ones around me. They were all I had left. I had given up on finding the man, but I would never forget his face.+

The thought of me standing as I watched my family ripped away burned a hole into my chest for years, and it was Mason who made me accept that I couldn't do anything to help.+

But I wasn't defenceless anymore and Haden needed to –+

"So do you?"+

A voice brought me back to the diner and my eyes flashed forward to see a young man sitting before me. His enchanting hazel eyes shone with humor and he wore a huge smirk on his lips.+

"Excuse me?"+

"Do you think the night is a bit odd?" he pondered.+

"Odd?" I repeated.+

He nodded. "Yeah, odd. It's just odd to find a beautiful young woman out and about this late at night. Are you okay?"+

"I'm fine," I sharply said, looking back out the window then, after a minute of silence had passed, I slowly glanced back to see the man still sitting there and looking at me. "Can I help you with something?" My tone was rude, but I wasn't in the mood for small talk.+

He just laughed, seemingly not offended by my tone.+

"No, but I think I can help you. Want to talk about whatever's bothering you?"+

"You'll forgive me if I don't pour my heart out to strangers,"+

He smirked and leaned forward, "Funny, you don't seem like the type to pour your heart out at all."+

At that, I laughed. "Good at reading people, are you?"+

His eyes twinkled. "You could say that. Now are you gonna talk or what?"+

"Yeah, no," I chuckled, "we can talk about how odd it is for a man to be out here this late,"+

"Well, sounds like you just want to get me to talk. I don't mind, I like the sound of my own voice," he added with a wink, "I often come out to this diner during the night - a bit of a night owl. I love how peaceful and quiet it can be, and the owner's a charming woman."+

"Ah, so you're hoping to get in her pants," I said with a knowing look on my face and my arms crossed.+

He laughed loudly, so loud that the man sleeping at the main counter woke up startled. He turned to glare at us before going back in his slumber.+

"Oh, it's Gloria who can't keep her hands off me, Scout's honor," to prove his honor, he held up three fingers together but the boyish smile on his lips told a different story.+

"Quit messing with the young lady, Drake!" a voice bellowed from the counter and I realized then who Gloria was. The elderly woman who greeted me with a smile. I turned back to look at the man – Drake – and chuckled.+

"Oh, yeah, sure. I'm sure you're pretty defenceless from the attack. You poor guy," I feigned sympathy and patted his hands.+

We sat and joked around for hours, and I realized he wasn't the bad guy here. The man was a bit of a charmer and I could feel a friendship slowly developing between us. Before I even realized it, I started opening up about my situation with Haden and how trapped I felt.+

Looking out the window at the sun that threatened to break through the night sky, I turned back to Drake.+

"I have to get... home," I told him, the taste of the word 'home' leaving a strange sense of belonging on my tongue. "It was great to meet you, Drake."+

He took my hand to his lips and smirked as I laughed.+

"Great to meet you too, Zara,"+

With a wave at Gloria, I trudged out the door, the anger that bubbled inside me before completely diminished.+

+

19 - Too Close To The Fire+

HADEN+

+

     As I watched Zara leave the room, my last words hanging in the air, the sexual tension crackling like fireworks, I was left in a state of turmoil. Confusion, anger, and desire swirled within me, all ignited by the unexpected kiss we had shared.1

There was no stopping the bond now. She was mine and mine alone, and I couldn't hold myself back anymore. An Alpha needed his mate, naturally, but I needed her more. When I came back from the forest and didn't find her, I thought I was going to lose my mind. This woman, this rogue, had me by the balls and she didn't even know it.+

Let go of the fact that she's rogue, my wolf complained.+

Yeah, I would, I thought as I ran a hand down my face. I think I would have to. This connection between us was far more important than the current status she had. If everything goes well, she would be the Luna of this pack and she would wear my mark with pride.+

Or with reluctance, I thought with a smirk as the image of the fiery woman invaded my mind. She was stubborn, hard-headed, and argumentative but she was mine.+

Glancing at the clock, I saw it was twenty-two minutes past one and I tried to clear my head as I sat behind the desk by the window. Eyeing the maps below, I frowned at the sight of the packs that had been wiped out by the madman calling himself the Rogue King.+

He managed to wipe out five packs now, all in the Northern territories, and I couldn't help but think of the traditions and cultures that would be wiped away with it. He wiped out all but two and the logic of Conner seemed more plausible. There had to be a reason, I thought looking down at the territory called Saros Shadows, why they weren't trampled over as well.+

I tried to focus on the task at hand, sorting through the maps and research Conner had left behind from Abigale, but the night dragged on and my thoughts kept circling back to that kiss. Would she accept the bond? If I felt this way about it, did she as well? +

On the date, there seemed to have been walls crumbling, or at least cracking, before we got interrupted by the rogues. Would she be willing to make this work if I was? The answers eluded me, and I found myself pushing the papers aside and walking over to the couch, my thoughts stringing me along as I slipped into a comfortable position. +

It would be tomorrow's problem, I decided with a yawn escaping my lips then replaced with a small smile, but I was positive that this would work.+

Hours later, I woke up with a start, disoriented and bleary-eyed. Stumbling out of my office, I made my way to the living room, still groggy.+

"Good morning Alpha," the women in the kitchen greeted pleasantly as I walked by and I nodded with a warm smile on my face.+

"Good morning ladies, smells good," I added, going to the fridge for a bottle of orange juice and making my way towards the living room and settling on the couch. +

The morning sun streamed through the curtains and I was about to pick up the TV remote when I heard tumbling at the front door followed by a curse. My brows furrowed, glancing at the time, knowing not many would be up at this hour on a Saturday.+

As I set my orange juice on the coffee table and stood, a small wave of shock ran through me as I noticed Natalia coming up the three steps to the living room, a huge relieved smile on her face. Her scent hit me as she walked through the door, but I was too dazed to react immediately.+

Oh shit.+

"Haden!" she squealed and ran towards me, embracing me in a hug. I was too stunned to hug her back, my thoughts racing to the woman upstairs in my bed. With everything going on, I completely forgot she was coming today.+

"Natalia," I mumbled, blinking away the remnants of sleep. Her presence was a blur to me as I tried to shake off the moment of confusion.+

She looked at me with a mix of happiness, concern, and curiosity. "Oh, it's so good to be back! You know how my family gets, but this was so... Haden, what's that strange scent? It's... different. Have there been new pack members? Never mind, I'll see everything later on. I missed you,"+

Before I could respond, Natalia decided to take matters into her own hands. In a sudden and surprising move, she tackled me onto the couch with a smirk on her lips and kissed me passionately. My head spun with confusion, and the world around me ceased to exist for a moment.15

I didn't have time to process it. The minute my hand went to her waist, in an effort to get her off me, she grinded on top of me and moaned. I pulled away, fully aware of the burning sensation in the pit of my stomach, recognizing it as guilt.+

"Nat, wait there's..." I started, pulling away from her, pushing her off me carefully and easing myself up, fully prepared to have this discussion now. She needed to know about Zara and what we had.+

But it was too late.+

I froze at the sight of Zara in the threshold, staring at us with frost in her eyes. She looked between us expressionless before her eyes found my own and I held the shiver that came from looking in her eyes.+

"Zara, wait," I started but she was already gone.+

Fuck.+

I didn't hesitate. I ran after her, rushing up the stairs, missing her by a second when she slammed my bedroom door in my face.+

"Zara, that wasn't what it looked like," I exclaimed, groaning when I didn't get a reply. "Zara, please, can we talk about this?" I pleaded, and again once I got no response, I leaned my forehead against the door in defeat.2

Fuck.+

     I banged on the door repeatedly and pled my case from the other side, hoping that she would open the door but nothing budged. With slumped shoulders and a migraine forming, I descended the stairs and moved toward the living room in defeat. This was all my fault. I put off telling Natalia about what was going on with Zara and now, like Conner predicted, I hurt both women. Whatever connection I had managed to build with Zara was now shattered like glass, dwindling to dust.+

I let out a sigh when I saw Natalia still standing in the living room with confusion written on her face.+

"Haden... what..." she tried to formulate as I made my way to the couch and stuffed my head in my hands. I took a few minutes to breathe, trying to get rid of the headache and the fact that my wolf was frustratedly stomping around in my head.+

You've ruined everything, he growled at me.+

Yeah, yeah, yeah.+

"Haden, what the hell?" Natalia exclaimed, "I come back to see that rogue in this house – after everything she... she... wait, is she..." I lifted my head up just in time to see her eyes widen, watching as she connected the dots in her head.+

"Oh, Haden," she whispered, falling onto the couch beside me. I felt the waves of shock trembling around her and we both sat in silence for a while.+

"All the strange behavior makes sense now. It didn't before. I couldn't wrap my head around you being... well, it just all makes sense now. Congratulations," she softly added.+

"Nat –"+

"No, no, I really mean that," she wore a small smile as she turned to look at me, "Haden, we made this arrangement based on the fact that we both didn't have our mates and we were, at the time, the best solution for the pack. A strong Alpha and a capable Luna."+

+

20 - Burned To A Crisp+

ZARA+

+

     This morning was a fucking shit show and the last thing I person I wanted to see was the woman who was just caught locking lips with my mate. Yet, her voice called out on the other side of the bedroom door.

I was shocked, to say the least, that she had the audacity to come up here. My wolf wanted nothing but to claw her eyes out and I felt her possessive nature seeping through – something I had never experienced before. Her audaciousness could either help her case or dig her deeper into the pit she had unwittingly fallen into.+

"I'm waving my white flag out here," she added with a nervous chuckle. "I come in peace." Her words hung in the air, a fragile peace offering. Did I want it? The answer never came. After a long moment of silence, she seemed to grow more desperate, and her voice wavered. "I didn't know you guys were mates. I wouldn't have... Can you please open the door?"+

She didn't know, and the realization hit me like a sudden gust of wind. The rumors about Haden and me being mates had only surfaced a few days after Jenna had inquired about it in the kitchen. +

Natalia wasn't here during that conversation, and she didn't see the way Haden and I interacted. It may have been possible that she didn't know.+

But there was the probability that Haden would have told her, given the picture-perfect union they had. The thought of secrets flowing between them, given how perfect they were, seemed unimaginable. Wouldn't he have told her? Was he ashamed of our connection?+

I thought we shared something last night, or maybe I was the only one lighting myself on fire. Before I walked downstairs, I woke up refreshed, feeling a newfound energy charge within me. I knew things with Haden were on rocky ground, but the kiss last night meant something. It had left me in a whirlwind of emotions, and I couldn't just let it be.+

My plan was to confront him. I knew we had to talk about it and I knew it had to be sooner rather than later, but he was always giving me mixed signals. +

One minute he thought I was a ruthless rogue who was set on ruining his plans and the next he wanted me to be his mate. He'd vehemently denied the bond between us, yet last night, his lips had met mine with a hunger I couldn't ignore. And now, I wake up to him kissing the same woman he was planning to run with the pack with. +

Was this all just a game to him? Did he want me at all?+

"Zara, I just want to talk," she continued in a softer tone. "I brought eggs and bacon."+

My stomach growled involuntarily, revealing my conflicting emotions. Despite my annoyance, I was hungry. Cursing silently, I gave in and rose from the bed, succumbing to the tantalizing aroma of food wafting into the room. +

I unlocked and opened the door, meeting Natalia's hopeful smile as she held out a breakfast platter, her peace offering. I narrowed my eyes at it, at her, then wordlessly took it and walked back to the bed. Our unspoken tension hung in the air as we retreated to Haden's bed, perching uneasily on the edge.+

The heavy silence between us felt stifling, and I couldn't help but wonder what Natalia hoped to achieve with this conversation.+

"So," she said softly, breaking the silence, and offering a tentative smile.+

"What do you want?" I asked, as I dug into the food, my eyes never leaving her.+

Natalia met my gaze, her voice quivering slightly. "First, I want to apologize."+

When she said that, I almost choked on my food.+

"What happened, the kiss, it was all my fault," she continued, "I shouldn't have crossed that line. If I had known you were mates, I would have never even approached Haden."+

Her apology was unexpected, and I found myself stunned into silence. However, I couldn't deny the sincerity in her tone and her apologetic expression. She wasn't the person I had expected her to be, and I would be lying if I said it didn't catch me off guard. I had anticipated her to be resentful and territorial, warning me to stay away from Haden and their seemingly perfect life. I wasn't expecting... this.+

So, instead of giving in to the anger, I breathed out and felt a level of understanding simmering within me.+

Natalia's eyes darted left to right as she fidgeted with her hands nervously. "I never meant to cause any trouble, especially between you and Haden. There is a level of respect and responsibility between mates and I wouldn't dare come between the bond that the Moon Goddess had joined. She paired you both together for a reason," she added.+

My internal struggle was interrupted by a heavy sigh, followed by a bitter smile that tugged at my lips. I couldn't help that my expression softened as I studied her. +

"Look, I get it. You've got a history with Haden, and he's... well, I don't exactly know what you had. I can't blame you for acting on what you thought was normal. He was the one who found his mate, he was the one who should have set the record straight before you both started locking lips, especially after... no, it doesn't matter now. Instead of updating you, he was focused on himself, and that's the part that has me ticked off. He was so worried about having a rogue as a mate - about screwing up the future he had set out for himself and this pack. Well, guess what, it's his lucky day. Wish granted."+

Natalia's eyes widened in alarm. "You don't mean... Zara, you can't."+

The sardonic smile that crossed my lips contradicted the sadness in my eyes. "He wants to pretend that I don't exist? Fine. I don't want to be stuck in the middle of a man who can't decide what he wants."+

"No, no!" she exclaimed, "sorry, but there has to be... give him another chance at this. I left him downstairs in shambles trying to think of how to make this right. He wants to make things right with you, and you'd both be better for it. It's exactly what the Moon Goddess would have wanted,"+

"He can't have his cake and eat it too," I replied sharply.+

"Listen, Haden can be..." she trailed off.+

"Stubborn? Narcissistic? Hard headed? Selfish?" I finished and frowned as the sound of her laughter filled the room.+

"At times, yes, he can be all those things, but he can also be sweet, funny, and caring. All I'm saying is you guys have barely begun your journey; don't let me or anyone else get in the way of your happiness. Mates are a rarity and a gift from the gods. I was taught to cherish them no matter what,"+

I averted my gaze, turning my attention to the cerulean sky outside the window. The soft morning sun filtered through, casting a warm glow on the room, its rays caressing the very spot where I had slept. Natalia's words resonated within me and my wolf, urging me to appreciate the the mate bond, but the path forward appeared cluttered with insurmountable obstacles.+

He's trying, my wolf protested and I mentally scoffed. Locking lips with another woman isn't trying.+

Courtesy of my wolf, memories of the night we had spent on the patio, engaging in heartfelt conversations, flooded my mind. I couldn't help the small smile that graced my lips, unwillingly, as I got swept away by the memory of our run; our kiss. +

+

21 - Charred Silences+

ZARA+

+

     "Well, you must have amazing powers of persuasion," Rebecca said once the door was shut, and she was released from my hold. A sly grin played on her lips as she made her observation, and I couldn't help but roll my eyes in response as I made my way to sit on the edge of the bed.+

"The guy said Alpha Haden gave the okay for me to come see you. I can't believe you have the scariest Alpha wrapped around your little finger!" Rebecca continued, her voice dripping with amusement. "This is crazy."+

I couldn't help but chuckle, although I was quick to defend myself, "I don't have him wrapped around my finger. This is his way of getting back in my good books. If he thinks it's going to be that easy, he can think again."+

"Well, I can't say I object. It's better than being in a cell," she mused, hopping into the bed with me.+

"I hate that," I frowned, the frustration of her being imprisoned all this time gnawing at me. "You shouldn't be in a cell facing the worst."+

Rebecca shrugged, her grasp on my hands tight and reassuring. "It isn't so bad. I mean, sure, it would be nice to be out and running about, but they treat me well. The food is amazing; I was surprised at the quality but then a few of the other rogues mentioned that the cook upstairs is amazing. She doesn't care if you're a rogue or not; she keeps you fed and fed good."+

Her words eased my fears and warmed my heart.+

"But the Alpha didn't just bring me here so we can talk about me. Don't think I missed the little interaction between you two. What gives?"+

A sigh escaped my lips, and I reluctantly opened up about the complicated situation between Haden and me. Rebecca listened intently, her hazel eyes filled with understanding, uncertainty, and outrage as she absorbed every detail.+

"The thing is, I'm not angry at Natalia," I explained, my voice tinged with weariness. "She didn't do anything wrong, and you know how much I hate women who blame the other woman for her man's actions. There should never have been a reason for her to even think there was something going on, especially if you kissed me the night before."+

Rebecca's disapproval was palpable. "It sounds like he didn't even break things off with her. What an ass."+

I agreed, nodding with a somber expression. "He is, which is why he's going to have to make up for it, big time."+

"But?" Rebecca prompted, her curiosity unmistakable.+

A brow raised. "But what?"+

She scoffed.+

"I know you well enough to know there's a but coming, now spit it out,"+

I hesitated for a moment before continuing, "But me finding my mate doesn't change the fact that I have to keep running. You know what he'll do when he finds me."+

We shared a knowing look, the haunting memories of my past flooding back. The relentless pursuit of the man who had killed my family, and later, my unwitting acceptance of Haden as my mate, had haunted me for years. He wouldn't stop hunting me.+

Rebecca tried to offer words of reassurance. "He hasn't found you yet; I don't see why he should now. Don't worry about it."+

I chuckled and playfully shoved her. She wasn't lying. She was one of the only people left who knew me well enough.+

"But me finding my mate doesn't change the fact that I have to keep running. You know what he'll do when he finds me."+

We both shared a look, the memories fleetingly fogging our minds, a hint of fear having my stomach in knots. The ghosts of the past would always haunt me, threatening the level of normalcy I had built for myself. No matter where I went after all this time, he still found me. I had spent ages chasing after one ghost - the man who killed my family - but when I gave that part of my life up, I welcomed another phantom in my life without realizing it.+

He would never stop hunting me.+

I had told Rebecca about him, of course, when I initially met her and the rest of my chosen family. Opening up to them seemed to ease the burden at the time and it was almost a comfort to know that they would protect me if that time came. But now things were different.+

Now they were all gone - all but Rebecca.+

Without realizing it, my grip on her hand tightened and I had to force myself to take a breath. I knew I had to leave here, the only question was when.+

"He hasn't found you yet, I don't see why he should now," Rebecca tried to reassure me, but even her voice held a hint of worry. "Don't worry about it."+

Easier said than done.+

"Look, why don't we..." she trailed off as she leaned back, "why don't we have a girl's night? I know I'm not going to waste my time out of a cell by being depressed."+

Her suggestion brightened my spirits, and I grinned, eager for some distraction. I dug out the TV remote from the covers and powered it up. In the midnight darkness, the TV screen illuminated our small space as we snuggled under the covers to watch reruns of Friends, chasing away the shadows and worries.+

An hour in, laughter and the familiar sitcom soundtrack filled the room, allowing us to temporarily forget our troubles. But our newfound serenity was disrupted by a knock on the door, followed by Conner's head peeking in.+

"Ladies," he greeted, a warm smile on his face as he stepped fully into the room, his arms tucked behind his back.+

"Aww, don't tell me I have to go back to my cell now," Rebecca whined beside me as she pouted. Conner chuckled and shook his head.+

"No, but I do have an invitation for dinner," he said looking intently at me before his gaze drifted to Rebecca and smiled, "both of you."+

Before I could protest, Rebecca leaned up and eagerly agreed. "There's no way I'm passing up on good food," she said and I rolled my eyes and got up. Conner stepped forward, bringing his hand from behind his back and I caught sight of women's clothing in his right hand.+

"Thinking of switching sides, Conner?" I teased and he rolled his eyes.+

"My mate thought it would be nice to offer you both some comfortable clothes," he explained as he tossed the outfits on the bed, "see you both downstairs." With a charming wink, he backed out of the room and shut the door behind him.+

I blankly looked at Rebecca, who shrugged.+

"What?" she asked, "I'm hungry."+

     Tensions were high at the dinner table, not that I'd expect anything else. The clatter of silverware was the only sound that bounced off the walls. I tried my best to ignore the sideway glances from the people at the table. +

My harsh gaze was focused on one person and he sat on the other side of the long dinner table, meeting my eyes with the same level of annoyance. There wasn't much to be said. I mean, what did you say to the man who was supposed to be your mate but was caught lip-locked with another woman?+

+

22 - Smokescreen+

HADEN+

+

     Zara's fleeting smile echoed in my mind, a tantalizing mixture of challenge and uncertainty that left me chuckling with an odd sense of excitement. My eyes drifted south as I watched her walk away. She was a tempest, unpredictable and fiercely independent, and I found myself captivated by her spirit.+

Conner, get the rogue Rebecca upstairs, I mindlinked him, please.+

Sounds like you're finally taking my advice, he smartly said and I didn't have to be looking at him to see the smirk on his face, even has you learning some manners. Good for you, Almighty Alpha.+

Just get it done, you ass, I grumbled.+

As she walked out the door, a weight settled over me. Her cryptic parting had left more questions than answers, and I couldn't help but wonder where we stood. I wanted us to be on a good path, not just for the sake of us but for the safety and the future of this pack. Before anything else, the pack deserved a Luna.+

My musings were abruptly interrupted by the loud ringing of my phone. Glancing at the caller ID, and seeing Bryon's name flash across the screen, I picked it up with a smirk on my lips.     +

"Missed it here already, Chambers?" +

"Brightwood is under attack!" he exclaimed, his voice laced with urgency. My playful mood snapped away as he continued, "The Rogue King and his men... they breached their lands about half an hour ago. Ryland waited until the very last second to call for help, and I can't ignore it. They're one of my closest allies. They're outnumbered and struggling to fend the bastards off. I need every bit of help I can get."+

"You already had me at Rogue King," I growled out, "I'll meet you on your borders in five."+

My chest tightened as I hung up the phone and rushed outside, issuing a loud order for men to meet me in front of the pack house immediately. The Rogue King would meet his end tonight, I vowed as a snarl came across my lips. It was time to end all the chaos and discord among the packs. Vengeance bubbled inside me as I stood on the front steps of the house, watching men flood in at the urgency of my mind link. James found his place beside me and the men in front of us buzzed with tension as I briefed them on the situation.+

"Listen up. Brightwood is under attack from the Rogue King," growls and protests rang in the air as I continued, "They aren't far from here and they are an ally of the Redwoods – which means they are an ally to us. I appreciate all of you for your help. Let's go kill this son of a bitch." Waves of agreement strung out as I shifted to my wolf and led us all to the Redwoods Pack. 6

Together, we pushed forward, the sight of the full moon taking its turn in the sky and the faint wind caressing my fur. It didn't take long for us to get to the Redwoods border and shortly after, we all ran towards the chaos. The sound of battle reached my ears long before we reached the outskirts of the Brightwood territory. The sight of red smoke billowed on the horizon, a grim indicator of the violence that had unfolded. +

We arrived united, meeting the scene of destruction with hard eyes. With a sharp nod at Bryon, I watched him lead his men in one direction and I charged in another. +

The air was thick with sweat, blood, and death, the true remnants of combat. The sounds of gnashing teeth, angry snarls, and painful shouts filled the air. Bryon wasn't lying. The Rogue King had brought war with him, and had we not shown up with our men, they would have been outnumbered until the end. The Brightwood Pack was desperately trying to hold their ground, I realized as I leaped at one of them and tore him to pieces. His rogue army seemed endless, their sheer numbers threatening to overwhelm our allies.+

My pack rushed into the fray without any other objection, fangs bared, and snarls ablaze with determination. I didn't waste any time, my primal instincts taking over as I fought alongside my pack. Claws clashed with claws, teeth sank into flesh, and the chaotic symphony of battle roared all around us.+

My eyes looked around the field as my paw rested on the chest of a rogue wolf who had taken his last breaths only moments ago. I set out on one target and one target alone: the bastard who destroyed my family. Distracted, I didn't see the two brown wolves who launched at me, taking me down together. One of them snipped at my leg and I reacted before I could dwell on the pain, roughly nudging one of them into a tree while I growled at the other. We didn't wait, clawing at each other until I sunk my teeth into his neck. +

Before I could, his associate snuck up behind me and growled at me. They both circled me and I snarled, fueling the fire inside and erasing the pain. I had to think tactically, practically, I thought as I growled loudly at them. Waiting for one of them to attack first, I felt the adrenaline flood through my veins. It take one of them to make a mistake, I thought with a smirk, as one leaped towards me. We tangoed, gnashing and clawing at each other and I pushed him into a tree with full force, satisfied at the sound of bones breaking. +

Nothing sparing a second, I clawed at the second one, heard the howls of pain and saw the blood scouring from their bruised eyes. As one tended to their wounds, I made my move to the first, successfully snapping his throat this time. When I turned to handle the second one, it was nowhere to be found. I wanted to go searching for it, leaving no rogue unchecked, but a cry brought me back to the battlefield. +

The ground was littered with the fallen, and it was too early to tell from which side of the fight they were from. The battle raged on for hours, no side wanting to walk away shameful and battered. The rogues fought well, I wasn't afraid to admit, but they were no match for the packs. No match for the true power of unity. +

And then I saw him.+

The man who ruined my family. On the other side of the field, watching his men fight valiantly for him, he was draped in full black and the smirk on his face couldn't go unnoticed even from where I stood. I growled loudly, so loud it had the rogues in my path trembling with fear. They tried to fight me but it was no use. The taste of vengeance in my mouth was too intoxicating. +

I pushed forward, shoving everything and everyone out of my way. His eyes seemed to connect with mine from across the field and the smirk widened. I felt something shift inside me, pushing harder and harder, wanting to rip his throat out more than anything in the world. I was seeing red, blinded by my rage, consumed by my vengeance. +

It wasn't until I heard countless howls and cries from the north that I slowed, coming to a stop. I watched, surprised at the sudden rush of wolves charging onto the empty field, then turned back to see the smirk wipe cleanly off his face. Hundreds of wolves flooded in, trampling on the remainder of the rogues in our path. Taking advantage of the situation, of the distraction, I tackled one of the rogues and killed him instantly. It didn't take long for them to realize the odds were against them. For them to admit defeat. They withdrew, falling behind and running towards the other side. We crushed the remaining ones, but my vision narrowed to the one man I was after. I was charging after him, not willing to let him disappear from my vision. +

I was close, so close, then two wolves tumbled into me, knocking me down at the unexpected side attack. When I got up, they were gone, vanishing beyond the thickness of the red fog.3

---+

     "– and they backed away without a second thought!" +

Men were cooped up together, basking in the victory we had found ourselves in, but I knew better. This, no matter how good it was now, was only temporary. The bastard slipped away once again and he would go into hiding before plotting his next attack. +

In a bitter mood, I marched up to the Brightwood pack house and walked straight to the circle of Alphas. My eyes met Bryon's before turning to look at the young Alpha.+

"My condolences for your loss Alpha..."+

"Ryland," he filled in, "we're grateful for your help, though we weren't expecting it. I couldn't believe the numbers."+

"An ally of Bryon is an ally of mine," I firmly said, "it's a pity the Rogue King disappeared before I tore him limb from limb."+

"I don't think he wanted to meet his fate today," a new voice sounded from behind me. I glanced back to see Stephan and Cannon walking up to us, both seemingly pleased with the outcome.+

"He ran away like a frightened little mouse," Cannon inputted as he rolled his eyes, "and to think we went through all the trouble of bringing the party to him."+

I chuckled, bumping fists with him, before doing the same to Stephan. Standing here right now were the most powerful Alphas of the Americas and I still couldn't help but feel defeated. He managed to slip right through my fingers. +

"He's not going to stop," I reminded, "we need to get rid of him once and for all."+

"Patience," Stephan said, putting his hand on my shoulder, "look around, friend, men are still tending to their wounds. Let's not run into another battle right after one's just ended, shall we? And you need to get looked at yourself," he added looking down at my arm. Following his gaze, I noticed the stream of blood flowing down my arm. Once I saw it, the pain I switched off came flooding back and I winced as he slapped my shoulder blade.+

I nodded.+

"Fine, but we'll need to discuss this sooner rather than later. I'll take my leave now, I have to get back to..." I trailed off, the weight of the word 'mate' caught in my throat. I cleared it, then said, "my mate."3

Their shocked look made me roll my eyes.+

"You found your mate?" Bryon stuttered out.+

I chuckled. "Yeah, I have, and as much as I would love to talk about the inner workings of my relationship, I have wolves to tend to and a pack to run."+

"Yeah, yeah, yeah, whatever you say," Cannon smirked knowingly and I got away before they could start the teasing and taunting. I rounded up the wolves who stood with me, grateful for the minimal casualties that we had, and started our journey back home. The men with me were battle-worn and exhausted when we got back, but a sense of relief flooded through the pack bond, all of us grateful that we could help fellow wolves in need. The weight of the day's events hung heavy on our shoulders, and I couldn't wait to bid the night goodbye.+

As we fell back into our territory, I ran faster and faster, and the sight of the pack house soothed me. But the sight that greeted us was far from what I had expected. The pack house was in complete disarray, wolves running in and out of the house with concern. What the hell happened now? My heart pounded in my chest as shifted and rushed forward, meeting Conner on the steps, not liking the grim expression he wore on his face.+

"Haden... I..."+

"What?" I snapped abruptly.+

"Haden, it's Zara. She's... she's gone."5

A cold chill ran down my spine, and my world seemed to unravel as the harsh reality of the situation struck me. The chaos that had unfolded in our absence was beyond anything I could have imagined, and my worst fears had come to pass.1

-----+

There's nothing worse than hearing your mate's gone after a long, drawn-out battle with your arch-nemesis. I mean, that just breaks your spirit, doesn't it?4

Share your comments and don't forget to hit that little star on your screen. Those little stars mean the world to me plus they boost the book on the hot list 😉+

What do you think happened to Zara?6

Stay tuned to find out!+

+

23 - Blazing Through Allies+

HADEN+

+

     Rage consumed me as I growled loudly at my Gamma, my vision blurred by a red haze. Gone. I didn't know a word would weigh down on my chest so hard, almost making it impossible to breathe. +

My mind raced through a thousand possibilities, and I couldn't think straight. My eyes flashed around me and I pushed men out of my way as I made my way to the forest, shifting mid-air and plunging into the depths of green, dark fur bristling with raw energy. The mere thought of Zara being kidnapped was unbearable, an agony I couldn't fathom especially with the way we had left things. +

Regret coursed through me as I pushed myself further and further, trying to identify anything that would lead me to her. The night air was crisp, filled with the myriad scents of the forest, and I focused my senses on finding her trail. Her scent was faint but it was there and it was that hope that kept me going. My wolf and I were in sync, both yearning for her safe return. Understanding the intensity and the urgency of the situation. Despite what she was, she was mine to protect. +

Mine.+

Despite what she was, I needed her to be by my side. The thought of her being tortured or killed sent me into a frenzy and my paws hit the ground harder, a different taste of determination guiding me. The bond between us, weak as it was, throbbed with a muted desperation. She was out there, somewhere, and she needed me. +

I had to find her.+

The faint scent led me towards the Northern side of my territory before it disappeared without a trace. She was like a ghost, slipping through my grasp, and I cursed my own negligence.+

Why the fuck didn't I mark her?2

If I had marked her, the link between us would have been stronger and I would have been able to mind link with her to figure out where she went. My sharp senses scoured the ground for any trace of her, anything at all, but she remained elusive. Minutes stretched into agonizing hours, and I couldn't let go of the fear that I was losing her with every passing moment. +

That I wasn't going to find her. +

It was almost dawn before I threaded back to the pack house, bursting through the front door in my human form, still seething with anger. James and Conner, who had been waiting in the living room, jumped to their feet, startled by my abrupt entrance. +

I growled in frustration, my eyes latching on to Conner. "What the hell happened here, Conner?" I snapped, my voice edged with fury.+

Conner's expression was grim as he met my gaze. "Haden, everything happened so unexpectedly. I was downstairs when I heard a scream from the bedroom and when I got there, Rebecca was knocked out, and Zara was gone. The window was wide open."+

My blood ran hot, a boiling heat flushing through me as I achieved a new form of rage. Someone had infiltrated our pack house and kidnapped Zara without setting off any alarms, then they vanished into thin air. We were supposed to be on full alert, yet an intruder managed to find their way into my house – into my fucking bedroom – without any alert. +

I cursed loudly as I paced before them, and my mind raced as I considered the implications. If someone was able to have easy access to this house, then it could only mean one of two things; either someone was betraying this pack or someone wasn't doing their job. Either way, the fact that a rogue could be this close to this house was a major security breach. 5

"Is the other rogue awake?" I asked Conner.+

"Rebecca?" he asked and I nodded, "yeah, she's upstairs and, wait Haden she's..." he continued but I didn't hear him, marching upstairs to see the rogue who had been with my mate when this all happened.+

When I got to the room, I found her lying on the bed with an ice pack on her head. +

"You," I growled at her, "what happened?"+

Her eyes widened at the sight of me and I detected a hint of fear. She winced as she leaned up, pressing the ice pack harder to the back of her head. Conner and James had found their place behind me but they didn't say a word.+

"I... I don't know. One minute we were asleep and the next, I was being pulled out of bed by someone dressed in full black. I screamed – oh, God, Zara," she paused, her eyes glassing over and tears threatening to fall.+

"Don't give me the waterworks," I snapped, "give me what you know."+

She cleared her throat and continued, "After I screamed, I tried to fight him off but then he slapped me down. I must have hit my head hard, I... I only remember seeing flashes of him and Zara fighting before I passed out."+

"What did he look like?" I pressed, inching closer to the bed. +

She shook her head, the tears falling now. "I didn't see his face. Oh, I hope she's okay," she murmured to herself before launching into a crying fit. I ground my teeth as I walked out of the room and jogged down the stairs.+

"It didn't make sense," James said as he followed behind me.1

'Attention everyone. I need all able warriors to gather in the meeting room as soon as possible,' I sent through the mind-link. +

"It doesn't," I agreed with James, "and I'll be looking into that problem once Zara is found."4

Within twenty minutes, the meeting room was filled with men and women, some of whom had just come back from fighting one war. Mutters and murmurs flooded the air as they looked amongst themselves.+

"Everyone, listen up," I began,  the urgency clear in my tone, Tension hung in the air as I addressed them, my voice unwavering, "I apologize for waking everyone this early, first of all, but we've had a major security breach."+

I paused as the murmurs between them started again.+

"Rumors have been circulating that I have found my mate," I started again, looking at them all, "it's true, I have found my mate and the future Luna of this pack," their cheers sounded throughout the room and I held up a hand to quiet them again, "but she was taken from this house while some of us were out fighting the Rogue King. She was taken from this house! It's a crime that cannot be forgiven, and I ask that all who are able to help me bring her home. Help me bring our Luna home."1

Every man in the room stood to their feet in uproar, ready to fight for the pack's future, their faces resolute. It was a huge ask, but I was satisfied that they were all willing to help. I knew they would stop at nothing to ensure her safety.+

With that, we dispersed, separating into groups so that we could cover the vast stretch of land. Daybreak was upon us, the morning sun touched the sky as it transfigured into a soft shade of blue.

We would find her, no matter the cost.+

+

       The next few days, I was fueled with a relentless fire that I couldn't control. We managed to search every inch of the territory but found nothing. My wolf was feral, determined to find her no matter the cost. +

The forest blurred as I ran, trees passing by in a relentless, dark procession. Each step I took was another reminder that she was out there somewhere and I couldn't help her. Another reminder of how I couldn't protect her. The bond, faint yet unbreakable, hummed even in her absence, a clear sign that she was still alive and it was the only thing that pushed me.+

+

24 - Unexpected Collisions+

ZARA+

+

     The warmth of the fire pit danced against my skin as I slowly woke up, my vision blurred as I tried to take in my surroundings. Where the hell... oh no. Panic held me by the throat as the events of last night flooded back to memory. I shot up almost immediately, my eyes surveying the surroundings until they landed on one familiar face. +

Drake. 27

He sat on the opposite side of the fire, calmly munching down on what appeared to be a makeshift meal. I narrowed my eyes at the man, my kidnapper, feeling the anger swell within me, along with a hint of fear. +

"You," I growled out as I rose to my feet. +

"Me," he simply said, a tiny smirk hanging from his lips. I couldn't help but gap at him.2

"What the hell were you thinking?" I demanded as I rose to my feet. "You... you kidnapped me from the pack house! You hurt Rebecca! God, I don't even know if she's okay,"+

He didn't look up from his meal but calmly continued to eat as if my outburst meant little to him. His nonchalant attitude to this entire ordeal wasn't entirely comforting. +

"You told me you wanted to escape," he replied, finally glancing in my direction. "So, I made that possible."7

I parted my lips, the words failing to escape. It all felt surreal, almost too unreal to be true. The man I had met at the diner was a world apart from the one now casually seated by the fire. My throat tightened as I observed him, his eyes fixed on the food before him while his fingers deftly picked at the remnants of his meal. He wore that same black leather jacket I had seen him wear when we first met, paired now with black rugged jeans and sturdy black boots. The man was an intricate puzzle, an enigma beyond comprehension, and it was clear that he was unafraid to dance with danger.7

That alone made him dangerous – unpredictable.+

"You made that possible?" I repeated with a scoff, "Who the hell are you? Some kind of bounty hunter? You physically took me from that house and once Haden finds out, he'll..."+

Oh fuck.+

Haden.+

My eyes widened suddenly, the thought of my fated mate finding out about this unexpected disappearance lingering in my thoughts. Considering how well he took it last time when I snuck out, I couldn't possibly imagine the lengths he would go to now to get me back. The memory of his piercing intensity in his gaze when I walked into the office that night replayed in mind, anxiety settling deep into the pit of my stomach.+

This wasn't the way I wanted to leave. It was too messy, too unstructured. I wanted to leave on my own terms – my own way – without worrying about another Alpha coming to find me. +

A painful whine came from my wolf, reacting to the faint tug of the mate bond, and I yelled out in frustration. My hands ran anxiously through my hair as I paced the uneven ground, consumed by inner turmoil.1

"I didn't want to leave like this," I told him, my voice wavering as I considered my options. "If I go now, it'll only create more problems."+

Drake seemed to consider my words as he set his plate aside and glanced up at me, brushing the cribs from his fingers down his pants.+

"The way I see it, blondie, I took you from a situation you didn't want to be in. Or is that no longer the case?"2

"Quit twisting what I said," I glared at him, "the night that we met I was upset, understandably, but that doesn't give you the right to up and kidnap someone! Are you insane?" +

He simply smirked. "To some, maybe."5

I rolled my eyes in disbelief and instinctively retreated, putting distance between us as he slowly rose from the tree stump. No, he wasn't the man I thought he was. An unsettling feeling gnawed at me, hinting that something was awry. If I didn't get away now, I wouldn't get away ever. +

I scanned my surroundings, taking in the expansive open space, my mind racing to deduce my location and the path that would lead me back to familiar territory.+

"You don't have to be afraid of me," he calmly said, taking another step forward. My instinctual reaction was to retreat, and he paused when he saw me moving backward. His frustration was palpable as he sighed, "Look, I wasn't trying to hurt you or anyone else."+

My eyes flared with anger.+

"And you didn't think throwing Rebecca to the ground would hurt her? That doesn't go into your books as hurting someone?!"+

At that, he grimaced. +

"I didn't mean to do that. I didn't expect her to be in the room with you. No one told me that she'd be there with you. It wasn't..." he ket his words trail off.1

I froze, the panic returning to the surface. "No one told you?" my breathing quickened, "Wait, what does that mean? Do you... you had people watching me?"1

"No!" he burst out as he made another cautious step towards me, stopping again when I moved back, "I'm not going to hurt you, Zara. Can we just sit and talk?"+

I scoffed loudly, folding my arms across my chest and rolling my eyes.+

"Sit and talk with the man who kidnapped me hours ago? Why don't I just shoot wings out of my back and fly while I'm at it?" I snapped, "I'm going back to the pack house before Haden starts freaking out."+

With that, I turned around and started walking towards the sheltering trees, shaking my head at his stupidity, but the next sentence he called out had me coming to an abrupt halt.+

"If you leave now, you won't get to see your brother,"7

A chill ran through my body, the distant memory of my brother flooding through me. The word brother hadn't been uttered to me in years – decades even. My brother died the night my parents did. I was sure of it. The flames engulfed everything I knew, everything I held dear to my heart, leaving nothing but ashes and dust. The innocent girl who had been forced to witness the death of her family's gruesome death knew that there was no possibility that her brother was still alive. +

It was unimaginable.+

Slowly, I turned to face Drake, my eyes searching his for any sign of deceit. "My brother is dead," I stated flatly, my voice unwavering in that fact. +

"Is he?" he pushed, a sly smile tugging at the corner of his lips and his eyes sparkling with unsettling curiosity. My patience was wearing thin with this man.3

"Whatever sick joke you're making out of this, stop. You come near me again and I'll snap your neck," I snarled at him, too bothered by the fact that he brought up an aspect of my past I chose to keep buried. How the fuck did he know about that anyway?+

I had to get out of here.+

With one last icy glare, I turned on my heels and bolted into the thick forest, ignoring his shouts and protests. I wanted to shift badly but my wolf was still weak from inhaling the wolfsbane he had used. Fucking bastard. Still, I managed to evade him, sprinting between the towering trees with the hopes that I was running in the direction of the pack house.+

What gave him the right to –+

"Oof," escaped my lips as I bumped into a hard chest. Hands gripped my forearms to steady me and involuntarily placed a hand on the man's chest before my eyes found his. He was ruggedly handsome defined by sharp, chiseled features, including a strong jawline, dark blonde hair, and piercing, deep-set eyes that seemed to hold untold stories and familiarity. His eyes were a rich shade of hazel, the colors shifting from green and brown in the sunlight filtering in beneath the trees.1

+

25 - Scorching Territories+

HADEN+

+

     Torture.+

That's what the last few days had been like. Time seemed to slow, drawing out this agonizing torment and leaving me with nothing but emptiness. I couldn't function; the pain I would feel without her. Conner tried to tell me it was all a part of the process, this mate bond, but no one should be subjected to this form of torture. +

The worrying made it worse, the not knowing where she was or if she was okay, and the regret was like icing on the cake. An Alpha was supposed to protect his people but how could my pack look up to me to lead them if I couldn't even protect my mate?+

Every second that passed was like a heavy weight pressing down on my chest, making it difficult to breathe. My mind was a whirlwind of anxiety and fear, feelings I was unfamiliar with, unable to rest for a moment. I had faced threats and challenges as the Alpha, but this was different. This was personal. +

Sleep had been an illusion, and when it did come, I was in a looping nightmare of trying to save Zara and never getting to her. I would wake up in a cold sweat, my heart racing, only to be reminded of the harsh reality that she was still out there somewhere, possibly in danger.+

Then there was the rage. +

It had been building up inside me, a monster ready to break free of his cage. My wolf had been charged with fury, a ferocious growl rumbling my chest. He had two main goals; one was to get Zara back no matter the cost and the other was to kill whoever dared to cross him. +

He refused nothing but bloodshed, and I couldn't agree more. They would regret getting on the wrong side of me. +

A knock sounded on the other side of my office door and I snarled. +

"What is it?" +

Not offering a response, the door opened and James walked through calmly, unbothered by the sneer on my face. +

"What do you want?" +

Wordlessly, he crossed the room and slouched in the chair in front of me. +

"So," he started with a grin on his lips. I waited for him to continue, narrowing my eyes in frustration when he didn't. +

"Get out, James," I growled, returning my focus to the stack of papers in front of me. +

"Can't do that," he said. +

"I'm not in the fucking mood. Get the fuck out," I snarled. +

"The thing is, Alpha, everyone's been walking on eggshells around you because you're a ticking time bomb. No one can talk to you anymore," he shrugged. +

"Of course I'm a fucking time bomb!" I exclaimed, jumping out of my chair, "My mate is out there and I have no way of knowing if she's okay or not. No way of knowing where she is. Do you understand that or not?"+

James held my gaze before turning away to look out the window. +

"And everyone gets that, Haden, but snapping at everyone isn't going to make her magically appear," he said looking back at me.+

I glowered at him and clenched my fists, watching as his eyes flickered to them. +

"What, you want to hit something? Get rid of all the frustration? Go right ahead," he said, coming to his feet and staring me dead in the eyes. +

"What I want is to be left alone," I growled out, moving from behind the desk and making my way towards the door, opening it and giving him a pointed look. +

"Not happening," he insisted, marching towards me, "go ahead, take a swing. We're all tired of Moody Haden. We need to focus on finding Zara, yes, but we also have other important things that have to be dealt with. Stop being a piss pour Alpha and do your job."+

"What the fuck did you just say to me?" I angrily asked, slamming the door shut and walking towards him. +

"Touched a nerve did I? Too fucking bad. Stop being an idiot and serve this pack the way you're meant to. I'm getting reports that you marched into one of the Southern packs and demanded to see all the women, and let's not forget about the public fight you had with Bryon. You yelled at Jenna in the middle of the hospital just yesterday! You know where I found her? At our old family house crying her eyes out. My sister, Haden!"+

"Watch your tone with me, Beckham," I warned.+

"Or what? You'll start behaving like you're an Alpha? Because from what I'm seeing now, there isn't an Alpha in this room and –"+

His words were cut short when my fist connected with his face.+

My wolf raged, not liking the insult, not liking the challenge. He cursed silently as he held his nose and shut his eyes. +

"That's all you got?" he smartly said and I growled loudly. He blinked, refocusing his eyes on me and continued his taunting, "come on, you've got to have more in you than that."+

Charging towards him again, my fist was ready to hit him square in the face again but I paused, looking into his eyes then resorting to punching the wall instead. I didn't stop there, my wolf was already on edge, wanting the release. I tore the office apart, throwing the bookshelf to the ground and flinging the table upside down. I wore the anger like the clothes on my back, reaching for the chair by the window and throwing it through the window, the glass shattering into a million pieces beneath my feet. Closing my eyes, and with fists clenched, I took deep breaths in an attempt to calm myself down.+

"Well," I heard him clear his throat behind me, "that was fun."+

"Oh, shut up James," I cursed and ran a hand over my face.+

"I'm sure someone will have a field day wondering why there's a wooden chair outside your window, but until then," he stepped forward over the shreds of paper that now covered the floor, "we have a group approaching the Western border."1

My eyes snapped alert.+

"Rogues?" I immediately asked. +

"Unconfirmed, but we need to be prepared, given the times and all," he said.+

"If they're unconfirmed, it may be the group Alex was talking about, the ones that managed to flee from up North before the Rogue King got to their territories," I informed him, "but why would they be coming from the West?"+

"If you're finished throwing a tantrum like a five-year-old child, you can come with us to find out."+

"Don't make me hit you again, James," +

He chuckled and walked towards the door, pausing when I called him back.+

"Thanks," I said and I caught the smirk on his face before he went through the door. +

     We ran as a team, dozens of us heading towards the Western border prepared for the worst. I was leading the pack, taking my rightful place in front as we sprinted through the depths of the forest.+

Status update, I mindlinked the wolves in control of the Western border.+

They haven't reached the border yet, Alpha, one wolf mentioned, they appear to be a small group. Travelling on foot. +

+

26 - Boiling Points+

ZARA+

+

     I had never been fond of doctors, especially those who insisted on poking and prodding at me, and today was no different. I snapped at the unfamiliar nurse who inched my head to the left, not surprised when she jumped back then looked to the man who leaned against the wall for reassurance. I glared at him when he nodded at the nurse, who proceeded to inspect my face.+

Despite my lengthy objections, Haden insisted that I get checked over once we got back to the pack house. I expected to see Maya but was told she was at school so that left this elderly woman who didn't understand the meaning of boundaries or personal space. +

"Are we done here?" I impatiently asked, ripping my arm away from the woman who struggled not to glare at me.+

"We're waiting on the pack doctor," he stated, his eyes trained on me. I could understand his concern, but I couldn't help but feel like a caged animal under their watchful eyes.+

"Well how much longer –"+

"Apologies, Alpha," the door burst open and an older man dressed in a white coat sauntered in with a clipboard in hand. He was well-groomed, his silver hair neatly combed and slightly receded at the temples, hints at a lifetime of dedicated work and intellectual pursuits. Behind a pair of wire-rimmed glasses, his deep-set eyes hold a sparkle of knowledge and a warm, approachable demeanor. +

"I'll take it from here, Mary," he said with a smile then shifted positions with the woman. "Hello, Zara, how are you feeling?"+

"Like I would like to get out of here," I mumbled making him chuckle.+

"Ah, another patient who isn't a fan of Doctors," he mused, pulling a chair from behind him to sit in front of me. "Any particular reason why? Here, open for me."+

I glowered at him, at the thermometer he had sitting in front of my mouth, before I opened my mouth and folded my arms in displeasure. After a few minutes, it pinged and he hummed at the results making a note of them on the clipboard.+

"We aren't so bad, see," he said as he lifted a light to my eyes, "do you want to explain to me what happened?"+

I exhaled loudly, rolling my eyes as the story rushed through me, being careful to leave out the bit about who in fact kidnapped me. If Drake was linked to Luca and if he thought he was bringing me to Luca on good faith, I didn't want to bring that piece of the puzzle to the board yet. Drake didn't even come back with us when we walked back to the pack, so there was definitely something I was missing about that man.1

"And you remember nothing about your kidnapper?" the doctor asked.+

I shook my head. "No, nothing. My brother found me as I was escaping."+

"Fortune has favored you," he calmly asserted. After conducting a few additional tests, he gracefully stood from his seat. "Alpha, it appears that Luna is in good health. Based on my observations, there are no indications of a concussion or any physical injuries. I see no reason for her to stay longer than she needs to. However, should she experience any distress, I'm at her service for a house call."+

Haden gave a nod. "Thank you, Jeffery."+

Once the doctor left, Haden moved towards me as I rose from the bed, feeling the relief wash over me at the fact that I didn't have to stay here. I was looking forward to catching up with Luca, making up for all the time that we missed together, and I needed to find out how Rebecca was doing.+

"Going somewhere?" he questioned.+

"Where's my brother?" I immediately asked, fixing the jacket on my back and having my eyes meet his. They followed me here and I wanted to make sure they were safe and offer them my support. +

Haden's response caught me off guard.+

"He's in a cell. How about we go back upstairs and you lie in bed? I know you don't –," 5

I couldn't hide my frustration and anger as I interrupted his nonchalant tone. "You've put my brother in the cells? What the fuck?"+

Haden sighed and tried to reach for my hand but I moved away from him. His eyes narrowed as he said, "Zara, you know we can't have more rogues roaming our lands. One is enough," he added pointedly looking at me. I rolled my eyes and crossed my arms.+

"Let's not go there. There's no reason for you to put Luca in a cell,"+

"They're rogues, Zara,"+

"Haden, they're not a threat to anyone here and I didn't lead them here so they could be locked away in some cell because they aren't up to your standards!"+

Haden's distrust was evident in his eyes. "It isn't a standard, is simply facts. There's no way I am letting rogues just walk free on my territory. We've had this argument before if you can remember, when you brought up Rebecca. The answer isn't going to change simply because..."+

"Because he's my brother?" I glared, "Well, it should! I'm not letting them sit around in cages, Haden. They won't hurt anyone."+

"I can't take that chance. The term rogue screams chaos and confusion," he shook his head, "It's the last thing the pack needs after the last few weeks. They aren't roaming my territory and that's final."+

I was growing frustrated by his stubbornness. "You have plenty of land! There's no reason they can't... wait, that's it!" she smiled brilliantly and grabbed my hands, the tingles running up my arm. "What if they didn't stay on your lands? What if they had lands of their own?"+

"What?"2

"That's the best solution, right? If they had lands of their own then they could roam about freely and you wouldn't have to worry about them causing chaos with the pack. You could... give that to them," I held a reluctant grin, "If you offered them a tiny, remote section, away from the pack, then they won't bother you anymore."+

Haden's tone was firm as he countered, "So, your big solution is for me to give up a part of the lands that I've worked hard to secure to a bunch of rogues?"+

The grin wiped off my face and my glare returned, "No, I want you to give up parts of your lands to your mate's brother and his friends. Come on, please?"+

We stared each other down, tension thick in the air. After a few moments, Haden cursed and released my hands, running a free hand of his face as he paced. +

"Fine," he said, his voice firm and resolute, "but on one condition."5

I watched the wheels turn in his eyes and a smirk took over his lips, making me narrow my eyes at him in distrust.+

"I'll let your brother and his friends have their piece of land," he started, "but only if you let me mark you."13

The demand took me by surprise. I hesitated, the weight of his words sinking in. Marking was a significant step, signifying the bond between mates, and furthering the link between us. My throat tightened and my eyes were wide when they met his. It wasn't a request that could be taken lightly. Being marked would forever link me to this life, to this man, and I wasn't quite sure how I felt about that. Could I be tied to someone when there were so many ghosts in my past who might reappear at any moment?3

He stepped closer towards me and electricity sizzled between us, wanting us to close the two-feet gap between us. I couldn't handle him getting any closer. His head tilted as he looked at me, waiting for an answer. +

"Mark me?" I breathed out.+

Haden nodded, his gaze unwavering. "Yes. That's the only way I'd ever agree to something like this. The pack needs stability right now and..." he trailed off, the words seemingly caught in the back of his throat. Seconds passed and he cleared his throat before taking one step forward. "This is about the pack, yes, but it's also about us. You have no idea how sick with worry I was. And I was a fucking pitbull –"+

"Pitbulls are kinda ugly, you know," I interjected, my stomach fluttering at the sound of his chuckle.21

"I was pissed because of how helpless I felt. I couldn't... fuck, there was no way of finding out if you were okay or not. I searched for you for days, coming up empty-handed every single fucking time. The only thing that kept me going was the faint connection that my wolf latched on to. That isn't enough anymore. It's never going to be enough."1

He took that final step and my breathing faltered.+

"You're mine. It's not just about claiming you; it's about ensuring your safety and making sure that never happens again. With the rogue king out there, I need to be connected to you, to know you're alright. It's for both of our protection."+

I hesitated as his arms circled around my waist, his breath like a feather caressing my cheek. I pressed my hand to his chest, trying to stop myself from slipping into the comfort he provided. +

"I get your point, Haden, but..." +

Wordlessly, his fingers slipped underneath my jacket, then my blouse, grazing against my lower back. The heat travelled everywhere he touched, a familiar fire igniting between us. +

"Haden," I breathed out.+

I couldn't stop him when his head dipped, settling in the crook of my neck and I jolted forward at the light touch of his lips against my shoulder.+

"Let me mark you," he whispered. "I can't bear the thought of not being connected to you, not anymore, not with everything going on. No matter what, I'll protect you with everything I have, but marking you would make it easier."+

My hesitation held firm, slowly shattering by the trail of kisses he left. Damn, he was so good at that. I could feel the warmth radiating off his body, and I couldn't help but want to get closer to the fire. His lips moved tauntingly, temptingly, and my vision hazed in red. Burning red. A cloak of desire engulfed us, his touch blinding me and my wolf rejoiced at the proximity. The man was intoxicating, and I could feel myself relaxing in his arms. I didn't know when my hand snaked up to his hair until I felt my fingers tangled in it, instinctively pulling him closer.+

His teeth grazed my skin and I moaned, his arm tightening around me. But I couldn't let him mark me without him knowing all the facts. My past was going to come back to haunt me and I knew it. He deserved to know what he was getting into, and I had hoped it wouldn't change his view of me when I told him.+

"Haden, we should..." my protest trailed off, stuffing a moan that threatened to escape, but it was too late.

His teeth grazed my neck once more before sinking into my skin, marking me as his mate. Claiming me as his. The ecstasy that flooded through me was pure bliss, a fire caging us in and forging us together. I could feel everything; his emotions, his strengths, his weaknesses – him. I could feel him. The bond between us deepened in seconds, and in that moment, I knew that there would be no going back from this. 3

We would forever be linked. 7

+

27 - Ambushed At The Gates+

HADEN+

+

     The sensation was unlike anything I had ever experienced, an electrifying surge that set every nerve on fire. It was as if my entire body had been set on fire, a fiery current pulsating through every fibre of my being. My breathing altered and I couldn't control the groan of pleasure that left my lips.+

I found myself lost in this wave, caught between the realms of ecstasy and the unknown, and I didn't want to resurface. We were playing with fire, engulfed in it, buried in it, and we didn't want to let go. My arms tightened around her waist as my canines dug deeper into the crook of her neck, both of us not willing to lose the connection. A bond deeper than blood was forming between us, a bridge so strong that the fires of hell couldn't burn down, and I knew then that there was nothing I wouldn't do for her. She was a part of the pack, their Luna, but she was mine. Her fingers curled in my hair and a growl of approval rumbled in my chest, simply basking in the feeling of desire that sizzled through me.+

Rectuctantly, my teeth unhinged from her neck, licking the faint wound with my tongue and leaving a trail of kisses from her shoulder to her cheek, pausing when I got to her lips. I lingered there for a second, brushing my lips against hers before I pulled back and looked at her with a smirk.+

"Mine," I growled softly, pulling her closer to me. 5

She rolled her eyes before she said, "I am not some form of property for you to claim, Mr. Pierce." 3

My smirk widened at the sound of that. "Oh, I kind of like that. Say it again."+

She breathed a chuckle and shook her head, pushing me away but I didn't budge. Our eyes locked, the air around us suffocating with lust. Unable to resist the magnetic pull, our lips crashed together in a fight for dominance. This kiss was different. It was as if I could feel everything she felt; the passion, the need, the desire. +

She wasn't just some rogue anymore, she was my mate, and my wolf was ecstatic at the connection between us. I couldn't help the satisfying moment of peace I felt, ignoring all the bullshit from my past and just focusing on one thing. This moment. In this moment, the Rogue King didn't exist. In this moment, I wasn't called upon to be Alpha at seventeen. +

In this moment, only she existed, and nothing else mattered. +

I pushed her forward, not willing to pull my lips away from hers until we hit the wall behind her. My ears picked up on her faint moan and the scent of her desire was driving me insane. My hands slipped under her T-shirt and caressed her skin, cupping her breasts and relishing in the sounds of her moans getting louder. I was about to rip the shirt to shreds when my office door busted open.4

"Haden, we – woah," James' voice pulled us apart and I cursed at the interruption as he continued, "Getting pretty cozy in here, aren't we?"10

"Something we can help you with?" I snapped pulling my hands away from her.+

"It's Redwoods," he said, looking directly at me, and we shared a look, "Bryon and his pack are under attack from the Rogue King."5

Reality came crashing down like a tidal wave. My words got caught in my throat and I backed away from Zara and leaned against my desk, my mind racing as I processed the news. Thoughts of the recent altercation with Bryon flashed through my mind, and I felt a pang of regret followed by a slight panic. The Rogue King wouldn't stop until the Redwood territory was his for the taking, and they shared the Eastern borders with us. Whatever happened between us seemed insignificant when we were both against the same enemy.+

"Who told you?" I voiced, my head still hung low.+

"Bryon's Gamma, Hunter, just called us because Bryon was too stubborn to call," he shot Haden a pointed look at the last bit.3

"He should have been able to call me," I muttered.+

"Why couldn't he?" Zara asked.+

At the question, I sighed and spun around, my eyes meeting hers. "When you were gone, I... my wolf went insane and your scent led straight to his pack so it was only natural to..."+

I watched as she pieced the information together. "You attacked him?"1

"It was the only lead I had to get to you," I tried to justify, then my gaze shifted to James, "but he shouldn't feel like he can't call for help. He's still an ally, and we'll have a chat about that once this mess is sorted out. No matter what happened, we show up for allies to this pack. Gather up some men and meet me at the Eastern border, we leave in ten minutes."1

James nodded and rushed out the door and I walked over to the phone on my desk.+

"What are you doing?" I heard Zara ask.+

This time, I threw a smirk at her. "Calling in some more reinforcements. The Rogue King will die today."4

     We were sprinting towards the Redwoods territory, ready to help Bryon's pack in their time of need. We were determined to take down the Rogue King once and for all. He underestimated our forces when he attacked Brightwood last week but he won't again. He would've known we were coming in strong, would have anticipated it, but he would be more prepared for the defence. But all his preparations didn't matter to me.+

He would meet his end today.+

And yet, my thoughts were tainted by the mere fact that Bryon couldn't even call me for help because of my actions. Regret flooded through me. He was one of my closest friends and I destroyed our alliance when I accused him of kidnapping my mate. Our relationship would need to be repaired, no doubt about that, but it was my job to make sure there was a relationship to go back to. I would fight for him no matter the cost.1

Upon reaching the borders of Bryon's pack, tension hung thick in the air as the wolves guarding their borders eyed me with caution. They clearly remembered the confrontation between their Alpha and me, and they didn't trust us coming to help – didn't trust me.+

"Alpha Haden," one of the guards who hadn't shifted came forward.+

Shifting, I made a move towards the wolves, glaring down at them when I heard growls rumbling in their chest. +

"Watch it wolves, I'm still an Alpha," I warned them before turning to the guard, "Listen, we're here to offer our assistance. We know the Rogue King is here and we both know the pack could use all the help it could get."+

The guard looked beyond me and the large pack of wolves ready to fight before he looked back at me. +

"We were told to not let you in since your fight with our Alpha," he said shifting on his feet nervously. "Besides, for all we know, you could be working with the Rogue King."5

"Working with... what the fuck did you just say to me, pup?" I snarled, marching forward and I watched him cower in fear at the anger in my eyes. How dare he think I was connected with that bastard.+

"Easy," I heard James say, resting a hand on my shoulder and stepping forward to talk to the guard. "Okay, we know things didn't exactly end on good terms the last time Alpha Haden was here, but your Beta called us specifically to help. If you don't want our help, we can leave, only that would mean the entire pack would go down in flames – yourselves included – once the Rogue King is done. Just mindlink Hunter or Bryon and we'll settle this right now."+

The guard stared at him for a few seconds longer, trying to digest his words, before his gaze turned to me and he cowered under the harsh glare. At James' words, he nodded and I saw his eyes glaze over as he mindlinked quickly. +

"Beta Hunter confirms your story and grants you access," the guard informed apologetically, and the wolves stepped aside as they cleared for us to proceed. A growl escaped me as I shifted again, pushing through the territory and following the sound of chaos.2

The ensuing battle unfolded with a ferocity that echoed through the evening skies. The air crackled with tension as the clash of wolves reverberated, a symphony of growls, snarls, and the occasional yelp cutting through the charged atmosphere. The wolves that flanked me, loyal to our cause, dispersed seamlessly, each engaging in their individual skirmishes, determined to emerge victorious.+

It wasn't just a physical clash; it was a test of strength, determination, and resilience – most importantly, it was a test of my friendship with Bryon and I wasn't going to let anything happen to him or his pack. In the heat of the moment, there was no room for hesitation, only a raw, instinctive drive to overcome the opposition.1

A rogue dared to approach me, his eyes filled with a mix of aggression and determination. Without hesitation, I lunged at him, my jaws snapping shut around his throat and twisting harshly. The impact was swift, and the scent of fresh blood filled the air as I ripped through the fur. The taste of victory lingered in the metallic tang of blood, a reminder that in the midst of chaos, survival required not just strength but strategic brutality.1

Around us, the battlefield pulsed as wolves advanced toward each other in a dance of dominance, muscles strained and fur matted with dirt and blood. The crescent moon casted a soft glow on the scene as the evening shifted to night, turning the battleground into a surreal canvas of shadows and gleaming eyes. I couldn't help but notice that the rogues were fewer in numbers than at the last battle at Brightwood, unlike what I predicted on the way here. +

Was that intentional?4

The more I fought, the more the smooth rhythm of combat intensified through me. Each movement I made was a calculated response, not clouded with anger or revenge, a delicate balance between offence and defence. The sounds of the struggle became fewer and fewer as we trampled down on them, taking their lives one at a time.+

The cries of the few mulled out and the remaining rogues took their last breaths, each wolf overcoming the chaos, howling with pride as the fight for survival ended and the safety of their pack was restored. I saw a few rogues running away, noticing they were in fact beaten, but they didn't get far.+

The rogues were defeated, but the Rogue King was nowhere in sight.+

+

28 - The Smoke Settling+

HADEN+

+

     The aftermath of the battle left a mark on the Redwood territory, the red dust settling beneath the pile of dead rogues, death cloaking the air. With the strength of victory on our backs, I led my pack warriors to Bryon's pack house, the gravity of the situation still weighing heavily on our shoulders. The Rogue King might not have been here, but it didn't lessen the fact that he was still out there. We needed to come together so our packs could be aligned once again. The crescent moon hung low in the night sky, casting a silvery glow on the pack house as it came into view.3

Wounded men sat on the steps on the patio and when they saw us, they stood and guarded the pack house. +

"Stand down," a voice sounded from behind them and I watched as Hunter, the Gamma stepped forward. The bearded man stepped forward and shuffled down the steps to greet me.+

"We appreciate you coming," he said outstretching his hand. I shook it and nodded as he continued, "Bryon's downstairs questioning the rogues we did manage to capture."+

"Actually Bryon's right here," I heard him from the threshold. Bryon emerged, a figure marked by the aftermath of the battle. My eyes caught his, noticing him wiping the blood from his hands with a cloth as he stepped down the stairs and came to meet me. +

Our eyes locked, the air cracking with the residue of tension between us, an invisible forcefield that mirrored the recent clash of wolves on the battlefield. His gaze bore the weight of the recent events, both today and from our fight last week. The silence stretched between us, a canvas painted with unspoken words and shared experiences.+

In that charged moment, we stood as equals, leaders who had weathered the storm. The tension remained palpable, a lingering reminder of the struggles faced and the unspoken challenges that lay ahead.+

"Coming for a thank you, Pierce?" he asked bluntly.+

"That is the typical response for saving your ass," I pushed back.+

"We were doing just fine on our own," he insisted.+

"Oh yeah? Which side of the battlefield were you on? You weren't exactly walking in a field of rainbows and sunshine when we got here, Chambers,"+

"Oh, you think you're funny, do you?" +

"No, but they seem to," I smirked, nudging my head to the men trying not to laugh. He glanced behind him and the men shuffled on their feet and avoided his gaze. Looking back at me, he stared me down and when he realized the smirk wasn't going away, he rolled his eyes. +

"You're an asshole," he said but a smile came on his face and he outstretched his hand. I chuckled and grabbed his hand, embracing him in a hug before pulling back.+

"Water under the bridge?" I asked him and his brow raised.+

"After all that bullshit? No chance am I letting you off that easy," he shoved my shoulders. "I'm guessing you found her then?"+

I met his eyes for a second then looked towards the empty field. "Yes, she's back in my territory now. When I find the bastard who took her, I'll rip him apart limb from limb."+

"You'll have to tell me about it another time but for now, I'm about to..." he started but he trailed off when he saw a figure crossing the threshold. I glanced towards the front door and the shock that came over me left me speechless.1

"Natalia?" +

She glanced at me nervously before looking towards Bryon, and my brows furrowed in confusion at the look they shared with each other. 1

"What the hell are you doing here? What if we didn't get here in time and the Rogue King killed everyone? Are you insane!" I exclaimed, walking up the steps to look her in the eye. 3

"Well, I –" she stopped, looking wide-eyed at the man who stood beside me before she cleared her throat and looked at me. "Well, I came here to sort things out with Alpha Bryon here, but it looks like you already settled that. Allegiances are hard to come by and we have to keep them intact with all these attacks going on." 3

I glanced at Bryon and didn't miss the flicker of annoyance flash across his face, but he nodded with a smile and gripped my shoulder with his hand.1

"Yep, she was set on a mission today, your ex-girlfriend, and whether she wanted to or not, she still managed to solidify this alliance."+

Grunting at his statement, I stepped forward, gripping Natalia's forearm and pulling her out of the pack house. I couldn't believe she was here when this happened. If things had taken a turn for the worse, I didn't know what I would've done if I had lost both of them. Bryon and Natalia were two of the closest people I had and I wanted to keep the Rogue King as far away as I possibly could.+

"We're going back to Triton," I told Bryon over my shoulder, my eyes focused on the wolves in front of me. "Let's head back!" +

With that, we shifted and ran across the field with everyone following my lead. My wolf pushed me a little faster, excited at the return to Zara. +

+

     As the pack house came into view, I shifted and grabbed a pair of pants by the closest tree trunk then walked forward. I was pleasantly surprised to find Zara and Conner standing on the front porch looking up at the night sky. As the men behind me shouted out in victory, her focus shifted to the flood of warriors crossing the field before her eyes locked on mine. She walked forward, faltering in her step when her gaze lingered on Natalia, a mixture of curiosity and suspicion in her eyes. +

"Hey," I grabbed her attention, lacing my arms around her waist. +

"Was that Natalia?" she questioned and I nodded.+

"Yeah, she went over to see Bryon to try and settle my... confrontation with him – tried to restore the alliance between our packs."+

She hummed at my answer then gave me a once-over, feeling the worry through the mate bond. +

"Seems like you had it easy over there," she commented sarcastically.+

"What can I say? Your mate's a badass," I countered with a smirk. She rolled her eyes and pulled me towards the house and to my office.+

"What you are," she started and she sat me down on the couch, "is a pain in my ass. Now, I'm sure you have some sort of first aid kit in this fancy-looking office of yours."+

Narrowing my eyes at her, I said, "Yeah, underneath my desk."+

Once she retrieved it, she walked over to me and forced me to lie down. +

"Look, Zara, I have to address the men out there."+

"Yeah, and they'll get that after you get a little patched up," she retorted, "now sit still." +

Ignoring my protests, Zara started with the deep wounds on my left side. I gritted my teeth together at the harsh sting of alcohol before my body fully relaxed to her care. The scent of blood lingered in the air, a reminder of the battle we walked away from. +

"This is pretty... mately of you," I mumbled with a smirk.+

She threw a glare my way. "Don't make me hit you."+

+

29 - Truces and Torches+

ZARA+

+

     The soft glow of morning filtered through the windows, casting a warm ambiance in the kitchen. I sat across from Natalia, scuffing down the pancakes made by the elderly woman in the kitchen, with Natalia giggling at my behavior. 2

"You can slow down you know," she joked. "The pancakes aren't going anywhere."+

"You don't know that," I retorted.2

"Very true, my dear, the way these boys flock this kitchen in unseemly," the elderly woman chimed in, winking at me as she wiped her hands down on her apron and whisked herself away to another task. The morning conversation unfolded as the aroma of brewing coffee filled the air. The events of the previous night lingered in the background, overshadowed by the desire for normalcy.+

"So the attack on Redwood," I started.+

Natalia paused mid-bite, glancing at me before she continued chewing. 4

"What about it?" she questioned.+

"It was all pretty terrible. I mean, Haden came back with deep wounds but everyone seemed to do pretty well for themselves," +

She nodded. "I'd like to think so. The attack was so unexpected! One minute I was in the living room chatting as if everything was normal and the next, I was being shuffled off in hiding because the pack was under attack."4

"Yeah, I'd be too stunned to function," I took another bite as I looked at her. She smiled tightly at me before reaching for another bite, her fork pausing by her lips when I asked my next question.+

"So what were you doing there?"+

"I'm sorry, what?"+

"What were you doing in Redwoods?" +

She put her fork down and reached for her orange juice, taking a sip before she answered me. "Oh, I was... meeting with Alpha Bryon to discuss reinstating the allegiance between us and them."4

I raised a brow at her.+

"And that included being in their territory at night?" +

Her eyes narrowed at me. +

"What exactly are you insinuating?" she snapped at me. +

I simply shrugged. "I'm only asking questions, Natalia. It's just a little odd is all. I feel like I'm not seeing the entire picture."+

She opened her mouth but snapped it shut again, brushing a blonde strand of hair out of her face. She sighed and continued eating and a few minutes passed before she spoke again.+

"The Redwood Pack has been an ally to us for decades, and Haden and Bryon had been friends for ages. It wasn't right for them to end their alliance because of a misunderstanding. That's all there is to the picture."+

I hummed in response and finished up the pancakes before me then chugged the orange juice down.+

"What about you though?" she asked.+

"Me?" I glanced at her.+

"Well, I can see that fresh new mark on your neck," she continued with a grin. "Come on, spill!"1

I rolled my eyes at her antics and when she playfully pushed my shoulder, I said, "Alright, alright! So he marked me."+

"Details! What did it feel like? How do you –"+

"Natalia, relax," I stopped her, "Fine, the feeling was... unimaginable. I didn't know I could feel like that. It's like we were being linked in every way possible, like our souls were being intertwined. The bite was painful at first then it was just... pure ecstasy."+

The more I talked about it, the more my vision dazed and I was right back there – right in his arms being marked all over again. A flood of memories surged within me, the raw energy of the marking igniting a fire between us. I could feel his breath on my lips, his lips on my skin, his being connecting with mine. The moment was indescribable. Whatever the hell it was, it sure made leaving ten times harder – the pain, the pleasure, and the profound connection that now bound us together wasn't going anywhere.+

"That sounds amazing," Natalia wistfully said, pulling me away from my thoughts. +

"Yeah, well," I drank the rest of the orange juice, a feeble attempt to get myself together, "it was something."+

"That's all I want really, to feel something like that. To have that connection with someone and feel nothing but pure bliss. To stand in a room and want nothing but them."5

I turned to look at her, seeing her staring off into the distance with a sense of longing written all over her face. From our previous talks, I knew she wanted to find someone that was hers – her mate. 2

"Ugh, I bet you're excited to complete the mating bond. That's where the real connection is – you won't be able to keep your hands off Haden then," she grinned mischievously. +

"What?"+

"You know... the mating bond," she tried, giving me a pointed look, "the mating bond."+

"So there's more to it than the mark?" I asked, dropping the glass and turning to look at her. +

"Of course there is! Oh, come on, don't tell me you..." she trailed off, seeing my questioning look then squirmed in her seat as she asked, "you know what the mating bond is right?"+

Shrugging, I said, "We don't particularly make a big fus about mates as rogues. Maybe a third of rogues become rogues because their mates reject them. I wasn't particularly interested in the process growing up."1

"Well, yeah rejection can happen, but it isn't the rule, it's the exception. Mating is such a beautiful stage – it's where you fully connect with the one you're meant to spend the rest of your life with. Nothing else will be able to compare. In that moment, you'll only think of them – wanting to please them, losing yourself in what they're doing so that you –"+

"Wait, you're talking about sex?"2

She flushed at my bluntness.+

"It's not just sex, Zara!" she exclaimed, "it's about being with someone and knowing that the person on the other side was made to be whatever you need. Oh, I can just picture it –"+

"Please tell me you're not picturing me and Haden," +

"What? No! I was speaking in general. Picture the person you're meant to be with knowing everything about you, being able to please you in every way that no one else can."+

I chuckled softly. "It's just sex, Natalia."+

She huffed and crossed her arms. "Well, wait till you have it. You'll do more than just beg Haden to continue, because he'll be able to please you and then some."+

"We don't make a big fuss about sex in the rogue world. We're outcasts and, of course, we all have sexual needs. It's a part of nature. Relationships were a bit more... flexible to rogues and because we were all running from something, it meant that everyone knew that they had limited time. Most rogues are non-commital and they don't care to tie themselves down to one wolf."+

+

30 - Nightshade+

HADEN+

+

     I stepped out of the office, feeling the anger release its grasp on me, replaced by pride. She was mine and no one else was going to give her the pleasure that I could. No matter what her past was, it wasn't going to ever compare to her present and her future – I would make sure of that. 3

The crisp air of the early morning greeted me as I strolled out of the pack house, getting back to the task at hand. Before I heard Zara's little conversation with Natalia, my focus was to get an update on the wolves' training and patrol routines. 1

As I closed in on the training compound, my arms tucked behind my back and my eyes honing in on the men in battle. The sounds of training bounced against my ears as I stood on the sidelines, Conner leading the charge with focus, the morning sun in the background as he engaged with the wolves.+

His expertise in handling the pack's formidable companions was evident, each command met with a synchronized response from the wolves. It was a dance of dominance and submission, a delicate balance that mirrored the intricate dynamics within our pack.+

He was my Gamma for a reason.+

As the training session reached its conclusion, Conner approached me, the subtle tension of responsibility etched into the lines of his face. +

"They're getting there," he initiated, his gaze also looking at the men hard at work. +

"Indeed they are," I agreed, "they still have a lot of work to do to go up against the Rogue King's men."+

"They'll be ready," he promised. +

I nodded. "The patrol runs need to be more consistent as well. I don't want any rogues slipping through the cracks."+

"Already done. Oh, don't forget about that Alphas meeting," he added as he glanced at me. +

"Yeah, I remember," I answered, "things should be smoother now that we settled the... differences between myself and Bryon."+

"We or you?" he pointed out with a smirk. +

I deadpanned.+

"Point is, there should be no awkwardness for anyone. The recent attacks actually help us understand how powerful the Rogue Kind has gotten."+

Amidst our conversation, a subtle shift in the air caught my attention. I turned, sensing the familiar presence of my mate. Zara stood alongside Natalia, their proximity highlighting a newfound closeness that left a trace of concern lingering in the recesses of my mind. I couldn't possibly imagine how close they would have gotten, but I was grateful for it. There was no awkwardness between them and I knew Natalia was making every effort to make things work. +

My focus didn't return to Conner until they disappeared from view, and I didn't miss the smirk on his face. +

"Don't look at me like that," 1

"What ever do you mean, Alpha?" he questioned, his smirk widening. When I rolled my eyes, he chuckled and added, "How are things going between you anyway?"+

At that, I frowned and turned my gaze back to the men walking away from the field, training done for the morning. +

"She slept with someone," I muttered, "I walked into the kitchen and heard her tell Natalia that before she came here, she slept with someone else."+

"So?" Conner asked, making my gaze flash to his. +

"What do you mean so?" I growled at him, "She's mine. She should only belong to me."+

"Yes, and she does belong to you," he coaxed, sensing my anger, "but at the same time she had a life before she stumbled on this land – on this lifestyle. Haden, the way of rogues – their entire lifestyle – is very different from ours. They value freedom and non-commitment in every sense. It doesn't surprise me that she gave into that freedom when it came to sex."5

His logic made sense and their sense of freedom – their need to want nothing to do with order and stability – was on the long list of reasons why I hated their kind. +

"Rogues live by a different set of rules," Conner remarked, his gaze steady. "We may not understand them but they exist nonetheless. With Zara's background, I don't think she knew another lifestyle before she was a rogue."+

"I don't know, she mentioned that her parents were killed when she was young. She didn't mention anything about being a part of a pack, just that she remembers the face of the man who killed them," +

"See, there you go. So for all you know, she's been a rogue her entire life and this is all new to her. Don't get hung up on the fact that she had a life before she met you. Trust the connection you have with her and go from there. It's stronger than you think."+

"You know," I breathed out, "you're a pain in the ass when you're right."+

He threw his head back in laughter. +

"Just your friendly neighbourhood therapist. I'll send you the bill," he joked, slapping his hand on my shoulder. I opened my mouth to respond but an alert sounded through the mind-link. 2

Alpha, we have a problem here in the cells, a voice came through.+

What sort of problem? I asked, glancing at Conner and nudging him forward. As we quickly walked to the house and made our way to the basement, my eyes scanned the space, noting the empty post where the guards would be and the open doorway leading to the cells. +

My brows furrowed in confusion as I stepped through the threshold, meeting the guards who were rushing back out. +

"What's going on in here?"+

"Apha, we tried to explain to him why we can't let them out but he's insisting," the guard explained.1

"What are you talking about? Him who? And can't let out who?" I snapped, but he shrank visibly under my intense gaze. +

"Th-The rogues, sir. H-He wants us to let them out. He said the Luna ordered them to be released," he stuttered.+

Zara?+

Bypassing the guard, I crossed the threshold and turned the corner finally seeing the man behind this all. I should have fucking known. +

"Is there a reason you're here? Or do you just want to be behind the bars of these cells that bad?" I growled out. +

Luca stared at me expressionless but his stance changed as if prepared for a fight. The two men behind him didn't say anything, they didn't have to. Their glares said enough. +

"You're going to release these men and women and you're going to do it now," he simply said, making my wolf stir at the finality in his tone. +

"Last time I checked, I was the Alpha of this pack, not you."2

Unbothered, he stepped forward and I growled at the challenge, fists clenched and my eyes never leaving his. +

"What kind of Alpha puts women in chains? Is that the kind of man my sister is mated to? Maybe I should take her with me," he continued.+

"You'll want to be very careful, rogue," I sneered at him, feeling the fire erupt within me. He dared to threaten me? The only reason he and his men were still breathing was because of Zara. He had caused enough trouble and the last thing I was going to do was take orders from the likes of him. +

+

31 - Approaching New Flames+

ZARA+

+

     The air held a palpable tension as we all observed my brother frozen by the sight of the two women, everyone standing completely still. Out of the corner of my eyes, men circled us, a precautionary measure I'm sure Haden called on. I felt helpless, but I knew I wouldn't let anything happen to him – not when I just got him back. +

My throat tightened up as I watched Haden move closer, moving stealthily towards the women and keeping his eyes trained on Luca. I made a move of my own but as I stepped forward, a hand grabbed my forearm stopping me in my tracks. Quickly glancing around, I narrowed my eyes at James who simply winked at me. +

A low growl made me look at the situation at hand, anxiously watching as Haden placed himself in front of Maya. Nothing happened until he sidestepped, blocking Rebecca from Luca's view.+

Well, this is interesting.+

The low growl that may have been missed by the few of us standing around Luca definitely heard the ferocious growl that sounded when Haden stepped in front of Rebecca. A deep, guttural growl erupted from Luca, and relief washed over Haden's expression.+

"Oh, thank God," Haden muttered under his breath.7

I raised a brow at his reaction, wondering what on Earth he could be grateful for but then I watched Luca transform to his human form.+

"Luca, what's..." I was about to ask then I trailed off, noticing his gaze wasn't leaving Rebecca's. It was as if an unspoken connection existed between them, transcending the chaotic circumstances around us. The next words that entered the space would seal both their fates.+

"Mine," 4

A grin came to my lips at the declaration and the shock on Rebecca's face. Unable to control the overwhelming surge of happiness, I sprinted forward and squeaked as I enveloped her in a tight hug. 2

"Oh my gosh!" I exclaimed, pulling back to meet her gaze, "we're going to be sisters officially!"+

"Wait, I..." she trailed off, her eyes glancing behind me. A flicker of uncertainty crossed her expression, and I turned to follow her gaze. There, standing a few feet away, was Luca, his presence casting a shadow over us. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw Haden take Maya to the men surrounding us before he promptly dismissed them and turn to us, his eyes immediately latching on to me and a frown finding his lips.3

"How about you introduce me to your friend, Zee?" Luca said, bringing me back to the pair, his voice steady but tinged with a hint of curiosity.2

Smirking, I stepped away from Rebecca and said, "Rebecca, this is my brother Luca. Luca, this is Rebecca."+

Luca smirked as he extended his hand. "Pleasure to meet you."+

Rebecca opened her mouth and then snapped it shut again, her eyes darting between Luca and me. "I thought your brother died when you were younger."+

I clung to her waist, smiling weakly before looking at Luca. +

"We... reconnected a few days ago actually. I thought he died when the attack happened but he didn't. I was shocked, to say the least, but it feels so good to have him back."+

Luca smirked at me. "You too, Zee." +

Tingles erupted from my neck and I felt Haden's presence behind me, his hand on my neck giving me a comforting squeeze.1

"So you're not only a pain in my ass, but you're trigger-happy rogue too. Perfect," he said and I gaped, elbowing him in his stomach. Luca rolled his eyes at the comment, turning to face Haden.+

"There's nothing you could say to me that could ruin my mood right now, Alpha," Luca shrugged, glancing at Rebecca with a small smirk, "Today's a good day."+

"Yeah, you're lucky I'm in a good mood instead of killing you for trying to launch a rogue uproar and attempt to attack me and my mate," Haden retorted.+

"Okay enough, jeez," I interjected, putting my hand up when I saw Luca ready to respond. "Both of you need to make nice."+

"He started it," Luca childishly rebutted making me roll my eyes. +

To my right, I heard James cough loudly and when everyone looked at him, he extended a pair of shorts to Luca. "You may want to put these on."1

+

            My eyes took in the vast stretch of land as my feet hit the ground, and Rebecca gracefully slid across the car seat, following my lead. The property was far more expansive than I had initially imagined. Three houses dotted the landscape, bearing faint burnt marks on their roofs and walls – a silent testament to a past attack that, against the odds, had not broken the resilience of this place. A symbol of survival.+

"This is it, Zee," my brother's voice came from behind me.+

I turned to face him, noting the contentment in his eyes. "And you like it here, right? You're settling in alright? There isn't anything that you're missing?"+

Luca offered a casual shrug. "We could do without the constant watch from your Alpha's lapdogs, but it'll do for now."+

"And by lapdogs, I'm sure you mean trained wolves who would be willing to help you should this land be attacked," Haden interjected, joining us at my side.2

"I'm pretty sure that's what I said," Luca responded cheekily before extending an arm to Rebecca, his voice going down to a whisper. "Why don't we take a look inside? I'll show you and my sister around the place."+

As we entered the residence, it became evident that the interior required a bit of work. Dust-covered furniture was still draped under white sheets, and the air still held a musty scent. Sunlight filtered through the curtains, casting a soft glow on the worn but sturdy structure. There was subtle movement in the adjoining room but Luca's voice pulled be to him. +

Luca, undeterred by the state of disarray, shifted the white sheets and flopped down in the armchair. Rebecca squealed as Luca pulled her with him. "It's got potential," he remarked, a spark of enthusiasm in his eyes. "Just needs a bit of TLC, and it'll be good as new."+

I nodded in agreement, eyes scanning the room with curiosity. "Yeah, you're right. With the right touch, things will fall into place."+

Luca grinned, already envisioning the possibilities. "We'll make it work. Plus, rebuilding is a part of the process, isn't it?"+

"As long as you do all that within the confines of this land," Haden stated. I spun around to glare harshly at him but he simply shrugged and crossed his arms around his chest. "What? I gave them this land, isn't that playing nice enough?"+

"No," I snapped. +

"You should know that rogues don't exactly enjoy being caged in," Luca said.+

"And Alphas don't like rogues so I guess this isn't exactly a win-win situation," Haden responded.2

"You're not on our list of favorites either, Pierce," another voice sneered, and I glanced towards the kitchen where a woman with gorgeous red hair was leaning against the threshold.+

32 - The Burn of Two Alphas+

HADEN+

     Two Alphas.+

The shock that radiated through me at the truth of Zara's parents overcame everything else. Both alphas. It wasn't unheard of but it was extremely rare, and it hadn't happened for decades. Glancing at my mate, I saw her expression duplicate my own, taking her own time to process the news. 1

"Alphas in in two?" she questioned. 1

Luca nodded, sensing the need to shed light on the darkness. +

"Dad was an Alpha in his own right, leading the White Willows long before he found Mom. Mom, well, she had no choice but to be the Alpha of her pack given she was the eldest of three sisters. Her father, our grandfather, desperately wanted a boy but after the youngest girl was born he had to face the fact that the pack would pass down to our mother. He trained her to be the Alpha, but not in the way that he should've. He was... lighter with her, thinking that she couldn't handle the training like a man would."5

"Well, that's very sexist of him," Rebecca said with a frown and I saw Zara nod in agreement. 1

"We didn't get to meet him much, just some birthdays as a baby, and from the stories I heard he wasn't too happy with the union of both packs when Dad met Mom," Luca continued. +

"So the powers of both Alphas..." I said, trailing off as my eyes darted between them both. +

"Runs through us," Luca finished, looking directly at Zara.3

No words came to mind, but a newfound sense of pride washed over me as I looked at the woman who I called my mate. She was a rarity; the true definition of power untapped. 2

Everything I thought about her before, everything that clouded my judgement of her, simply faded away. She was everything the pack needed –  everything I needed –  and I was a fool to not see it before. 10

Rogue was a strong word and she was far from it, but she didn't deserve the childhood she had. She didn't deserve the lifestyle of a rogue when she was far from it, and I would make sure she never had to live like that ever again. 2

"You're an Alpha by blood, Zee," Luca continued to explain, his tone a mix of solemnity and pride. "Mom and Dad were forces to reckon with but they weren't as strong apart. They were never pure Alphas –  at least, that's what the pack leaders told me when I found refuge in their lands. They were curious about me and told me all about our parents. It's why you're so strong and heal so fast."2

"I... I had no idea," she breathed out. "I mean, I knew I could feel fast and my wolf was larger than the average wolf, but I didn't think anything of it. I just thought I was lucky or that my past made me stronger and more susceptible to injuries. It never crossed my mind to think about... about Mom and Dad."+

Holding her gaze, Luca continued, "You've got the blood of two alphas running through your veins. It makes you exceptional, Zee. You're stronger than you think."2

Pride swelled within me as I observed Zara absorbing this newfound knowledge. She was a force of nature, and the revelation only added to the layers of the remarkable woman standing before me.+

"You're strong in every way possible," I murmured, my voice filled with admiration. "And I couldn't be prouder to have you as my mate."+

I made sure she saw the pride in my eyes, and the desire too. She was working up to be everything –  my everything. She was fierce, fiery, and fatal –  three dangerous combinations –  but she was mine. 2

Just as the weight of the moment began to settle, the front door creaked open, and the room filled with the chatter of the returning group. +

"Luca, you didn't tell us you were having a party," one of the men said, his eyes scanning the new faces in the room. +

"Unplanned guests," I heard the woman, Ana, say as she inspected her nails. +

"And the Almighty Alpha," another sounded, smirking at me when I narrowed my eyes at him. +

"Hey, play nice," Zara said as she glared at the men, who raised their hands in surrender and chuckled. +

"How many rogues do you have here?" I directed to Luca, eyes drifting from the five new faces that came through the door then finally landing on Luca.+

"I don't see how that's any of your business," he huffed. +

With a brow raised, I said, "I'd think you being given lands to live on would make it my business."+

"Okay okay," Zara sighed exasperated, glaring at us both, "Luca I don't think I met your friends either. Why don't you do a big introduction and save us all the trouble of an Alpha spat."+

"He's not exactly an Alpha, princess," I was quick to point out but zipped my lips at her harsh glare. +

"Well, you've already had the pleasure of meeting Anastasia, or Ana for short. Next to her are Sean and Oshane, who joined me after years in solitude. Sean's one hell of a fighter, would put your men to shame, Almighty Alpha," Luca added with a smirk, making me scoff loudly. +

At my lack of response, he continued, "About a year or so ago, Oshane met Angela, his mate who's standing next to him. We kind of attacked her pack –  for good reason –  and once they found out they were mates, she ran away with us."+

The pair seemed cozy, both giving each other knowing smiles as they walked down memory lane. +

"So wait, you gave up your pack to be on the run, to be a rogue forever?" I couldn't help but ask, my eyes searching Angela's. +

She simply shrugged. +

"You must understand Alpha. I was sad to leave my pack, no doubt, but they didn't want to accept Shane into the pack because of the fact that he was a rogue. I felt that he shouldn't have been judged simply by the fact that he was a rogue so I chose to run away with him. I had no ties to the pack, my parents were already dead and I was an only child, so I was looking for any source of happiness," she looked at the man beside her with a soft smile on her lips, "I wouldn't go back and change a thing, even if I could. Surely, as a mated couple, you can relate to the security in having someone by your side who will love you unconditionally."+

I felt the heat travel through, words lost in my throat as I held her gaze for quite a second longer before glancing to my right at Zara. Before Zara came into my life, I adapted to my planned life, but nothing felt... complete. I denied the connection between us before but her kidnapping changed everything. 1

She belonged with me, and there was truly security in knowing that she was mine and mine alone.+

"Then there's Megan and Max," Luca continued his introductions, "they're a bit newer to our little dynamic, but they're good people. And speaking of new additions," Luca added, stepping back and smirking at Rebecca. "Everyone, this is Rebecca, my mate."+

As the rogues played nice with themselves, I looked at Zara still dumbfounded at her true capabilities. As the Alpha of the largest pack in the Americas, having a strong Luna by my side was crucial for our survival. 4

My expression blanked as my thoughts drifted to her family, however, wondering what could be left of it and the White Willows. The name didn't sound familiar but I swore to mention it to Abigale so she could do some research into it. There had to be something and who knows, it could be another clue to capturing and killing The Rogue King.+

+

33 - Trigger Warning+

HADEN+

+

     The atmosphere was charged with tension as we gathered in my office, purposely ignoring Zara's gaze as I took my place in my chair. +

"Why don't you see that it makes sense," Zara argued, her voice unwavering. "They need a leader, and Luca's got the experience."+

"He's got experience being a rogue, Zara," I countered, matching her tone. "They've all been on the run, branded rogues for life and if they all decided to follow Luca then kudos to them but being an alpha is a huge responsibility. You can't just pick up on a whim."+

The room buzzed with the weight of our conflicting perspectives and I could feel another argument coming. I would never understand why wolves would choose the life of a rogue when pack life was so rewarding. 3

"Well he isn't just picking it up on a whim, he's an Alpha by blood," she argued. +

"Having parents who were Alphas isn't all there is to it," I deadpanned at her.+

Zara, quick to object, had her hands on her hips as she glared at me. "My parents were both Alphas, so it makes him more than capable."4

I sighed, resisting the urge to roll my eyes given the sensitive topic of her parents. "Your capabilities are impressive, princess, and that's no doubt to your parents. It's not every day you find someone with the blood of two Alphas running through their veins. Still, there's more to this job than simply just having blood in your body."+

"Don't be a douche about it, Haden," she replied, a hint of irritation in her tone.6

"I'm just stating the truth," I said defensively, leaning back in my chair to look at her.+

Zara rolled her eyes. +

"You want to know what's the truth? Luca has been through hell and back, just like me. We've clawed our way through the depths and made the most of a tragic situation. That on its own builds character. Our survival instincts are top notch and because of that, we make excellent leaders. People banded to him naturally because that's just who he is – he's a natural-born leader. He's strong and I can bet anything that he would fight for the people he loves. That's what an Alpha's supposed to do, right? Or are you Alphas all a bunch of narcissistic assholes?" she rushed out, her breathing uneasy as she glared at me.5

The room fell into a smooth silence as I stared at her, listening to her every word and seeing the conviction in her words. I realized all she was saying about her brother was true for herself too. I could see her being the Luna of this pack with ease, leading with me and protecting this pack at all costs. +

"It's funny how much of a perfect Luna you would be," I whispered, smirking at her.+

Her eyes narrowed. "That isn't what we're talking about, Haden."+

"I mean it," I insisted. "You have the strength and the compassion. You'd be a great Luna."+

Her response was swift. "You're only saying that now because you know about my lineage. I don't need pity, Haden."2

"Pity!" I shouted as I sprung from my chair. "I've always thought that you would make an amazing Luna, your parents have nothing to do with it. Does it help to know that you have the blood of two Alphas running through you? Of course, it adds to the... appeal, but it's not the deciding factor."4

"Oh yeah? Where was all that energy before you found this out? Why didn't you ask me before?" she snapped.5

"Being the mate of an Alpha, it's implied that you're the Luna Zara. I'm not sure how much you would know, with you being a rogue before and all, but that's pretty much common knowledge."+

"Don't condescend me, you asshole!" she screamed.8

I growled at her, tensions escalating between us both, and as I was about to respond, Conner barged into the room, his expression urgent.+

"We have a problem," he announced, his voice grave. "Another pack has been eliminated."+

Zara huffed and took a step back from me, frustration etched across her face as she said. "Handle your business, Big Bad Alpha, I'm sure I'll figure out how to put one foot before the other as I make my way to the living room."4

"Zara –"+

With one fleeting look, she stormed past Conner and out of the room. As the door slammed behind her, I clenched my fists as I glared at the closed door before my eyes latched on to Conner's.4

"What?" I growled.+

He shook his head at me, stringing out a sigh, before he said, "You handled that all wrong by the way, but we have bigger fish to fry than your mate problems." +

Then he handed me a tablet, showing me the destruction of the new pack. The urgency of the situation pulled me back to the harsh realities that plagued the werewolf world, overshadowing any internal conflicts that simmered with me and my stubborn mate. +

"What am I looking at?" I questioned, sliding images of wreckage across the screen. +

"The Rogue King managed to conquer another pack up North. The Bristol Bane Pack," he said then walked over to the table by the window with all the maps and paperwork with me in tow. I watched as he outlined the borders of the Bristol Bane pack.+

"Any word on survivors?" I inquired, my eyes fixed on the outlined map, feeling a huge weight on my shoulders after seeing the good portion of land that had been conquered by the Rogue King. +

"Nothing yet, but I've got ears on the ground," Conner said. "For now, we need to figure out an attack strategy for the Rogue King."+

Everyone in the office now, I mind-linked James, Abigale, and Natalia. Moments later, they strolled in and met us at the table, all looking down at the map.9

"Where's Zara? Shouldn't she be a part of this too?" Natalia asked, eyeing me.8

My jaw clenched. "I'll update her after this meeting. For now, let's focus on what's going on. Conner," I nudged my head at him as a gesture for him to begin, ignoring the judging stare from Natalia.9

"Okay, so there's been another attack on one of the Northern packs," he said as he pointed to the new outline on the map, tracing the territories claimed by the Rogue King. "The Bristol Bane pack is in ruins."+

We all looked at where the destroyed pack used to be, and I felt a twinge of anger staring at the full picture. The Rogue King was gaining too much ground here. The lands he's conquered were half the size of my pack and that was concerning. It means that his army was growing by the day and he was going to be harder to get rid of. +

"And the Saros pack still isn't one of the conquered?" James asked pointing to the Saros' land, voicing his suspicions, "It just makes it more likely for them to be working with the Rogue King."+

I nodded my head as I grabbed a chair and sat. "Totally agree, there must be a reason why the Rogue King isn't looking their way. He went through every pack surrounding their land and hasn't touched them." +

"If they're aligned, then that's something that we need to explore," James said, eyes meeting mine with the same level of curiosity. +

"Well, we can't just barge onto their lands," Natalia reasoned.+

"Exactly what Alex and Bryon said," I said as I nodded, "Abigale do you have something for us? What did you find out about the bracelet?"+

Abigale, delving into her research, said, "There's quite a bit that comes from the Helios bracelet, but I can confirm that there's a connection between the Rogue King and the rogues who attacked us. The woman who was wearing the bracelet was probably one of the 'followers' of the Rogue King. But there's more," she said, eyeing each of us. Conner pulled out a chair for her to sit and she smiled gratefully before she continued.+

+

34 - Frost That Kills The Flame+

ZARA+

+

      The icy glare I received from Haden when I barged into his office and interrupted his precious phone call didn't bother me. Not when I had one objective in mind. My eyes were pinned on the device on the desk, hearing Alex's voice through the speaker. +

"Well, if it isn't the lovely Zara," Alex, always the charmer, responded. "What can I do for you?"+

Haden gave a throaty growl which I chose to ignore, smiling at the phone.+

"There's a lot of things that you could do for me, but right now my mind is on one. Feeling a little mischievous?" I asked.+

"Oh, I'm always up for a little mischief," he played along, chuckling to himself. +

"Amazing," I exclaimed, looking pointedly at Haden as I continued, "I'm in a bit of a pickle here with your brother and my brother, Luca."+

"I wasn't aware you had a brother,"+

I sighed. "Long story, but he's an Alpha in his own right, and Haden so graciously gave him and his friends lands to reside on –"2

"A decision I'm regretting with every minute that passes," Haden murmured as he sunk in his chair and wiped a hand over his face.+

"The point is!" I glared at Haden, "The point is, Luca is an Alpha by blood and I'm being told that you're... well the family you're in now, they would give the official order on him being an Alpha."+

Alex cleared his throat. "Well, there's a bit of a process that goes into that and the final documents get handled by the Queen herself."1

My brows furrowed. 1

"Wouldn't that be a King type of thing to do?"+

Alex laughed. "Let's just say the Queen prefers to handle newly established herself. They still joke about that, but the King prefers to lose that battle. Happy wife, happy life, right Haden?"5

"Enough of this, you two," Haden scolded, glaring at me then at the phone. "Alex, I need you to look into something for me."+

As Haden updated Alex about Abigale's findings with the Rogue King, along with some mention of a 'Sun God', and I was about to walk away but Haden latched on to my wrist. We shared an intense look, one that didn't stop him from explaining himself and the situation at hand. Huffing at him, I sat on the edge of the desk as I listened to him voice his suspicion about some northern pack that they previously talked about and their possible alliance with the Rogue King. +

It didn't surprise me that a man like that had allies. He was a ghost, and if you were a rogue, you either hated him or looked up to him. The man was a monster. I wish I knew what pack they were talking about. After I fled from the tragic death of my parents, I found my place in one of those god-awful packs with a ruthless Alpha. It was the foundation for my loathing of all Alphas. It's also where I met Mason, so I guess there was some good in being raised in that pack. 4

"Thanks, bro. Keep me posted," Haden concluded before squeezing my hand to grab my attention. His eyes, intense and focused, met mine as he rubbed his chin.+

"My mate," he uttered, the weight of his gaze drawing me in, making it clear that our previous discussion was far from over. "So stubborn, so naive."3

"Excuse me?" I asked in disbelief, pulling my hand away from his. +

"We're practically in a war and you're concerned about whether your rogue of a brother has a title or not?" he retorted, shaking his head as he leaned back to stare at me coldly. 6

"Oh no, don't you dare twist this into something that it isn't! I'm not the one who's afraid of that rogue and his rogue friends," I said, leaning off the desk. 1

He scoffed and jumped out of his chair.+

"Afraid?! Your rogue of a brother wouldn't know the first thing about leading a pack. I gave him lands out of sympathy, more of a gift to you really, but the last thing I'm allowing is for him to be an Alpha."1

I folded my arms. +

"Well it's a good thing you're not the one allowing it then, isn't it?" I snapped back. "God, you're so fucking frustrating! Can't you see that this is best for them as a whole? If Luca is made an Alpha then this whole business of him being a rogue will be out the window. Isn't that something that you would be bouncing off the walls about?"+

"I'm not having some rogue Alpha I know nothing about live in my backyard, Zara. Not to mention the fact that this is on the very bottom of a list of things that we currently have to deal with – number one being the Rogue King," he argued. 1

I rolled my eyes. "Rogue King this, Rogue King that. It's like you're feeding into his plan. If he was –"5

"Feeding into his plans?" he interrupted, eyes dazed with fury. "How the fuck do you figure? What I'm doing is protecting this pack, and that's something that you haven't quite grasped yet. The survival of this pack is everything to me and how do you think it's going to look to the rest of the pack when a rogue suddenly becomes an Alpha and they live right next door?"3

"It shows that rogues are more than just rogues," I said firmly. I thought we had gotten past this whole rogue issue already but clearly not. +

The room felt charged with unspoken tension, neither of us wanting to back down. No matter what I said, he would shoot it down and ignore the fact that Luca has the full potential of being an Alpha. 1

"What do you have against him? Why do you hate my brother so much?" I asked incredulously. +

"Why do you need him to be an Alpha so badly? Are we too boring for you here? Do you want to replace this pack that badly? Or is there one of the men there that you're fantasizing about? Is he all you ever dreamed?" he rhetorically asked, his words dripping with sarcasm. 5

Growling, I launched my arm at him with the full intent to slap him across the face but then he grabbed my wrist right before it connected with his left cheek.6

We both stared, the anger simmering between us but there was something else; there was always something else when it came to this man. The tingles that were once small shocks had turned into sharp lightning bolts, incinerating me on the spot. Through the mate bond, I felt his anger and frustration, wading through the insecurities until I got to the real source of this all. +

Like magnets, we both collided with each other and a groan escaped him when our lips met. He kissed me as if I was the last drop of water after walking miles in the Sahara desert. The anger, the need, the lust –  all released with one breathtaking kiss. 13

His arms circled me, pulling me closer to him and my fingers curled in his luscious hair. His hands were travelling fast, burning everywhere that they touched, making me want him more. +

I wanted him –  needed him. 2

My moan was blocked by his lips, his tongue tangling with me as we fought for dominance. He growled and in one swoop, he had me on his desk, my ears perking up to the sound of the items on his desk hitting the floor. +

He managed to slither his way between my legs, trapping me to the desk with both arms as a wall on either side of me. One hand left his hair to slide down his neck, relishing in the feeling of his shudder as my fingers trailed against the exposed section of his neck. Both his hands held me by the waist, pulling me impossibly closer to him and rubbing me against him.+

+

35 - Revelations That Burn+

HADEN+

+

      The night hung heavy with the weight of revelations as I paced in my office, running my hands through my hair in agitation. I didn't know what this would all mean and I sure as hell didn't know where to start. Zara sat at the table by the window, my T-shirt reaching her thighs, as we both waited for the others to swarm into the room. 1

My mind raced at the possibilities, knowing that Zara may just be the solution we need right now. She would have information from ages ago; she may have been the first one to even see the Rogue King. +

"Haden," +

I looked left, watching as the group slowly filtered in, their eyes taking in the state of the room. +

"You guys do know there's a bedroom upstairs, right?" James joked but neither Zara nor I cracked a smile. 2

"These late-night meets seem to be a common occurrence, Alpha," Conner voiced as he met my gaze, Abigale following behind him.+

"Everyone in, shut the door," was all I said. +

"Is... Is Zara okay?" Natalia asked and I sighed, glancing at my mate. 3

"Take a seat," I said, nudging my head towards the chairs then went to stand behind Zara. "There's been some... developments."+

"What kind of developments?" James asked, glancing between us both. +

Taking a moment to gather my thoughts, I announced, "Zara knows who the Rogue King is."+

A collective hush fell over the room as everyone turned their attention to Zara, who shifted under the heavy gazes. +

"What do you mean by 'know him'?" Conner asked. +

"It turns out that the Rogue King was the same man who killed her family and entire pack," I clarified and watched their eyes widen. +

"Zara," I softly said, hands finding themselves on her shoulders and rubbing them lightly, "you want to share?"+

She took a deep breath before beginning her story.+

"I didn't realize who... who it was until Haden connected the dots. We were both in here and I saw the sketch of the man on the floor. I would recognize his face anywhere," she leaned back into my touch and I felt my lips involuntarily tug upwards with pride that she could find comfort in me.+

"I was seven when I woke up to my house being engulfed in flames. After seeing this place, I guess it would have been the pack house. It was noisy and I remember that because my father liked a quiet, calm house so it was just out of order for there to be crying and screaming. I ran out of my room and saw panic; everyone was running around, trying to escape the flames, and if they weren't running they were fighting."4

"Men dressed in black were everywhere, but all I cared about was finding my parents. And I did – being held hostage deep in the woods. When I found them, they were both being held down and there was a knife pressed to my mother's throat," she continued, her shoulders slumping and her head going down. +

"I had to watch... I had to watch him slit her throat. She didn't stand a chance, no matter how much my father begged and pleaded. I cried out, a little girl seeing her mother wouldn't have any other reaction. Unfortunately, that cry gave away my hiding place."+

"Oh no," Natalia gasped, her hands covering her mouth.+

"Yeah, well my father did try to protect me. He fought and fought but in the end, he was lying in a pool of his own blood. From his dying breaths, he said 'You won't get what you want, Zachariah' and then he told me to run. I've never looked back since."+

"That's terrible! Oh, Zara, I'm so sorry you had to go through that," Abigale expressed.+

"He wanted my father's demise; I didn't see it then, but I can see it now," Zara said, rolling her shoulders and looking back up. "I'll never forget that sentence or the man's name. It was etched into my memory."+

"Zachariah," Conner breathed out, glancing at me. I stared at him pointedly, both of us understanding that this was another clue to finding the Rogue King.+

"I hunted him," Zara said, the sadness in her voice being replaced by a haunting edge, "Once I hit sixteen, I escaped from the pack that took me in and set out on my plan to find the man that ruined my life. He was a ghost – one that attacked then disappeared in a puff of smoke, leaving nothing behind. He'd give Casper a run for his money. Years on the run, I gave up trying to find the man and simply enjoyed the company of my newfound family."3

"You've had quite the life," James said admirably, and I watched everyone nod in agreement. +

"Honestly, not many people would have survived what you did," Abigale mentioned, a sympathetic smile finding her lips as she grabbed Zara's hands in her own. +

"So, Zachariah is the Rogue King," James voiced what everyone was thinking. +

Releasing Zara's shoulders, I nodded and started pacing again. "Yes, that much we know now. All this time, we had vague descriptions of a man – of a ghost – but now we have a name. We can do a lot with a name."+

Conner, ever the strategist, saw a silver lining too. "Damn right we can. It's one more piece of information we can use to capture the madman."4

"Abi, see what you can find on a man named Zachariah," I instructed, then with careful thought, I added, "and an attack on White Willows pack."+

Zara turned to look at me. +

"Does this mean you believe my brother now?" she asked with a sly smirk and I rolled my eyes, not bothering to respond.+

"See what you can find in the next day or two. I'll present all this in the Alphas meeting next week," I said directly to Abigale, watching her nod immediately. +

"What if Zara presented them to the Aphas?" James suggested, leaning back in his chair.+

"What? No," I instantly protested.+

"Think about it, Haden," shrugged James, "If she presents all this to the Alphas, then it gives her the opportunity to answer any questions they might have. And they'll definitely value the woman who knew the man before the Rogue King title."1

Plus it'll be a mini introduction to your mate, he added via mind-link.+

Not the time for it, I told him. My wolf wanted to protect her at all costs and putting her in the line of fire against four Alphas – four strangers – wasn't the best idea right now. I didn't want her to feel like she had to recount her most traumatic experiences to strangers.+

"No, not when she's –" I started but she cut me off. +

"It's okay, Haden. I want to help," she reassured me. We shared a look and I saw the fierce determination in her eyes. +

Sighing, I took three steps over to Zara, who sat by the window, wrapped in my t-shirt. Leaning in, I pressed a tender kiss to her head. Her strength and dedication never ceased to amaze me. It was something I noticed the first time our eyes locked—the resilience beneath the surface, hidden behind the mask of defiance.+

"Anyone else has any comments?" I asked, breaking the moment and turning my attention to the group. Their expressions ranged from concern to contemplation, but no one uttered a word.+

With a nod, I dismissed the group. As they filed out of the room, the weight of the revelations lingered in the air. Once the room emptied, I turned back to Zara, her eyes still reflecting the emotions stirred by the discussion. "You handled that well," I said, offering a small smile.+

She looked up at me, her gaze searching mine. "It took a while for me to be at peace with that story. Thanks for... you know."+

The sincerity in her voice resonated, bringing a sense of reassurance. "For what?" I asked, pulling out a chair and sitting right in front of her. +

"You know... the shoulder thing. I think my wolf was calm the entire time because of you," she blurted out, taking her eyes away from mine. +

Tilting my head, I realized her cheeks were turning to a soft shade of pink and chuckled lightly. "Embarrassed of that fact, mate?"+

"No," she rushed out, tsking as if it was hard to believe.+

I leaned forward and used the edge of my index finger to pull her gaze back to mine. "Nothing to be embarrassed about, princess," I whispered. +

Her breathing faltered and her eyes began to dilate as we stared at each other. The sexual tension between us was almost suffocating, and my wolf was so close to claiming her earlier. She was mine; my mate, my Luna, my everything. Her defiance was a pain in my ass, but it was also sexy as fuck. I liked that she stood for what she believed in and would be ready to fight for the ones she loved. 3

The perfect qualities for my Luna. +

Haden, a minute, Conner mind-linked me. +

"I'll be right back," I whispered as I stood, pressing my lips against her forehead before walking out the door to meet Conner. The revelation of the Rogue King's original name was a lot more than we had now, and it was a step in the right direction, but for now I wanted everyone on high alert. He may have attacked another northern pack, but it was only a matter of time before he came here. +

"The name's good," Conner said once I got to him, "and I think you should let Zara talk to the Alphas."+

I ran a hand over my face. +

"I don't want it to be too much for her," I admitted.+

He chuckled as we walked side by side. "I don't think you've noticed but nothing's too much for her. She's a strong wolf, Alpha, and she's survived a lot more than most wolves would have at her age. She can handle anything."+

The unity of the packs was important and they needed to be aware of the connection between her and the Rogue King. She may be the only one who's still alive and has crucial information about Zachariah before he became the Rogue King.+

Once we reached the main hall, I turned to Conner. "Make sure everyone's on high alert. We don't know what the Rogue King might do next."+

Conner nodded, understanding the gravity of the situation. "I'll speak with the guys tomorrow and add more patrols to the schedule. Perks to you though, for how you handled Zara in there," he added, nodding to the office in our rearview. +

I shrugged. "I don't know. It felt natural to..."+

"Be there for her when she needed it," he finished, smiling at me. "You too make a good pair. It's terrible what the Rogue King did to her though. Losing your entire pack like that..." he groaned and shook his head.+

Turning to look out the window, my arms folded behind my back, I felt something churn inside me; a new level of anger. He hurt my mate and took everything from her. +

"He'll pay for everything," I said, my voice colder than the night air, "For what he did to this pack, to my family, and now to my mate. He'll regret the day he ever set his sights on what's mine."2

+

-----+

I didn't think I'd get this update ready before the New Year but ta da!+

Now the Alpha's meeting will be in the next chapter - how do you think the other Alphas will take her in? Share your thoughts and don't forget to vote!1

Countdown to the New Year :)+

+

36 - Kindled and Connected+

HADEN+

+

      Seated at the table of the Alphas meeting, I scanned the faces of the men gathered, a mixture of curiosity and wariness in their eyes as they took in the woman sitting beside me. I gave a quick introduction to the Alphas present — Stephan, Cannon, and Bryon, with Hunter, Bryon's beta, seated beside James.1

Cannon was the first one to speak, a smirk plastered on his face. +

"So this is the woman who caused you two to have a... falling out a couple weeks ago. I can see why she was worth all the trouble, Pierce."+

I simply glared at him, refusing to take the bait, but Bryon responded instead. "Yeah, I can definitely agree. It's good to finally put a face to the name."+

"Are you all done ogling my mate?" I growled, my gaze sweeping across the table. +

Cannon rolled his eyes but wisely chose to stay silent. +

"As you all know, the Rogue King has been a shadow for years," I began, immediately getting to the matter at hand. "But today, we have valuable information that could bring us one step closer to finding him."+

I gestured toward Zara, indicating that she could start saying her piece. She took a deep breath before delving into the chilling account of the attack on her family by a man named Zachariah. The room fell silent as she recounted her quest for vengeance.+

"I spent years chasing down Zachariah's scent, following every lead I could find so that I could –"+

"Sweetheart, this all sounds like quite the story but what does this all have to do with the Rogue King?" Cannon interrupted.2

"Watch it, Berusa," I snapped loudly at him, my fist clenching as I glared harshly at him. +

"Don't even start with me, Pierce," he snapped back. "This isn't a story lounge where we sit by the campfire and share stories. This is a serious matter and I don't appreciate my time being wasted."1

"No one is wasting anyone's time," Stephan jumped in, his tone calming and neutral. +

"Of course she –"+

"Shut up and let me finish," Zara snapped, her glare silencing Cannon. She continued her story without giving him a chance to respond, determination burning in her eyes.4

"I could track the man – Zachariah – because I knew his face. It was the only thing left of my childhood after he ripped it away. I thought it was a distant memory until..." she trailed off, glancing at me before she said, "until that same face showed up in the research Haden was given. The man from my past, the man who murdered my entire family, is the Rogue King."+

They all stared at her as they connected the dots, and Bryon looked at me for confirmation. +

Nodding, I made sure they all saw the seriousness in my eyes when I said, "This isn't a joke. The simple fact that Zara had the first encounter with the man before he became what he is now... it's the piece of the puzzle that we were missing. We have a name now and it's more than what we had before."+

"It's true, we have more than what we had before, but a name is simply a name," Stephan said with his eyes darting between us. +

"A name defines the ghost we've been searching for," Bryon objected, "we can track a name. A name, if used correctly, can give us history of the man. I mean, how many Zachariahs do you know?"2

Stephan shrugged and a thoughtful expression crossed his face. +

"The name means nothing," Cannon insisted, "besides, why should we believe the words of a rogue?"+

"I'm so sick of your bull –" I immediately snarled, his disrespect getting on my nerves. I tried to stand but Zara raised her hand to stop me, her eyes fixed on the arrogant man across the room. +

"Didn't think I knew about that, did you?" he continued to taunt me before his gaze shifted to Zara, "why the fuck should we take the information from a rogue, knowing very well that we're trying to capture the Rogue King? He's the king of them all! Why should we ever listen to what some rogue has to say?"+

"Because 'some rogue' has uncovered more about this madman in a matter of weeks, more than you seem to have done in years," she snarled as she jumped to her feet, "You can read that into your own incompetence, but it's also the fact that he's just that good. He threatens, conquers, then vanishes into this air. That's his style and it has been for decades."+

"So the ghost has a name now and pigs fly," Cannon exclaimed, shaking his head and walking to the window. +

"Look, you obnoxious Alpha, this information can either help you or harm you, your choice. You all have absolutely nothing on the man, and if this helps put an end to this madness then you should use it to your advantage."+

"And my mate isn't a rogue," I harshly stated, "not only is she the rightful Luna of my pack, but she has the blood of two Alphas running through her veins. She's a direct byproduct of the previous Alpha of the White Willows pack. That pack was –"1

"Attacked by the Rogue King," Stephan breathed, making me flash my gaze to him, but he wasn't looking at me. His eyes latched on to Zara. "The... The White Willows pack... there's no way..."1

"What is it?" Bryon asked, looking between Stephan and Zara like I was.+

"I haven't heard that name in years," he whispered, casting his head down as his fingers trailed along the dark oak table. +

"So it does exist," Zara pointedly said as she folded her arms and looked at me. Simply rolling my eyes, I leaned back in my chair. Huffing, she sat and narrowed her eyes at me.+

"Yes, the White Willows existed for a very long time before... well, we were told that there was a fight for power. The tale was that the Beta of the pack was so power-hungry that he challenged the Alpha and half the pack fought the other half," he explained. +

"Power would have been the smart spin for it," I couldn't help but state. +

"It was, and it certainly worked. Everyone believed that the pack went to war amongst themselves and it tore them apart. Only a few survived and it was mainly because they fled to nearby packs – mine being one of them."+

"So you heard the cries and screams of a pack burning to the ground and chose to do nothing?" Zara coldly asked. +

Stephan tilted his head to look at her for a moment before he responded. "With all due respect Zara, our packs were not allies. Your father was a proud man who thought he was better than the rest of us because of the connection he had with your mother. He had very few friends, but I wasn't going to turn my back on the few members who showed up on my borders. I would have taken you in myself had you come to my lands. I was told you died with the others, as did your brother."+

"Sucks to hear that we're still alive then," she responded with an edge in her tone. +

"We?" Stephan raised a brow.+

I jumped in. "Yes, the brother is alive too and has been a pain in my ass ever since. The fact remains that the information can be trusted, it's just a matter of what we're going to do with it. Then there's the whole business of the Sun God and Moon Goddess. Whatever relationship they had, the Sun God created a whole new species of werewolves out of spite. The Rogue King is one of those wolves, and we believe that there's a high possibility that the Alpha of the Saros Shadows is another."+

+

37 -  The Line That Glows+

HADEN+

+

     Branches crunched loudly beneath my boots as I ventured through the lush greenery, heading to the source of yet another problem. Wolves at the northern border bowed respectfully as I passed, their silent acknowledgment of my presence not deterring me from my path. +

Conner, with his arms folded and brows furrowed, waited for me to get to him.+

"I've never seen anything like this, Haden," he remarked as I approached him. We walked side by side, the tension in the air palpable. "I don't know what it is or if it's even safe enough for us to walk across."+

My curiosity piqued, I inquired, "What are you talking about?" It wasn't until I followed his gaze that I saw what it was.

A line of shimmering blue outlined the forest floor, stretching to the far right before disappearing beneath the thick canopy of trees. The vibrant hue emitted an otherworldly glow, casting an eerie light on the surrounding foliage. +

"What the hell..." I trailed off as I inched closer, crouching down and examining the unusual blue light. It was almost blinding, and the air around it crackled with an energy that felt both familiar and unsettling. It seemed to hum with power, resonating with an unnatural force that defied explanation.1

"It doesn't even seem..." Conner started but trailed off as he crouched beside me with as much of curiosity as I had. +

"Well," I raised my voice, my glance going to the men standing behind us, "does anyone know what this is? How long has it been here?"+

"Not long, Alpha," one man timidly said. +

"Whatever it is, it's going around the entire pack," another wolf stepped forward and stated. +

"We need answers," I declared, my gaze fixed on the mysterious boundary. "Get Abigale to look into this immediately. We can't afford to remain in the dark."+

Conner nodded in agreement, acknowledging the urgency of the situation. With a final glance at the radiant blue barrier, I made my way back through the forest, the unanswered questions lingering in the air like a haunting melody. The journey to unveil the mysteries of the shimmering border had just begun, and the stakes were higher than ever.+

"What if it was connected to the Rogue King?" I thought aloud.+

"I don't know," Conner shared his doubt as he rose to his feet, his eyes still fixed on the mysterious blue border. "There's something very... strange about it. It's making me feel stronger, not weaker. There's a sudden rush of..."+

"Adrenaline," I finished his sentence, my mind racing to comprehend whatever this was.+

"Yeah, something like that," he nodded, a furrow deepening on his brow. "So, how was the meeting?"+

As we walked back together, the forest enveloping us in an eerie quiet, I filled Conner in on the details of the meeting. I mentioned James' departure with Hunter and a few other wolves to scout the Saros Shadows pack.+

"He's right about that though, we need to have a better idea of what's going on up there," Conner said with a shrug. +

I strung out a sigh. "Yeah, I know he's right, but it doesn't make it any less dangerous. I need to call Alex to let him know what the plan is. It'll help his cause of not wanting the Crown to get involved before it's absolutely necessary."+

He nodded wordlessly as we approached the cars. +

"This plan of ours better work," I said, frustration lacing my tone. "It feels like we're running out of time, and every move we make has to count."+

"The pack will be safe, Haden," he tried to reassure me, but I couldn't help but feel like something bigger was at work here – especially with this freaking line surrounding the pack. We needed to eliminate these threats, and the last thing we needed was another distraction.+

Distraction... what if this was all a distraction to take our attention away from the Rogue King? +

I groaned internally, trying to keep my focus on the concersaton at hand. This plan with James better work. There were too many unknowns in play. We need answers and we needed them yesterday. +

     My eyes swept the hospital room before landing on my mother who was sound asleep in the chair by the window. My father glanced at the door as it opened, his pale complexion and frail form stark reminders of the reason I hunted the Rogue King relentlessly. 2

"At least you've still got your ears, old man," I joked as I entered the room, throwing a smirk at him.+

"Who are you calling old? I'm as young as you," he smirked as he tried to lean up in the bed, glancing at my mother in the corner, "she really needs to go and get some rest. I told her that, mind you, but she's just as stubborn as I am."+

I chuckled and walked over to her, pressing my lips against her forehead and hearing her murmur.+

"Haden?" +

"Hello mother," I greeted with a smile. +

"Go home and rest, darling," I heard my father say from behind me. +

My mother shook her head and stood, eyes latching on my dad as she walked towards him. +

"I'm fine," she reassured him, grabbing his hand in hers before glancing at me. "We're waiting on the doctors to approve your father for travel."+

My brows furrowed in confusion. +

"Travel? What are you talking about?"+

"Your brother suggested that we come to the palace to stay with the King and Queen," my mother explained.+

"Alex suggested?" I repeated. +

She sighed, looking at me exhaustedly. "Don't start with me, Haden."+

"He doesn't have a –"+

"Didn't I just say don't start? Your father doesn't need to hear you bickering like a five-year-old," Patricia interjected.+

With a scowl, I shifted my attention back to my father. "I've made progress in the pursuit of the Rogue King. Now we not only have a face, but a name for the man who did this to you. We're closing in on him, and soon justice will be served."+

Conrad sighed, the lines on his face deepening as if the passing of time had etched his pain into every crevice. His gaze seemed to traverse back to a time when the world was different; when the shadows of vengeance had not yet loomed over our lives. "I wish you didn't carry the burden on your shoulders, son. Nothing that you do now is going to change what happened."+

"I can't just ignore what happened, Dad. He deserves to pay for what he did to you and this entire pack, and he will," I added, my voice taking a deeper tone. "I'll make sure he pays for what he did if it's the last thing I do. No one else will have to suffer like you did."+

Patricia shot a disapproving glance at me, "Revenge will get you nowhere. What's done is done. Give up this search before we lose you. This family has suffered enough." +

The room fell into a contemplative quiet, the gravity of our shared burden palpable.+

My father sighed. "Patricia..."+

+

38 -  Choosing Fire Over Fuel+

ZARA+

+

       The cozy ambiance of Haden's childhood home enveloped us as we settled around the dinner table. The flickering candlelight cast a warm glow, creating an atmosphere that blended familiarity and anticipation. I wasn't sure what to expect from his parents, but they embodied the words class and elegance. +

Patricia, Haden's mother, gracefully set an aromatic dish of roasted vegetables at the center before sitting across from me. They both smiled at me as if expecting me to say something. What did you say to the parents of your mate? To the parents of an Alpha after you've been a rogue your entire life? +

I found myself twiddling my thumbs under the table, unsure of what to say.+

Hesitating, I finally spoke, "You... you have a wonderful home."+

Patricia's smile widened, a maternal glimmer in her eyes. "Oh, thank you, dear. Conrad had it built from scratch as we transitioned through the Alpha-Luna post."+

I turned my gaze to Conrad, Haden's father, who exuded a quiet pride in the accomplishment. He was seated upright in a wheelchair, and his color was pale. +

"It must have taken forever," I mused, trying to find common ground in the conversation.+

Conrad chuckled, his voice carrying the weight of experience. "No, not long, though it was held up for months because we were all trying to rebuild after the Rogue King's attack."+

The mention of the Rogue King cast a momentary shadow over the conversation, a stark reminder of the shared history that connected everyone in the room. Conrad's eyes, however, reflected resilience and strength, a testament to the pack's ability to rebuild and endure in the face of adversity.+

Patricia's gaze softened as she continued, "It was a challenging time for all of us, but we emerged stronger. Our pack rallied together, and Haden's leadership meant everything to the pack, especially after his brother had to move to London. We're so proud of you, honey."+

The words hung in the air, resonating with a mix of maternal pride and genuine admiration. Haden, seated beside me, received his mother's praise with a humble nod, his eyes reflecting a blend of gratitude and responsibility.1

"And he led the pack for years and rebuilt systems that were broken down, thankfully with the strength of his friends and family by his side," Patricia added, turning her attention to Conrad. "An Alpha can lead a pack successfully, but with a Luna by his side, anything is possible."+

"Now, Patricia, this dinner isn't about all that. Tell me, Zara, how long were you a rogue?" Conrad asked as he bit into his lasagne. +

Feeling the eyes of the room on me, I navigated through the intricacies of my past, touching upon my childhood and how my family was brutally attacked. They both listened keenly, with concerned expressions on their faces and I wasn't quite sure what to make of it. I mean, were they really concerned or was it just an act? How concerned could they be after just meeting me?+

Very concerned, I heard Haden's voice in my head which made me jolt and look at him. +

"How... how did you do that?" I said to him. He chuckled and reached for my hand.+

We have a bond now that I marked you, but you've had walls up ever since. This is the first time you've really been... vulnerable since then, he voiced to me.+

"This feels invasive, stop it," I frowned at him making him laugh. 4

Only you can stop me, princess, he chuckled, come on try it.+

"Having fun?" Conrad teased.+

I rolled my eyes. +

"Your son is..." I was going to say, but trailed off realizing I would be insulting him in front of his parents. +

"He can be a troublemaker when he has the free time," Conrad finished sending a smirk my way. I see where Haden gets it from. +

"I learnt from the best, old man," Haden teased from beside me. +

"Okay, enough you two," Patricia called out, rolling her eyes at the playful banter between Haden and her husband. Her gaze shifted, fixing on me with a warm smile. "Zara, will you be joining us tomorrow for the barbecue?"+

"Umm..." +

"It would be the perfect setting to be introduced to the pack as the new Luna," she continued. +

New Luna?+

"Um," I hesitated, glancing briefly at Haden before meeting Patricia's expectant gaze. "I... I'm not sure. It's just a lot, you know? Being introduced to everyone at once. I wasn't aware Haden was even considering that," I added, looking at him with a subtle look of frustration.+

Patricia's expression softened, understanding evident in her eyes. "I know, dear. It can be overwhelming, especially with the responsibilities that come with being Luna. But the pack is like a family, and we're all here to support each other."+

Haden, sensing my unease, placed a reassuring hand on mine under the table. The subtle gesture conveyed both understanding and encouragement.+

Conrad, leaning back in his chair, interjected with a warm smile. "The barbecue is a celebration, a time for the pack to come together and strengthen our bonds. It's a chance for everyone to get to know our future Luna. No pressure, Zara, just be yourself."+

"I appreciate all the reassurance and compliments, but I'm not sure if I'm ready for such a significant introduction," I admitted, my gaze flickering between Haden and his parents. "Besides, with my brother's new pack –"+

"Zara," Haden interrupted with a growl.+

"Your brother?" Patricia inquired with her brows furrowed in confusion. "I wasn't aware you had a brother, or that he was an Alpha."+

I smiled warmly. "Yes, we recently reconnected, and he's in the process of formulating his pack. We're both the children of two Alphas."3

The room fell into a sudden silence, and I could feel the weight of the revelation settling in the air. The subtle exchange of glances between Haden's parents and their unspoken thoughts made me shift in my chair.+

Conrad broke the silence with a thoughtful nod, his gaze thoughtful. "Children of two Alphas," he echoed, his voice carrying a mix of curiosity and contemplation. Patricia's expression, too, held a hint of intrigue as she processed the unexpected piece of information.+

Haden, sensing the shift in dynamics, tightened his grip on my hand beneath the table. I tried to withdraw my hand from his but his grip only tightened more.+

"That's quite the bloodline," Patricia finally remarked, breaking the silence with a warm smile. "The children of two Alphas... unheard of in this day and age. The last pair we heard of was..." she trailed off, looking at Conrad.+

"Let's not bring that one up, sweetheart," Conrad said, patting her hand. Then, he added, "It brings an interesting perspective. Alphas understand the responsibilities and challenges of leadership in a way that few others do. I'm sorry you didn't have that sheltered life through your childhood."5

I nodded, grateful for the understanding in their eyes. +

"Well, she could have a sheltered life now if she would just..." Haden interjected, pointedly looking at me. +

+

39 -  Tempted By Fire+

ZARA+

+

          "You're what?"+

 I'm sure the expression on my face didn't even begin to show the level of shock I felt as I stared at the woman before me. Rebecca shrugged as if she hadn't said something completely groundbreaking. +

"Yeah, we went all the way," she said as she fixed herself a cup of coffee. "No point in holding out when we're going against destiny."+

"But... but you both just met each other," I said with wide eyes. +

Again, she shrugged. "Yeah, but we're mates and at the end of the day, we're meant to be together."+

"But you were both rogues," I stated bluntly, "and now he may be... well, I don't know."+

She laughed and turned to look at me, hand on hip. +

"Zara, we're mates for crying out loud. If you think I'm not going to fuck the life out of my mate every chance I get, then you don't know me very well," she said with a smirk. 2

I shuddered at the image of my brother and my best friend having sex –  an image I certainly didn't need. Then my eyes strayed to her neck where her new mark was. +

"So marked and mated," I voiced. +

"And happier than I've ever been," she grinned. +

"You better be," a new voice emerged from behind me.+

Luca immediately went to Rebecca with a smirk, and his hands started exploring just as fast as hers did. +

"Ugh, guys come on," I groaned as I covered my eyes. "I'm standing right here."+

"Oh, darling you don't know the half of it," Anastasia interjected as she made her way to the fridge, her red hair flowing like a cape behind her. +

"We're not that bad," Rebecca objected, giggling when Luca engulfed her and snuggled in her neck. +

"You're right," Ana nodded in agreement as she took the orange juice to her lips, "You're worse."+

I shook my head at the pair and folded my arms, still dumbfounded at how close they got. +

My wolf stirred within me, longing for the same with my own mate. +

Why won't you let us be happy? she whined, and in that instant, my mind was flooded with images of Haden and I. Scenes of our lips connecting, hands gripping and grabbing, the familiar feeling of my heart pounding against my chest. 4

Cut it out, I growled at her as I shook my head and refocused on the room. +

"So what are you really doing here, Zee?" Luca asked with a brow raised. +

I shrugged, mentally shaking the feeling of desire away and looked at him with a serious expression. +

"There's something you need to know about the man who killed our family," +

The carefree expression on his face almost wiped away instantly. +

"Luca, he's... he's the Rogue King," I finished, "whoever that man was back then, he grew himself into the Rogue King and tore packs apart."+

"So the madness started way back then. Lovely," Ana huffed. +

"But why would he attack our family first? What kicked everything into gear, or better yet what was he looking for when he attacked?"5

"Well that's the question now isn't it?" I pushed back. "Then there's this whole thing about a possible attack."+

"What?" Rebecca shrieked. +

"Haden and the rest of the Alphas are working out a plan but... just, keep your ears open and be prepared for anything. Are Haden's men still doing patrols around these parts?"+

Luca nodded begrudgingly. +

"I don't want to be a subject to your mate, Zara," he said narrowing his eyes at me. +

"And I don't want to lose my brother again," I shot back at him, "just think of it as extra protection. These are dangerous times after all."+

"Luc, maybe we should listen to her," Rebecca turned to him and softly said. I watched them exchange a look and with a sigh, he snuggled back into her and nodded. +

"Fine, but I would like a chat with His Royal High-Ass when he gets a moment," mumbled Luca before his attention was back on his mate. Rebecca giggled again as they embraced each other. 4

I want mate, my wolf popped up again and I swear if she was a person she'd be sporting the largest pout there is. +

Quit talking like a cave woman then maybe I'll – +

Before I could get the thoughts out, she pushed through the latest scene of Haden and I, pressed up against the wall, almost ripping each other's clothes off. The pit in my stomach tightened and I could feel my skin flushing in heat. Just at the thought of him touching me; of me touching him. Inferno.+

My fingers gripped the kitchen counter subtly as Ana tried making conversation with me, but my ears weren't picking up on the sound. My mind was just focused on him. +

"Don't you think?" Ana asked, looking at me expectantly. +

"Hmm?" I mumbled. "Yeah, there is just –"+

Princess, unless you want me to come and ravish you until the only word in your vocabulary is my name, I suggest you stop thinking whatever it is you're thinking, Haden's voice punched through the walls of my mind, making me jolt in surprise.2

"Ana, I don't think she's focused on you right now," Rebecca teased with a knowing smirk on her lips. +

"What, no of course I am," I protested. +

I told you to stop doing that, I mumbled to Haden, my skin slightly flushed. +

Where are you? he questioned. +

In my brother's territory, I offered before tuning him out and focusing on the conversation. +

"– that way you already know what's at stake," Luca said. +

"Oi!" +

Glancing back, I saw Oshane and Sean come through the doorway. +

"Full house today it seems," Oshane said with a glance in my direction. +

"Problem?" I raised a brow. +

"No no, not in the slightest," he answered with a tiny smirk tugging at the corner of his lips. "Something up?" he asked, now looking at Luca. +

Shaking his head, Luca pulled away from Rebecca to search through the cupboards. "Nothing but the need for some food. Had a good run?"+

"Yeah, well we –"+

Come back to the pack house, Haden's voice barrelled in my head again. +

What, why? I asked him.+

"Right, Zee?" Luca asked with a bright smile and I looked at him confused. +

It's important, Haden simply said.+

+

40 -  The Fire Turns Grey+

ZARA+

+

       "You truly are an asshole," Haden muttered as he opened the door for Alex, annoyed by the intrusion. +

Grinning widely, he slapped his brother on his shoulder and said, "The best kind, brother. Besides, you do know there are at least six bedrooms in this house right? Find one."3

"I'll find one the minute you go back to London," retorted Haden. "When is that again?"+

"Jeez, I just got here and you're already shipping me off. You see what I had to grow up with, sweetheart?" Alex playfully asked as he turned to the woman walking in behind him. +

She was stunning. Her skin was touched by snow, and her hair was a rich cascade of chestnut brown, falling in gentle waves around her face. She stood tall and elegantly, with a smile that shone brighter than the sun. 1

"Oh leave your brother alone," she teased, her British accent immediately recognizable. She enveloped Haden in a warm embrace. "It's good to see you again, Haden."+

"You as well, Princess Elizabeth," Haden wrapped his arms around her then his brows knitted together making him pull back. His gaze moved to her stomach then back at her and her brilliant smile widened. +

"Are you ready to be an uncle?" she grinned.+

Haden chuckled and grabbed her back in an embrace. "Congratulations, Liz. I'm sure you and your family are ecstatic."+

"Yes, well, mum took it very well. Dad on the other hand had to get his mind around the thought of his baby girl growing up," she said before her eyes turned to look at me. "And who is this beautiful woman?"+

Haden smirked. +

"Elizabeth, meet my mate Zara. Zara, meet Princess Elizabeth."+

Elizabeth's eyes widened slightly in surprise, but she quickly composed herself with a gracious smile. "It's a pleasure to meet you, Zara. Alex has spoken highly of you."+

I turned to Alex who wore a sly smile and shrugged. +

"You know I'd never say anything bad about my future sister-in-law," he said with arms raised innocently. +

I chuckled at Alex's playful remark, appreciating the easy banter within Haden's family. Elizabeth's smile remained genuine, and her demeanor exuded a warmth that made it easy to feel at ease in her presence.+

"Zara's been a wonderful addition to the pack. She's strong, resilient, and fiercely loyal to those she deems worthy of her loyalty," Haden voiced as he placed a reassuring hand on my lower back. +

We shared a look and I couldn't help but smile up at him. +

Elizabeth's eyes sparkled with curiosity. "Sounds like quite the impressive mate you've found, Haden."+

He nodded, a proud gleam in his eyes. "Indeed, she is."+

We made our way to the kitchen and I couldn't deny how easy things felt. I don't know how to describe it, I just felt... at home.  Elizabeth shared a few stories from her royal life, and I found myself intrigued by the concept of a 'Royal Family' for werewolves. Rogues didn't exactly abide by the rules, so it was interesting to hear her talk about her responsibilities and how the Crown often offered to aid wolves in need.+

"Alexander was telling me about your tragic childhood and I must say, it's heartbreaking to hear," she admitted and I shifted uncomfortably on my feet. "My parents helped thousands of wolves that were affected by the Rogue King's attacks, so I just wish they were there to help you too."+

I gave a tense smile. "Well, it's what led me here so I can't be upset about that. I spent too much time letting that man ruin my lifetime to start living it."+

"If only our son saw it that way," a voice sounded from behind me. I turned to see Haden's parents, Conrad and Patricia, join us in the kitchen. Patricia smiled as she wheeled in Conrad who looked a little pale, but his smile showed his true strength. +

"You should be in bed, Dad," Haden immediately said as he shuffled towards them, a frown on his lips. +

"Oh relax, the doctors cleared me so I may as well enjoy a little of the barbecue before our flight," Conrad waved him off dismissively. Haden was about to protest again, but Conrad continued, "No, no, not another word about it. I've spent too long in that bed. I want a little time enjoying the fresh air."+

I stepped to Haden's side and hesitantly slid my hand into his. At the movement, his eyes moved to mine and we shared a look before he sighed and nodded. +

"Just take it easy, old man," Haden said as he looked at Conrad, tugging at my hand to pull me closer before wrapping his arm around my waist. +

"This old man is about to ram you in the ankles if you keep saying that," teased Conrad as he made a move to wheel forward before Patricia stopped him. +

"Enough you two," she scolded but the smile on her face showed just how happy she was that her mate was content. +

I used the opportunity to clear my throat, feeling a twinge of guilt from her abrupt departure the night before. "I'm sorry for leaving the dinner abruptly last night. It was all a bit... overwhelming for me."+

Conrad's warm smile radiated kindness as he extended his hand to shake mine. "No need to apologize, my dear. These pack gatherings can indeed be overwhelming, especially for someone new to our close-knit community. We're grateful to have you here with us, and always remember, we're here to support you in any way we can. Consider yourself part of the family now."+

The sincerity in his gaze conveyed a genuine sense of acceptance and reassurance. The weight of the werewolf hierarchy and the responsibilities that came with it seemed to momentarily lift, replaced by a sense of belonging. His words created an instant sense of reassurance and when I looked up at Patricia, her warm smile echoed the same sentiments.+

"They're right," Haden murmured as he pressed his lips against my forehead. "We'd do anything for you. You're the... you're my mate and that isn't going to change."4

Whatever I was running from, the need for freedom didn't match the level of security I felt in this room. For once in my life, I felt like I could finally breathe and trust the fact that everything would work itself out.+

Yeah, with our mate by our side, my wolf blissfully said. +

Mentally rolling my eyes, I couldn't help but agree. +

Yes, with our mate by our side, I repeated as I leaned into his embrace and finally let the tension rest.+

+

+

       The late afternoon sun cast a warm glow over the pack's territory as I observed the bustling activity around the barbecue site. The savory aroma of grilled meat wafted through the air, and the distant laughter of pack members filled the atmosphere. Everyone seemed excited for the gathering, but I couldn't shake off a tinge of nervousness.+

I found solace in Elizabeth's company as we both chatted easily about the passerbys. +

"No there's no way he'd do that," I giggled. +

+

41 -  The Light of Two Sparks +

HADEN+

+

           The evening air brushed against my fur as I made my way to the northern border, the last bit of sun disappearing beyond the horizon. I'm really getting sick and tired of all these fucking rogue attacks. It's like they were all in an uproar, wanting to challenge me every chance they fucking got. 1

The lush, green landscape was surrounded by darkness, my paws pushing me further and further into the forest to meet up with the wolves on the other side. My ears perked up for any sign of an attack, knowing that I had to be fully alert in situations like this.+

My steps were purposeful, each one accompanied by the soft rustle of leaves and the occasional whisper of wind through the trees.+

Alpha, they're saying they were invited here, one of the men patrolling the border mind-linked me. +

Invited here? By who? I growled. +

Prince Alexander sir, he replied. +

Why on Earth would Alex... wait a minute. Alex mentioned wolves coming in the North but I totally forgot about them coming in. +

Someone get Alex on the phone to confirm. Now, I demanded, pushing myself further.

The air was tense when I got there. I shifted, grabbing a pair of shorts from one of the men standing in line. I moved through the men at the border who bowed their heads in respect, my eyes searching the stretch of land before landing on the rogues walking towards us. +

Two rogues, a man and a woman, led the charge of wolves behind them, their faces expressionless. My eyes scanned the numbers, counting about forty wolves dragging their feet across the forest floors. +

The man, a stoic figure, seemed unfazed by the scrutiny, while the women exuded an air of impatience. I stepped forward, my gaze shifting between them.+

"You rogues are trespassing," I immediately growled at them. +

They tried to step closer but the wolves beside me growled at them. The women glared at them but said nothing, it was the man who started. +

"We're not rogues," he said roughly. I could hear the power in his voice, feel it radiating through the air. His eyes ran across the line of wolves in front of him before landing on mine and stringing out a sigh, raising his bulky arms in the air.+

"We are not here to fight you," he claimed as he took another step, pausing at the growls from my men. "My name is Greyson Otaire and this is Harley Embers. Our lands were attacked by the Rogue King. Your brother, Prince Alexander said you would provide us with refuge to the wolves who managed to escape."+

I studied the weariness etched on Greyson's face, the toll of battles fought. If anyone knew that look – that feeling of helplessness – it was me. Narrowing my eyes at him, I chose not to respond to his claims and sized up the wolves behind him. He was calm and level-headed as if knowing he had nothing to worry about. And I'd recognize that stance from anywhere. +

"You're an Alpha," I pointed out, wanting him to know that I could feel his power from where I stood. +

Matching my gaze, we stood in silence for a minute before he confirmed. "Yes, I am, and so is she," he added, pointing to the woman who stood by his side. +

Two Alphas. Marvellous. 2

Alpha, Prince Alexander has confirmed their identities. They are, in fact, wolves from the northern territories, one of the wolves mind-linked. +

Let me speak to Alex, I sent back. +

No need, Alpha, he said he will be coming here, responded the wolf. +

Why would he –+

"Hey, are you guys done playing with your dicks? My people have traveled a long way to stand here," the woman snarkily said and I snapped at her. +

"Watch it," +

"No, you watch it! I did not come here to be belittled by a pup," she growled. 1

"Harley!" the man by her side growled warningly, almost matching my own growl.2

"You'd be wise to listen to your travel companion," I warned. +

"We didn't travel all this way to be scolded at, and we're certainly not in the mood for delays. Let us in."3

I was about to respond harshly when a chuckle came from behind me. +

"You were never good at managing your temper," I heard my brother say as he walked over to her, slapping me on the back on the way. +

"Alexander," the man greeted with a smile on his face. "It's good to see you, brother."+

"It's good to see you too, Greyson," Alex replied, pulling the man into a bear hug. "Both of you," he added, glancing down at Harley with a smirk. +

"Some welcome party," she grumbled, glancing in my direction and I growled lowly at her. +

"Stop it, come here," Alex said as he embraced her. He whispered something to her, something my ears didn't pick up, before he pulled away from her with a warm smile on his lips. 2

"Yeah, well, your brother is being a huge pain in my ass," Harley said as she rolled her eyes.2

"Apologies for my travel companion," Greyson offered, narrowing his eyes at her, "she can be a bit... headstrong."+

"More like stubborn," Alex added, smiling innocently when Harley glared at him. Then he turned to look at the wolves behind his friends, and they bowed respectfully. "You all must be tired from your travels."+

Murmurs of agreement came from them and Alex turned to look at me expectantly.+

Rolling my eyes, I said, "Your packs may enter, but they will be closely monitored," I finally decided, stepping aside to carve a path for them to go through. "But we'll need to discuss the situation further."+

Slowly, the wolves walked past us, stumbling into my territory with exhaustion. They mumbled their gratitude as they walked by, leaving Greyson and Harley behind.+

"Thank you," Greyson said, sincerity dripping from his words, "we've been travelling for days. It's not easy living like this, I will never understand how rogues do this."+

"You and me both," I cracked a smile before moving up to him to shake his hand. "Pleasure to meet you, Greyson."+

"Likewise," he said, "I've heard about the dangerous Alpha of the South, would have never expected he was the brother to that ass."+

"The South? This is still Northern America," I chuckled.+

"Anything south of my pack is the South," he simply shrugged with a smirk on his lips. "But honestly, thank you for your help. The attacks started just as we were leaving. Thankfully we departed before they got to us. I'm not sure of the fates of those who stayed behind, but it can't be anything promising."+

Together, we spoke about the attacks on the North and he recounted the devastating attacks on the surrounding packs before they decided to leave. Even through the chaos, his calm demeanor and logical approach marked him as a strategic leader.+

+

42 - Chances Set Ablaze+

HADEN+

+

        In the dimly lit confines of my office, I stared intently at the map spread across the desk. With the word of the Rogue King attacking Mount Luna, he was gaining ground and it won't be long now before he thinks he can challenge this pack again. 1

My pack. +

We were at war, and I was fully aware of the stakes. This constant battle with rogues was relentless. Strategizing had consumed my days and nights, but I would not let this madman conquer this pack. If I died protecting this pack, then I would die. That was my job as the Alpha, and it was one that I will not fail.+

The Rogue King will meet his end. Soon. +

Determined to gather crucial information from the current operation, I reached for the phone and dialed Hunter's number. +

"Miss me already?" James answered instead of Hunter, making me roll my eyes. "I mean, if you missed me this much, my dear, you could always mind-link me. I'm sure you're missing my voice in your head."+

I couldn't help but chuckle. +

"I see all the ice has gotten to your head. Tell me, have your balls frozen over yet?"4

"Aww, look at you, all interested in my junk. Don't worry, I'll bring them back nice and warm for you," he continued. 7

"How's it going up there? Status update," I shifted the conversation.+

"We just got settled on the outskirts of the Saros Shadows pack," he answered, his tone shifting to seriousness, "right on top of the hills so we have a good vantage point of the entire land. Who builds a pack in a valley?"+

I glanced down at the map, eyeing the area of the Saros Shadows and knew exactly what he meant. The pack itself was surrounded by hilly terrain and had a stream of water flooding in from the eastern area across to the west. +

"Any sign of the Rogue King?" I inquired. +

"No, nothing on him yet, but there is something weird going on – a gold line shimmering around their pack border. I don't know, it's like it's some sort of protection or something. Stings like a bitch when I touched it –  almost like holding your hand over the fire. Ever seen anything like that?"2

A furrow creased my brow as I thought of our own glowing border. I had never heard of anything like this, not since two days ago, and if it was also around the Saros Shadows pack then it wasn't a coincidence. +

"A few days ago, we noticed a blue glowing line around our pack's border," I informed James. "It hasn't disappeared since. Abigale's looking into it, along with the markings Hunter sent from the Mount Luna pack attack."+

James whistled appreciatively, finding the connection intriguing. "Abigale's tales of the Sun God and the Moon Goddess might look a bit more convincing to Cannon now."6

"Let's just hope that they disappear for good. All this uncertainty is annoying the hell out of me."+

"You and me both, Alpha."+

I ran a hand down my face. "Just be careful. I'm not interested in having a replacement Beta right now."+

"Aww, look at you, caring for little old me. Not to worry, Hunter will be here to protect me,"+

"No, he won't!" I heard Hunter shout and I chuckled. 1

"That doesn't sound very –" I was about to say when my office door busted open revealing an angry Zara and a depressed Natalia. "Uh, James, I've got to go. Keep me posted if anything happens."+

I ended the call, looking at the two suspiciously. "What's going on?"+

Zara leaned down on the desk, palms pressed against the surface and her eyes narrowed. +

"The bastard marked her without consent," she growled. 6

My eyes shifted between Zara and Natalia, looking purposefully at her neck and noticing the fresh mark. Then my eyes met Natalia's and I recognized the disappointment and shame etched across her face. +

Fuck. +

A heavy sigh escaped me as I looked back at Zara, who was seething. +

"Zara," I began, my voice calm but tinged with resignation, "it's not a tradition for Alphas to seek permission before marking their mates. It happens on sight, an instinctual connection. I can't change that."3

Zara opened her mouth to protest but I cut her off.+

"And Natalia knows that. She's his mate and his wolf must have been on overdrive, especially after running across the country from the Rogue King. Whatever happens between them is... between them."+

Zara gave me one hell of a death glare after that, challenging the very essence of Alpha traditions. "What the fuck does that have to do with human decency?! She didn't even get her name out before he sank his fangs in her throat, and to make matters worse, once he did what he wanted to do, he left her standing there. Which heartless bastard does that?"5

I saw Natalia visibly shrink, holding her head down and clenching her fists. I knew Natalia well enough to know that she only clenched her fists like that to drive her nails into her palms, one of her damn coping mechanisms for pain. +

"Natalia, look at me," I demanded, and when she didn't I sighed, "dammit Nat, look at me."+

Her eyes were swimming in tears when she did, but she had a shaky smile on her face. +

"Don't, I'm fine, everything's fine," she breathed out. +

"Stop doing that," I ordered her, pointedly looking down at her hands. When her hands unclenched, I looked at Zara. "Princess, I understand your frustration, but there's nothing I can do. Maybe Natalia could try talking to him and –" +

Zara growled. +

"Well, you better do something," her glare intensified, "or I will."+

"Zara –"+

Unable to sway her perspective, Zara grabbed Natalia's wrist and pulled her through the door. Silently, I cursed and mind-linked Conner. +

Where the fuck is Greyson? I asked him. +

I haven't seen him lately, but last I checked he was with Alex. Why, what's going on? he asked.+

Because he's messing with my mate and Natalia, and that needs to stop before I rip him apart, I snapped.+

What's going on?+

He marked Natalia last night, I told him, no words, just action, the minute he saw her. +

That's... not necessarily uncommon for Alphas, Conner replied.+

Thank you! Zara doesn't seem to understand that, I grumbled as I sat down in my chair, leaning back and propping my feet on my desk. She's upset that Greyson did that shit, and I tried to tell her that but she wouldn't hear it. +

Ah, so the mate fights the battles of the ex-girlfriend, Conner teased and I rolled my eyes. +

Let's not go –+

+

43 -  Forest Fires+

ZARA+

+

         The warm rays of the afternoon sun bathed Luca's house in a golden glow as I lounged on the porch, trying to find solace amidst the chaos that surrounded us. The past few days have been nothing but torment, trying to wrestle with the underlying need to defend.+

Someone as kindhearted as Natalia didn't deserve to be treated the way Greyson had been treating her, Alpha or not. So, in an effort to calm my nerves, I decided to take a morning run and somehow found my way to my brother's porch.+

Luca, seated across from me, vented his frustration about the increased security measures enforced by Haden. +

"It feels more like a prison than a pack," he grumbled.+

"We talked about this Luca," I started, not bothering to look in his direction. "With all this chaos from the Rogue King, it's necessary to protect the pack."+

"We can protect ourselves," he continued to complain.+

"Stop whining like a five-year-old and deal with it," I said.+

"Says the one who was whining like a five-year-old just minutes earlier," he exclaimed, "Oh, the big bad Alpha marked my friend! I'm so sad, I'm so mad, I'm sad-mad," he added in a high-pitched voice.+

I playfully glared at him. "I sound nothing like that." +

Max chimed in with his experience. "I walked up to that mysterious blue line, and nothing happened. I don't get why they're so afraid of it."1

"No one's afraid of anything, they just want to make sure it's safe," I told him. +

"Yeah, but we shouldn't have to be trapped here too! Why the fuss?"+

I sighed and let my eyes venture out to the wolves doing their patrol. "Look, he's just being careful. They haven't encountered anything like this before so they're not taking any chances. Better safe than sorry."+

"You know," I heard Ana's voice as she made her way out to the porch, leaning against the doorframe, "there was something just like it in the Sahara Desert. I hadn't seen it but there have been tales about the flaming hot circle buried in the red sands."+

"Yeah I heard about that," Luca nodded thoughtfully, "wasn't it some golden line that nobody could cross?"+

My curiosity peaked, and I pressed for more information, "They couldn't walk across?"+

Ana simply shrugged and her eyes looked out to the wolves as I did before. The mention of a similar occurrence only left me with more questions than answers. All these mystical sitings that Haden's told me about just make everything worse. No one has seen anything like this, and the ones that have only go by half-truths and gossip.+

What was the real story? Who could –+

My thoughts were interrupted by a sizzle in the air, a feeling I knew all too well. I could feel his presence before my eyes landed on him, the mating bond igniting within me. +

This man really was sexier than sin. +

My eyes instantly locked on his as he emerged from the trees, wearing only cargo shorts that hung on his hips. My wolf was panting, the lust-driven witch that she was, and I was forced to maintain my composure as he strolled across the open land to where we sat.1

What I would give to run my hands down those abs, my wolf groaned.4

Behave! I scolded, and you have paws, not hands. +

She's been so horny lately, I thought as I shook the thoughts from my head. 6

"You all should be more aware," Haden said as his greeting, "something could jump out and attack at any moment."+

"Why bother?" Luca rhetorically exclaimed, "We're under your protection after all."+

Haden simply rolled his eyes as he strutted over to me and pressed his lips against my forehead. +

"We're tired of feeling like caged animals, Almighty Alpha. Any idea on when we'll be able to explore and expand?"+

Haden raised a brow. "You've barely settled on this land and you're thinking about expanding?"+

"All this talk about the attacks and magical sitings," Luca shrugged, "we want to know that we can make a quick run of it just in case things go south here."+

"Your first thought is to run?" Haden critiqued.+

Luca simply leaned back and had his head in his hands as he kicked his feet out, getting more comfortable. "We've been running all our lives, this small-nit family of ours. What can I say, we like our freedom."+

"Just so you know, Alphas don't run," Haden replied as he glanced at me before looking back at Luca. "And to think, I came here to ask you to join us at the next Alphas meeting."+

Luca's brows knitted together. "Alphas meeting?" +

"Sounds like a bunch of cocky bastards gathering around to talk about bastardly things," Max chimed in and I chuckled, turning it into a cough when Haden narrowed his eyes at me.+

"I'm going to pretend I didn't hear that so I don't snap your neck," Haden smiled sardonically at Max before his attention returned to Luca. "The Alphas meet to discuss the impending war between the packs and the rogues, and now that you're on this side of the war – not to mention the fact that you're on my lands – you've been granted a seat at the table."+

"You want me at the table?" 1

Haden chuckled at the question. "You're a pain in my ass but you're also my mate's brother. Can't get rid of you, now can I?"+

Haden outstretched a hand as they shared a look before Luca looked over at me. I nodded with a smile on my face. Seeing my expression, a sigh left his lips as he slowly shook the hand and accepted the truce. My grin widened at the interaction; it meant so much to me that they were getting along. +

"Now we're all just one happy bunch, lovely," Ana interrupted and we all laughed. +

Haden shuffled his way over to me, throwing his arm around me as he sat down and squeezed my side. Instinctively, I leaned into his touch and hummed. +

"Thank you," I mumbled to him.+

Haden turned to look at me, nudging his head to the side. "Come take a walk with me."+

      The sunlit forest enveloped us in an ethereal glow as we walked silently. The air was thick with tension, a subtle undercurrent of something unspoken hanging between Haden and me. My wolf, ever persistent, whispered visions of intimacy, teasing and tempting my thoughts.1

An image of us flashed across my mind, my back pressed against the sofa in this office as his fingers drove in and out of me. My skin felt hot and my heartbeat quickened, a rush of red tainting my vision. +

Stop it, I cursed my wolf and I tried to refocus on the path we were on. +

But I want mate, she whined incessantly. +

What have I told you about talking like a cavewoman? +

I will once you left me wrap my legs around that jaw-dropping torso. Can you imagine what that would look like it if was wet –3

+

44 -  Burnt By The Past+

ZARA+

+

         "You,"+

I turned to face the man, someone I hadn't seen in what seemed like ages, watching as he emerged from the shadows. I tensed, my instincts on high alert as my eyes followed every move he made. +

"Me," was his response, a bold smirk on his lips and a devilishly playful gleam in his eyes. +

Drake. 4

My eyes narrowed, scanning him warily as memories of our last encounter, where he had kidnapped me, resurfaced.+

"The last time we met, you kidnapped me," I growled, my tone filled with distrust.+

Drake merely offered a shrug to complement his cryptic smile. "Sometimes, certain things have to be done in a certain way to ensure a reunion with your brother."+

"My brother had nothing to do with it," I growled, "you told me that you were helping me escape – something I never said I wanted."+

He waved his hand dismissively. "Reunion, escape, what's the difference really?" +

I scoffed and his smirk widened. +

If I learned anything from that encounter, it was to never let my guard down. Such a simple meeting in a diner turned into nothing but chaos for me. For Haden. +

"How do you even know Luca?" I questioned. His mischievous grin widened, revealing nothing. "If you're not here to talk, then leave me the hell alone. I wanted peace after..."+

"After your little joyride to the stars? Then again, can you even call it that when he was the one doing all the riding? I must say blondie, you've got a set of lungs on you, quite the screamer," he added, managing to dodge the fist I threw at him. 4

"You should run before Haden comes and kills you," I cautioned, my eyes narrowing.+

He chuckled dismissively. "I'm not worried about Haden right now."+

My curiosity piqued, and I pressed for more information. "What did you do?"+

"Me?" he feigned concern, "nothing at all. It's the rogues he has to worry about. See, he's got himself into a little death match right as we speak, maybe if you go now you can catch him," 2

A surge of realization hit me, and my eyes widened. Without further hesitation, I turned on my heels and sprinted back to where I had left Haden. +

Bounding through the forest, the pulse of anxiety quickening my steps, I retraced my path back to the spot where I had left Haden. An unsettling feeling of fear coursed through me, pushing me further in the labyrinth of trees surrounding us. +

I tried using the mind-link but my panic was getting in the way of logic; I really needed to get this mind-link thing down. +

As I approached, the sounds of the forest gave way to the distant rumble of Haden's voice. Drake's cryptic revelation about a rogue attack echoed in my mind, and I wasn't sure what to expect. +

What my eyes landed on was far worse than what I could've possibly imagined.+

Emerging from the foliage, I found Haden still near the waterfall, his attention drawn to the dozen of wolves circling him. The raw feelings from our earlier argument lingered, but the urgency of the situation demanded immediate attention.1

"Haden!" I called out, my voice cutting through the barks and growls. +

His eyes flicked to me, registering a mix of surprise and curiosity. "Zara, leave now."+

His immediate order didn't sit well with me and I frowned at him, watching as he snapped at the wolf who made a move in my direction. +

"I'm not leaving you," I protested but he didn't spare a glance in my direction, his focus dead set on the plague of rogues looking ready to attack any minute. +

"Leave," he growled louder. +

"No!" I growled back before shifting to my wolf and hardening my gaze at the wolf closest to me. They thought they could come here and attack without any fightback. +

Think again. +

With deliberate steps, Haden positioned himself between me and the group of twelve rogues, his gaze sharp and vigilant. The air crackled with tension, the forest around us holding its breath, as if aware that the delicate balance had shifted.+

The rogues eyed us hungrily, angrily, their collective energy a volatile undercurrent in the clearing. Haden's stance radiated authority, a silent proclamation that any aggression would be met with unwavering resolve.+

His eyes flicked across the faces of the rogues, assessing each one, searching for signs of hostility or compliance. We were at a complete standstill. A dance of uncertainty played out in the charged atmosphere, and we both conveyed both caution and readiness.+

I snapped at the one who tried to come at me but I didn't see the one that leaped over Haden and took a bite right into my neck. I cried out, the canines of the rogue sinking deep into my fur. +

And then I heard him growl. +

The ferocious growl erupted from Haden's chest, a loud and menacing sound that brought a new level of frost and fear. I whined in pain trying to shake the wolf of me, but he was latched on like glue. My ears perked up at the sound of clothes shredding and, in seconds, the rogue was torn away from me and his head was snapped. +

His eyes, usually the calming sight of the midnight sky, now flickered with an intensity that echoed the furious, untamed spirit of his wolf. We locked eyes and once I whimpered, his gaze slowly turned to the wolves before us. They tensed at the unmistakable display of dominance, a primal understanding passing between the werewolves in the clearing.2

Then Haden lunged. +

Fueled by rage, he crossed the space between them in full force, his motions a bit of a blur as I tried to rise to my feet. The rogues, caught off guard by the ferocity of his assault, scrambled to react, but it was too late for them. +

His first target, a rogue with a scarred face, found himself overpowered, a swift and decisive takedown leaving him incapacitated on the forest floor.+

I whimpered, blood coating my white fur at the swift movement. My feet shook as I tried to stand, the burning sensation on my neck causing me to fall on my stomach in a heap. +

Through my blurred vision, I watched Haden as he impressively took down rogue after rogue. He was ruthless, calculated, and lethal – a symphony of true precision and the embodiment of a predator closing in on its prey.+

The man held nothing back as he continued to hit them with calculated strikes, seamlessly transitioning from one opponent to the next. I whimpered as one of the rogues bit his leg but he managed to shake him off. +

Come on, Zara, get a grip. +

I tried standing to my feet again, ignoring the pain shooting through my body and lifting my paws to walk closer to the fight. The adrenaline pumped through me, the pain a fleeting memory as I lunged at the one who dared to attack my mate. 2

He snarled viciously, circling me in an effort to find my weak spot but by the time he moved towards my neck, I already bit into his and tore him apart. +

+

45 -  Borrowing The Torch+

HADEN+

+

        Waking up in the pack infirmary, the acrid scent of antiseptic filled my nostrils. A low growl escaped my throat as I sprung up, immediately scanning the room for Zara. Flashes of the fight with the rogues blinded my sight and all I could think of was her. She couldn't have been caught. +

She couldn't have. +

I couldn't let what happened the last time – the terror I unleashed when she was gone... fuck. The urgency to ensure her safety overwhelmed any consideration for my own injuries.+

Swinging my legs to the side of the bed, I ripped the cords away from my arms just as Conner entered the room. His haunted gaze immediately found my eyes, his expression a mix of concern and relief. +

Before he could utter a word, I demanded, "Where's Zara?"+

Conner sighed, "She's fine Haden. Luckily – for you and us all – you killed the last of the rogues and we got there just in time. She's safe, Haden."+

The words were assurance, but they would never be enough. Not for me and certainly not for my wolf. +

"Where?" I growled at him, flinging the cords on the bed. He gave a nod to the right and without hesitation, I hurried to find her, my mind grappling with the tumult of emotions that had surfaced during the encounter with the rogues.+

Zara was getting up from her bed when I entered the room. Not willing to waste a second more, I stormed up to her and grabbed her face with my hands, capturing her lips in a fervent kiss. At her surprised gasp, I used the opportunity to deepen the kiss, our tongues playing the game of fire and ice. 3

When we broke apart, I rested my forehead against hers and sighed, grateful to the gods that she was safe in my arms. I checked her over, my hands running over her shoulders, ensuring she was unharmed. A frown made its way to my lips at the change in her scent, another consequence of this attack, I thought as I titled her head to the side. +

When that wolf bit into her, it was like someone was ripping my own heart out of my chest, something I never wanted to feel again. +

"I'm fine, I'm fine," she muttered, gently swatting my hands away. I saw her eyes run down my own form, and I knew her wolf was doing the same thing – ensuring her mate was unharmed after such a brutal attack.+

Brutal attack.+

At that though, a subsequent growl escaped my lips and I gripped her shoulders. "What the fuck were you thinking?"+

"What do you mean what was I thinking? Are you being serious right now?" she growled right back.+

"Do you have any idea how dangerous that was? What if you had been taken? What if you had been killed? Do you have any idea how fucked up that would be for this pack? For me?"+

"There's no possible way you're switching this around on me! Those rogues had you outnumbered! There was no way in hell that I was leaving you behind. If you think otherwise, then you're an absolute dumbass and you have no idea who I am."+

"You could have been killed!"+

"So could you!" she screamed back, "how the fuck do you think I took it seeing my mate drop to his knees practically lifeless. If it wasn't for the link to the pack, which you should be damn lucky that I remembered how to do by the way, then both of us wouldn't be here right now."+

I glowered at her, my temper still sizzling beneath my skin. +

"You should have left when I told you to,"+

"And how many times are you going to learn that I don't fucking listen to you?" she snapped, "if my mate is in danger then I'm in danger. We fight together or we don't fight at all."7

My wolf stirred within me, clearly liking that comment but I didn't. I wanted to protect her from everything. I would chase our enemies to the ends of the Earth to keep her safe. The gravity of the situation hung heavy in the air, and I couldn't shake the fear that lingered constantly in my head – the possibility of losing her.+

I couldn't ignore what the rogue said on his deathbed.+

The Rogue King is coming, precious Alpha, and you all will be conquered. +

The irritating voice still rang in my head, along with a slight headache, and I cursed inwardly. The bastard was getting stronger and stronger with every day that passed. We needed to do something, and we needed to do something now. +

Turning to Conner, I knew it was time to address the pack. +

"Gather the entire pack together for an emergency pack meeting," I cooly said, "we need to prepare for what's coming."+

"What's coming?"+

I stared him dead in the eyes, knowing that the fate of the pack would rest on our next actions. "War."+

+

        I had the decency to throw on a T-shirt and proper jeans before making my way to the meeting room. I ignored the shots of pain across my shoulder and stomach, my focus steady on the task at hand. Whispers and murmurs walked the room until I got there, fleeing in the distance with every step I took toward the stage. Once I stepped to the podium, the room was dead silent. +

"Ladies and gents, thank you all for gathering this evening on such short notice," I greeted them.+

"Good evening Alpha," they greeted back.+

My hard gaze scanned the room and they returned to silence. "I have urgent news to bring to the pack. Earlier today... the Luna and I were attacked by rogues."+

Instantly, the room erupted in shouts and exclamations, an outrage that I knew was coming. As the Alpha, I could feel their rage through the bond and it fueled my wolf more than it should have. +

At the raise of my hand, they slowly found silence again. "While we both remain unharmed, one of the rogues said one thing as he took his last breath – the Rogue King is coming."+

Once again, outbursts flooded the room and this time fear was among the emotions felt in the room. I raised my hand again but this time, the panic didn't seize. +

"Everyone settle down!" I growled in my Alpha command, sighing when they all obeyed, "You all know the history of this pack with the Rogue King. What we had to endure, what we had to rebuild, the sacrifices we had to give along the way. I want to assure you all right here, right now, that the pack will remain strong.+

"I took over this pack in a state of panic, and I will not allow that to happen again – I promise you all this," my eyes hardened as I looked at them, "this time it is the Rogue King that will fall. Our warriors are dedicated, our allies are stronger than ever before, and no one will break us. The Rogue King will meet his end the minute he sets a toe on this land!"+

At the reassurance, they cheered and I felt the panic subdue from the room – only slightly, but it was a start.+

"I tell you this as your Alpha – your guide, your protector, your leader – that we will not have history repeat itself. I will proudly stand for this pack until my last days, who will stand with me? How many of you will stand with me to face the Rogue King?"+

+

46 -  The Chill Beneath The Char+

ZARA+

+

         The room hung heavy with anticipation as Harley's revelation about Drake echoed in the air. How in the hell was this possible? How could he have even been walking around the pack without being detected?+

"How do you know Drake?" a question was hurled at me. +

My mind flashed back to when we first met, a chilling night after one of my many fights with Haden. The conversation was casual, and he spoke so calmly as if he belonged. +

Then he kidnapped me. +

The term knowing Drake didn't seem to quite cover it. +

"How do you know Drake?" I threw the question back at Greyson, narrowing my eyes at him. I didn't miss the looks being shared between him and Harley. They definitely knew something. +

"It's not good manners to answer a question with a question," Greyson sneered. 3

I raised a brow. "I know you're not coming down on me about bad manners."2

"Just answer the question," he snapped. +

"I don't know Drake," I clarified, "my brother Luca knows him better than I do. He managed to reunite us as we were coming back to the pack."+

"I didn't know you had a brother," Harley voiced, her brows furrowed. "Why would Drake bother with reuniting you with your brother? He wasn't one to do favors unless it served him."+

"We had been separated since we were children; after our parents were attacked by the Rogue King. We couldn't have been more than –"+

"I'm not interested in the sob story," Greyson interrupted, "what does this reunion have to do with Drake?"2

I glared. "If you only let me finish and stop being a prick then maybe you'll see."+

Greyson didn't care, he simply continued his speech. "Drake only cares about power and control. He isn't going around frolicking in a field of daisies and reuniting loved ones. Drake is only interested when power is involved."+

I opened my mouth to snarl at him, but Haden gripped my hand and said, "In this, there is power involved. Zara and her brother, Luca, are both the children of two Alphas."+

Shock painted Harley and Greyson's faces as they slowly turned their gaze toward me, their eyes glazed over with curiosity. Once the words fully registered, Greyson cursed repeatedly under his breath as he turned his back to us, with Harley taking a more composed approach as she took two steps toward him. 2

"It might not be what you think it is," Harley said. +

I glanced at Haden, and we both shared a look of confusion, wondering what they could have up their sleeves next. +

"You know that's exactly what this is!" Greyson growled, his fists clenching and unclenching. +

I glanced behind me and saw that we were all wearing confused looks on our faces. +

Haden must've noticed the same because he demanded them to clarify. Greyson, in a display of frustration, slammed his fist against the wall. +

Clearly, he wasn't going to be the one to explain. +

Harley sighed. "Drake was a power-hungry psychopath, driven by an obsession with power. He wanted to have it all and he did," she paused, glancing at Greyson behind her, "Years ago, Drake manipulated Greyson and his younger brother, Hudson making them believe that they could share the Alpha title by splitting the pack in two. It would have been the first pack to be ruled by two Alphas."+

Haden immediately shook his head. +

"Impossible. Alphas can't share roles within the same pack. Our pride alone would get in the way and have us clashing with each other constantly."+

Harley smiled sadly as she nodded, "Exactly, but Drake presented the idea that he would perform a spell or give them some sort of elixir to reduce the... Alpha tendencies. Greyson and Hudson were both young and naive; they didn't know that it was a trap. They only knew that they didn't want to fight to the death to decide who would be Alpha."+

"They were twins," Abigale breathed out. +

Harley smiled and nodded. "Yes, they were twins and," she shifted her gaze to me, "they were the sons of two Alphas."+

The room fell into a stunned silence as the weight of that revelation settled in. From what I was told, being the children of two Alphas was a rare occurrence, and to hear that Greyson was also just like me was mind-boggling.+

"Where's your brother then?" I asked him. +

Greyson, after a lingering gaze at Natalia, turned his attention to me, "Not here. We need to have a plan in place to get rid of Drake. Call Luca over here so we can come up with a plan, he knew the bastard after all."+

I folded my arms, already knowing that it was going to be an uphill battle. "He's not going to make his way here in the middle of the night."1

"And I don't want him in my territory. He's got land for himself now," Haden chimed in making me roll my eyes. +

"Let's just go over there," Conner suggested, "this is too important."+

The decision was made, and we all huddled in two black SUVS as we drove to the edge of the pack. Haden intertwined our fingers as he drove, and I glanced at the figure in the back seat. Natalia was glancing out the window, looking into the darkness as the trees zoomed by in a blur. 2

Since she met that bastard, she's been different. Her ideals of the perfect mate were now history, and I could tell that it was disappointing for her. I opened my mouth to express my concern when the houses of Luca's new territory came into view. +

We parked first, and I looked back at the second SUV trailing us and watched Conner, Abigale, Greyson, and Harley hop out.+

It fell on me to knock on the door and call for my brother. +

"Luca! Luca!"+

After a few minutes, Luca, looking sleepy and shirtless, opened the door. His eyes found mine before they widened at the group behind me, his senses becoming more alert. The question hung in the air as he asked, "What the hell's going on?"+

+

+

              Luca's eyes widened in disbelief at the mention of Drake's dark history. +

"Drake? No way he's..." he vehemently denied, "there's no way Drake could have done anything like that."+

"But you knew he was a warlock?" Harley asked. +

Luca gave her a look as he shrugged. "It wasn't something he confirmed often, but I saw the signs. I knew he wasn't a wolf, since I'd never seen him shift, but I could tell he wasn't just human."+

"Yeah, a real saint he is, keeping things under the radar," Greyson sneered. +

Luca shook his head, confusion rolling off of him like waves. "Look, whatever you think you know about Drake, you've got it all wrong. Sure, the guy can be a prick sometimes but he isn't the manipulative type. I've known him for years."+

+

47 -  Ashes To Ashes+

ZARA+

+

           Greyson didn't waste any time, stepping forward with his fists clenched with rage and landing a punch squarely on Drake's face, eliciting a spurt of blood.2

Drake's lips twitched with a smirk as he spat out the blood and quipped, "Missed me, did you?"+

"Go to hell," Greyson shot back, barely containing his own anger.+

Drake, seemingly unfazed, widened his smirk. "Whenever you're ready, dear."+

Before the tension could escalate further, Haden intervened, stepping forward from my side and glaring at the two men. "What the hell do you want?"+

Drake's gaze shifted from Greyson to Haden as he responded, "World peace."4

I could see the irritation on Haden's face so before he gave any remarks, I stepped forward and eyed Drake. "Quit playing your games, we're not interested in this tit-for-tat you seem to enjoy. Now tell us what you want."+

After a tense standoff, Drake finally sighed and said, "Though I enjoy my games, blondie, this one isn't one of mine. What I'm trying to do... what I'm hoping to do is protect you lot from the Rogue King."3

I tensed and the silence behind me spoke volumes. No one responded to what he revealed, not knowing what to say. My eyes narrowed as I tried to think of a response but Greyson beat me to it.+

"He's lying," he sneered, cursing as he spun back to where he stood and ran a hand through his hair. "Whatever the bastard says is a fucking lie. He can't help himself."+

"Contrary to popular belief," Drake started, his voice calm despite Greyson's outburst, "I do have a vested interest in keeping the peace, albeit for my own reasons."+

His words hung heavy in the air, leaving us all to ponder their meaning. It was hard to trust someone like Drake, a master manipulator with his own agenda, but I could sense the sincerity in his tone and his eyes showed how serious he was. There was a glimmer of truth in his words, buried beneath layers of deception.+

Haden narrowed his eyes at Drake. "And what exactly are these reasons?"+

Drake chuckled, a sly smile playing on his lips. "Ah, my dear Alpha, that is a secret I'll keep for now. But rest assured, it aligns with your interests as well."+

My brows furrowed and I exchanged a glance with Haden, uncertainty flickering in his eyes. Could we trust Drake, even a little? Or was this just another ploy in his elaborate game?+

"How?" I questioned him. +

Rolling his eyes, he slowly paced to the left as his hands waved in the air. "Noticed any glowing blue lines lately? Courtesy of yours truly – you're welcome for that by the way. Do you know how hard it was to draw a protection spell across this annoyingly large pack?"+

"Wait, the blue glowing line was you?" Conner's voice rang from behind me.+

Halting in his pace, he glanced at Conner and asked, "Did you think the garden gnomes did it? The protection spell was put on the pack after what happened in Mount Luna."+

"Why?" I pressed, still not understanding his angle. He was so against the pack when I first met him, why was he trying to protect it now?+

"Let's just stick to the line of it being in both our best interests, shall we? It was all necessary, much like my role in helping you escape that night."+

I stared at him coldly. +

"You didn't help me escape, you kidnapped me," I snarled at him.+

"Details," he shrugged with a smile on his face, "it helped you get to your brother, didn't it? I'd say it was a fair trade."+

The tension in the air thickened at the mention of the kidnapping, and Haden moved towards him, like a predator stalking his prey. His attack was swift, punching him in the face before grabbing him by the throat and lifting him. +

"You think this is funny?" Haden snarled.+

"Hey, easy there," Drake remarked, his demeanour calming as if it was just another Tuesday, "my face is one of my best assets."3

"I could kill you right here, right now, and not lose a single night's sleep over it," Haden growled, fueled with rage.+

"Now, now, let's not resort to violence. We're all civilized beings here, aren't we? Besides, if you kill me, you'd never learn what the Rogue King was planning," Drake offered, eyes twinkling as he realized he had the upper hand. I took it as my sign to step forward and stop Haden from ripping him to pieces.+

"Enough! We need to hear him out," I told Haden, my voice cutting through the tension like a blade.+

Haden's grip tightened on Drake's throat, but he reluctantly released him, his eyes never leaving the warlock's face.+

Drake straightened his collar with a nonchalant flick of his hand, seemingly unfazed by the threat. "Awe, I knew you always liked me, blondie."+

"Answer my questions," I demanded, my stare hard.+

"What was your question again? I can't seem to get my thoughts together tonight, you know, with all the punches to my face and all," he added with an innocent grin.+

"I've had enough of these games," Haden growled but I stepped up to stop him. +

"Enough," I snarled at him, making him look into my eyes. We shared a look before I turned to face Drake again. "Tell us why you're here and why you think your interests align with ours."+

Drake's smirk widened as he waved his hand around and immediately, a chair materialized behind him and he flopped down. He folded his legs together, getting quite comfortable, before glancing up at us. At another wave, chairs popped up around us and he invited us to sit and listen to what he had to say. +

"The protection spell was necessary," he began as serious eyes scanned the group, "it's a barrier of sorts, designed to keep unwanted guests out. And as for the reason I'm here..." He trailed off, a knowing glint in his eyes.+

Greyson's patience was wearing thin. "Quit stalling! What the fuck do you know?"+

"Come on Drake," I started, "tell us what you know."+

Drake leaned back in his chair, his gaze flickering between both of us. "Very well. But first, let me make one thing clear: my allegiance lies with no one but myself. I am not your enemy, nor am I your ally. I am merely a man with a vested interest in keeping the balance."+

Haden snorted derisively but Drake didn't look his way. +

"As I mentioned to Luca here, I was in New York for a little bit. While I was there, I got... intertwined with a coven of witches."+

"We don't need to hear about your filthy bedtime habits, Drake," Harley's voice reigned in from behind us and I held my snicker.3

Rolling his eyes, Drake continued, "After we had our little fun, they mentioned the Rogue King and what he's been doing to the packs across Northern America. Naturally, I couldn't care what happened – I'm not a werewolf after all – but then they mentioned all this nonsense about the Moon Goddess and Sun God."+

+

48 -  Withering Possibilities+

HADEN+

+

        The days that followed were marked by an eerie calm, like the quiet before a storm. We took advantage of the quiet to focus on training and honing our skills, knowing that we needed to be prepared for whatever challenges lay ahead, which explained my presence in the field today, arms in front of my face to act as a barrier as Conner threw his punches and kicks.+

Our movements were fluid and focused, both giving it everything we've got, never holding back. We were preparing for war – we had to be ready for anything and everything. +

"Getting a bit soft, Alpha?" Conner taunted as he threw one punch, but as the next one came I quickly grabbed his wrist and twisted, watching his face morph into pain. Then, I twisted and turned as I flipped his body to the floor and had my knee at his throat.+

"Well played, Alpha," he barely managed to breathe out as he tapped out.+

Smirking, I lifted my weight off him and stood, offering a hand to help him stand. As his eyes locked with mine, a challenge gleamed in his eyes, but before he could say a word, a shout came from my left.+

"Finished playing grab-ass?!" Greyson exclaimed with a confident smile on his face and I raised a brow at him, "How about a one-on-one?"+

He stepped forward, eager for his turn making me chuckle amused at his challenge. +

"Sure you want to be kicked around in front of your men, Greyson?" I rebutted, nodding to Conner who withdrew himself from the field. 2

Greyson smirked and threw a punch, one I managed to dodge as we circled each other. The tension in the air crackled with anticipation. I could see the determination in his eyes, matched only by my own resolve to prove myself in this duel.+

With a swift movement, Greyson launched another attack, his fist aimed directly at me. I countered with a quick block, then retaliated with a series of strikes of my own, each one calculated and precise.+

Our movements were a dance of strength and skill, each of us pushing the other to our limits. The sound of our blows echoed through the training grounds, a testament to the intensity of our duel.+

Despite Greyson's formidable skill, I held my ground, matching him blow for blow. We were evenly matched, both Alphas willing to back down until one of us emerged victorious.+

As the duel continued, I could feel the eyes of the pack watching us, their support fueling my determination. This wasn't just a fight between Greyson and me—it was a demonstration of our readiness and strength, all of us willing to stop at nothing until the threat was eliminated. +

"Ah!" a scream came from the far left, a familiar voice that immediately drew Greyson's attention. +

Using the opportunity of his distracted figure, I delivered a decisive blow that sent Greyson staggering backwards. With a final, determined effort, I sent a kick to his abdomen, driving home the victory and sending him flat on his back. +

I watched in amusement as he slowly peered up to look at me and I folded my arms. +

"That doesn't count," he growled lowly, jumping to his feet and marching over to where Natalia was. She was in her own sparring session, lying on her back just as her mate had just seconds ago. +

Greyson approached the pair, and I saw the she-wolf cower under his harsh glare before she scurried away. Greyson turned to look down at Natalia, a blank expression on his face. The look they shared reminded me of the early days of my relationship with Zara; defiance and destruction. 2

Greyson extended his hand after a while, offering her some assistance to rise to her feet. I heard Conner's chuckle when Natalia pushed the hand away and stood on her own, walking away from Greyson without a second glance and going towards Zara on the opposite side of the field.+

"Those two are just as stubborn as you and Zara," said Conner. +

I shook my head, my eyes still focused on the pair. "No way, we weren't that insufferable."+

"You think so, huh?" +

Then, I looked at Conner and watched the playful smirk on his lips. +

"Back to training," I ordered. +

The smirk didn't leave his lips, much to my irritation. "Of course, Alpha."+

Greyson's frustration was palpable as he returned to me.+

"You, uh, alright there Greyson?" I asked, trying to hide my amusement. +

He glared, holding up his hands again his focus now solely on our sparring match. But before we could continue, I got a mind-link from James.+

Haden, we have... well, something, his voice rang in my head, making me hold up a hand to Greyson as I stepped aside.+

What's going on? I asked James.+

Too much, he answered, the first being... I found my mate.1

At that, I grinned. Well, it's about damn time.+

Yeah, well, it's not all celebrations just yet. She's a part of the Saros Shadows, he admitted, but she... she doesn't seem to know what's going on with the pack and its relation to the Rogue King. Haden, she... she was running away from the Alpha when I found her.1

At that, I frowned but waited for him to continue before I jumped in.+

It was like she was Fear incarnated! She won't tell me, but my mind is going crazy with the possibilities. Whatever that bastard did to her... it left her in shambles and I'm going to rip his head off for ever putting that look of fear in her eyes. +

Okay, well, let's just take it easy, I tried to be the voice of reason. If he went all guns blazing, we'd risk compromising everything. +

I'm not going to! he growled harshly, your Beta does have some sense, you know, but damned if I don't want to tear his head off. Listen, that's not the only thing. Amelia, my mate, mentioned she overheard something before she ran away. +

Well? I pressed.+

The Alpha of the Saros Shadows plotting with the Rogue King, James mentioned, apparently the madman has been keeping residence there – right in the Alpha's quarters – as he dangled power in the face of Alpha Caine. He blindly followed the Rogue King's every order, no questions asked. We were right about them from the start, we just didn't know how deep the connection was.+

I'd say it's pretty fucking deep now, I sneered. Conner looked at me with a raised brow but I shook my head.+

Exactly. The last thing is a bit trickier to explain. The last few days, we've been watching the pack warriors run around and train, and it wasn't until Amelia showed up that we knew what they were planning. The entire pack got a mind-link that their grand plan was to attack three packs simultaneously; ours, Bryon's, and Cannon's. Mount Luna is in ruins so now they have easy access to all three packs.+

Son of a bitch, I cursed. Son of a fucking bitch.+

Sounds like a party, right, now here's the cake for you, James continued, though they broadcasted that to the entire pack, Amelia swears she heard that they would only attack the Tritons. The Rogue King wants to claim his throne and said what better way than to conquer the Triton Kings. +

+

49 -  Engulfed By Heat+

HADEN+

+

           I hurried towards the meeting room from the confines of my office, my mind racing with what James mentioned to me earlier. There was no time to waste and we needed everyone on the same page before this attack happened. +

Three days.+

That's all we had to go off on. That's how long we had to prepare before everything either went to shit or not. I dug out my phone from my back pocket as I walked, scrolling through contacts as I tried to find Alex's number. +

When I finally joined the Alphas, I wasted no time in addressing the reason for their assembly. +

"Alex is on the line as well," I immediately informed them, my voice carrying a note of urgency. "He'll be representing the Crown in all this."+

"Why did you wake us out of bed this late, Pierce? It's been a pretty hectic night," Bryon complained, but a sly smirk was on his lips. +

"Oh, don't be crude," Harley uttered. +

Bryon's smirk widened as he leaned forward. "Oh baby, I can be whatever you want me to be, with the right motivation."+

Harley leaned forward, matching his flirtatious gaze. "My kind of motivation is something you can't even begin to comprehend."+

"Haden?" Alex's voice came from the phone in my hand. "What's going on?"+

"Enough of this," I told the Alphas before laying the phone on the table and peering at them all. "Alex, you're here with Greyson, Harley, Bryon, Cannon, Stephan, Conner,  and myself. We've got seriously troubling news from James on the Rogue King and the Alpha of the Saros Shadows."+

Stephan's curiosity piqued at the mention of the Rogue King and Alpha Caine's involvement, prompting him to inquire further. +

"You've found something else besides the attack on Mount Luna?" +

I gave him a nod. +

"Yes, James managed to stumble on some information that would benefit us all. While out there, James found his mate and apparently, she heard some crucial information while in Alpha Caine's pack."+

Stephen raised a brow. "Information like what?"+

Then I told them everything, watching their expressions go from calm to angry and concerned. The tension in the room thickened as the Alphas wrapped their heads around the impending attack, a chilling night air entering the large space through the cracks in the window.+

"T-Three days?" Bryon stuttered.+

"And you have no idea if he's going to attack just the Tritons or all of us?" Stephen asked.+

"No, we got two different sides of the story, but the Rogue King has his eyes set on this pack. He failed once and that's his driving force, so he'll attack here for sure, but we have no way of figuring out if the other packs will be involved as well."+

"But why would he tell the Alpha one thing and the Alpha tell the pack another?" Harley mused.+

I shrugged, the thought crossing my mind already. "No idea, but from what I know of the Rogue King, he's the one calling the shots. It could either be that the Alpha is cruel and greedy, wanting to gain all the packs at once, or that the Rogue King told the Alpha to present the idea of attacking three packs so that if any word gets out then it doesn't spoil his grand plan."+

Conner nodded in agreement. +

"Either way, I'm not asking you all to step away from your own packs in the hopes of having you come here. You all have a duty to protect your own people just like I do." +

Greyson leaned forward, his expression serious. "So, what's our move?"+

I took a deep breath, my mind racing with strategies and countermeasures to put an end to all this madness. "First, we need to fortify our defences," I started, my voice steady as I looked at everyone seated in the room, "We'll double up on the patrols and set up additional lookout points around the perimeter. We can't afford to let them catch us off guard."+

"For once, I agree with Little Pierce," Harley chimed in, her tone resolute, as she ignored my glare. +

"We'll need to coordinate with neighboring packs as well. There's no way we can face this threat alone. If they attack now..." Conner trailed off, glancing at me with a concerned look.+

"Our men are capable enough," I told him.+

"Not to handle Saros and the Rogue Kings men combined. They dismantled Mount Luna in one sweep, Haden. We have the numbers, there's no denying that, but so do they," Conner objected. +

Bryon nodded in agreement, his gaze flickering with determination. "I'll rally my pack and ensure we're ready for whatever comes our way. I appreciate the heads up, Haden. Honestly, without it, we would be wiped away just as fast as Mount Luna was – if not faster."+

I nodded at him, dismissively waving a hand his way. "We're allies, Bryon. You'd do it for me. Besides, we –"+

My words were interrupted when the door opened, a loud creak as it slowly peeled away and hit the wall behind it. Emerging from the shadows was Zara with her arms looped with her brother's.+

"What's the rogue doing here, Zara?" I sighed, running a hand down my face.+

"Rogue?" Cannon grunted, looking over at Luca with the same distasteful look in his eyes. +

"He's not a rogue," Zara firmly stated, her gaze fixed on me, "he's an Alpha and he has a right to be here just like the rest of you."+

"Rogues have no rights here," Cannon insisted, glaring at Luca.1

My mate, feisty as ever, glared right back. +

"Alright, alright, enough," I stopped, cursing under my breath, "we don't have time for this. Luca grab a seat and shut up."+

"Whatever you say, your Royal HighAss," he replied smartly before taking a seat beside a chuckling Harley. +

Still visibly disgruntled by Luca's presence, Cannon grumbled something unintelligible under his breath and folded his arms across his chest. Zara shot him a stern look before turning back to me.+

"What about our offensive strategy?" she asked, her voice firm.+

"Their plan is to attack us first," I reiterated, my tone solemn as I stared into her eyes. "They believe they have the numbers to overwhelm us and that the attack is a surprise."+

"They're underestimating you, assuming we'll be caught off guard," Luca mused.+

I nodded. "Exactly, which is why we'll use this knowledge to our advantage and take them down."+

"The thing is," Cannon began, "if we already know that Saros is full of shit and they're harbouring this madman, why don't we just invade their lands and take them head-on. Why go on defence when we can go on offence?"+

"Because it'll be risky for everyone involved," Stephan objected, "especially if they already have the numbers and if they diverted men to the packs earlier. If we let the plan fall into place, we give them the impression that their plan is still on track," he explained.+

+

50 -  Reign and Reignited+

ZARA+

+

        I groaned, my brows scrunching together and I shifted positions in bed. But still, I couldn't seem to shake the feather-like tingles on my bare stomach. I moved again before blinking my eyes open, only narrowing them as they adjusted to the sudden intrusion of light. +

And there he was.+

The feature-like tingles on my skin came as a result of Haden leaving a trail of kisses on my stomach. +

"What are you doing?" I groggily asked him as I peered down at him, my fingers unconsciously sweeping over the strands of hair in his face. +

He gave me a cheeky smile. +

"Enjoying this quality time with my mate," he offered before his kisses continued, leading him from my stomach up to my breasts. He took a nipple in his mouth and my back instinctively arched, the pleasure soaring through me. +

I had never felt anything like this before. The heights of pleasure this man could give was beyond words. But I surrendered to it, to him as my body completely relaxed in his arms. +

I pulled on his hair, dragging him up so his lips could connect with mine. The heat trapped us in, as if its only goal was to forge us together as one. We twisted and turned, both of us lost in the depths of the mate bond. It was a magnetic pull that almost seemed to strengthen with the acts of last night forging the bonds like fire to steel. +

Passionately, we kissed as if our lives depended on it –  and it did. He hooked my leg on his hips as our lips moved in sync before he sunk into me.+

"Fuck," we both cursed, almost breathless as the new sensation. +

He was still for a moment, almost relishing the way my body clenched to his, before he started his slow, agonizing strokes.+

My soft moans filled the room and my eyes fluttered close, choosing to feel nothing but the pleasure this man gave. My mate. Mine. +

"You feel so good," I groaned, my hands running down his back, tracing his toned muscles and pulling him closer to me. +

I didn't miss the devilishly playful smirk on his lips or the gleam in his eyes, I only felt his pace pick up and his hands grabbed my waist as he drilled into me. +

Flesh against flesh, skin against skin, two souls merging into one. My breathing labored and his grip tightened, both of us knowing that we were charging towards a cliff that would help us see the stars. +

"Open your eyes, look at me princess," he demanded and, if he didn't say it, I wouldn't have realized they were closed. They shot open on command, my body responding to his every need –  my body belonging to him and only him. +

His chest shook at the low growl of approval and his eyes morphed into a light shade of gold. +

His wolf. +

In that second, his canines extended and immediately sunk into the mark on my neck. My vision blurred and my body shook viciously as the orgasm pulsed through me. +

"Oh yes!" my scream echoed in the room. +

"Fuck," he groaned, pulling out of me and finding his own release before flopping down beside me in the bed. 5

Ragged breathing and rapid heartbeats found company in the silent room as we both descended slowly from Cloud Nine.+

"Mmhm, you're addictive, princess," he mumbled after a while, chuckling as he glanced at me before launching himself up from the bed and walking stark naked to the closet.+

I breathed out a lazy laugh, my gaze following him with interest as my fingers gently ran across the soft silk bed sheets. +

"Who's bed did we defile anyway?" I questioned, looking around the room decorated with dark decor. +

"Mine," he threw the word over his shoulder.+

My eyebrows bunched together and I looked back at him. "Yours? I thought your room was down the hall. The one where..." I trailed off, my thoughts invaded by the night I was taken from this house. +

"I had our things moved after you were attacked," he mentioned. "It's slightly smaller than the other one, but it'll do for now. Besides, this is only temporary. I'm having a house built for us not far from here."+

I gaped at him,+

"You're serious?" I asked, disbelief coloring my tone as I processed his words.+

Turning to face me, Haden flashed a sly smile over his shoulder, his gaze holding mine with an intensity that sent a shiver down my spine. "Well we can't stay in the pack house forever, princess," he replied, his voice laced with assurance. "I want us to have something that is ours. Once this mess with the Rogue King is all sorted, we can start settling into our lives as mates and leaders of this pack."+

The realization hit me like a wave, stirring a mix of emotions I struggled to comprehend. The scary thing wasn't that I couldn't see a future with him, it was that now I couldn't see one without him. +

All this time as a rogue, I had never truly considered the notion of having a home of their own. The idea of settling down in one place, of building a life together, felt foreign yet strangely enticing. I wanted this, and I wanted him. +

Lost in thought, I barely noticed as Haden approached, his presence comforting and reassuring as he peered over me. With a gentle touch, he leaned in, his warmth enveloping me as his nose barely brushed against mine.+

"If that isn't what you want..." he trailed off.+

My hand reached up to his jaw, my own way of reassuring him as a smirk came to my lips. "Well, it doesn't sound like the worst idea you've had."+

His chuckle didn't come as a surprise. Instead of a retort, he pecked my lips before saying, "I'm going to be in the field training with the men. Could you save us both the trouble of an argument after a very satisfying night and just stay in the room?"+

I frowned.+

"What why?"+

He pulled back, crossing the room and stuffing his phone in his pocket. "Because you're still in heat and I'd like to not kill my pack members today simply because they lost control of their wolves."+

I sunk back into the bed and let out a sigh.+

"If you want, you can have Natalia or Rebecca keep you company while I'm downstairs, and if you need me you can use the mind-link and I'll come right back."+

"Yeah, yeah, yeah," I muttered, staring at the ceiling. +

"Thank you," he sang as he happily headed out the door. As he left the room, I couldn't help but feel a sense of unease at the realization that mating with him had left me more vulnerable in ways I didn't anticipate.+

As the silence enveloped the room, I let out a pleasing sigh as I stretched my limbs, wincing at the ache between my legs. God, this man knew every way to please me, I mused as flashes of last night came to my mind. Round after round, we pushed our limits and finally collapsed after exhaustion won the battle.+

After a refreshing shower, I tossed through Haden's closet and decided on one of his short-sleeved T-shirts before being drawn to the full-length window. My arms folded across my chest as I watched the men training in the field below, catching sight of my mate barking orders at the men in his line of sight. +

+

51 - Go Up In Smoke+

ZARA+

+

         My eyes didn't leave the woman standing beside James, watching the way she tucked herself behind him and scanned the premises with scarred eyes. It was as if she expected something to come out and attack her. This wasn't the woman I remembered – not by a long shot. +

Soon after, the three of them shuffled together and walked towards the house. I watched them as the men chatted easily, but the woman stayed silent and held her head down. +

She was very different now. +

They eventually disappeared from view and I turned to look at Drake but he was already gone. Damn warlock, I cursed, looking out at the now empty field. Seeing the woman – a piece of my past – resurface like this was not something I expected. +

I had left that life a long time ago, my search for the Rogue King causing more harm to myself than good. I didn't need the past haunting me now; not when I had finally seemed to settle in one place. +

Sighing, I tugged at the shirt I wore and moved to the sliding doors. Just as I walked in, a smile stretched across my lips as I saw Haden standing there. +

"Hey," I greeted as I moved towards him.+

"Hey yourself," he greeted back, immediately wrapping his arms around my waist. I could feel a sense of relief flood the mate bond and I'm sure he felt the comfort from my side. I grew to like being in his arms like this. +

But he grew tense and pulled away, a low growl rumbling from his chest. "The next time Drake finds his way up here, I'm ripping his heart out of his chest."2

I giggled at his expression, easily breaking the tension when I made a move to cup his cheek. I stared into his eyes and shook my head in humor before pulling him down to connect our lips. At one touch, fire rippled through us and I felt his muscles slowly lose the tension.

As we parted, I finally posed the question, "Who was the woman with James?"+

"Ah, you saw," he grinned, hands resting on my hips and thoughts of Drake long forgotten, "James's new mate. She's a bit quiet, but then again I'm not used to quiet," he added with a smirk, chuckling when I hit him in the head.+

"Finished?" +

His smirk widened to my annoyance, pulling me closer. "Yes, ma'am."+

Rolling my eyes, I shoved him away and chuckled before moving to the bed. I heard his feet shuffle towards me before he reached for my waist and pulled me into his chest. He nuzzled my neck and my heart fluttered when he kissed the mark on my neck. +

His mark. +

"And if I wasn't?" he whispered in her ear, his breath tickling my ear and making me shiver. +

"We should go meet this mate of James," I mumbled back.

"Mhm, we'll get to that, but I can think of a few different things we can do before that," he said, smirking into my neck. The minute I felt his member poking into my lower back, I knew we wouldn't be going anywhere anytime soon.1

+

+

            When we finally managed to detangle ourselves from each other, we headed downstairs and found everyone lounging in the living room. The living room was filled with the comforting chatter of pack members. Haden and I exchanged glances, sharing a silent understanding as we joined the group gathered in the cozy space.+

Abigale and Natalia were engrossed in conversation, their laughter filling the air, while Logan sat nearby, munching on popcorn as his eyes were cast on the TV screen. Jenna and Maya seemed to be engrossed in conversation with the newcomer, though she seemed to be barely keeping up. +

"Amelia, this is my mate Zara and the Luna of this pack," Haden introduced as we stepped closer to them, "Zara, this is Amelia."+

I watched Amelia's gaze shift from Jenna to me and they widened for a few seconds before they cast down to her twiddling thumbs. Oh yeah, she remembers me alright, I mused. My eyes stayed focused on her for a bit, my mind running through possibilities that would explain the change in the woman who sat before her. +

What is it? I heard Haden ask Zara through the mind-link.+

I blinked, shaking my head at him before smiling. "Nothing, nothing. How about I show Amelia around? Get to know each other a little more."2

I saw Haden hesitate for a second, glancing over at James, but I was already walking over to Amelia. She stared at me with a puzzled but curious look as she stood.+

"Wait, Zara –" James began to protest, but I cut him off.+

"We'll be fine, I promise. We're just going to take a walk around the house and maybe out the field," I said with a reassuring smile. With that, I looped her hands with mine and walked down the hall. +

The walk was slow, silence walking with us as we patrolled the halls of the pack house. I glanced at her but she had her head down, obediently following every step I made. We passed the women in the kitchen and I gave a warm smile, nodding at them politely before turning around the corner.

"You remember me, don't you?" I asked forwardly, not willing to draw out this silence any longer. Besides, there was no point beating around the bush. +

I felt her jump at the sound of my voice. It seemed as if she was lost in her own thoughts. +

To my question, she gave a hesitant nod. "Yes, I remember you, though a lot has changed since we last met."+

"Clearly," I muttered, closing in on Haden's office. I opened the door and walked through, waiting for her to do the same before I closed the door behind her. Eager, yet timid eyes took in the space and I saw the quick flash of admiration for the decor before she looked at her feet again. +

"You were one of them looking for... for the man who killed," she mumbled, walking over to look out the window. "Did you find him?"+

I took two steps forward, tilting my head at her as I answered, "No, I didn't. He's a ghost and ghosts are good at hiding."+

She hummed. +

"I wish you did," she softly said, "what he's done since then has been much worse. He's the monster that haunts us all; a devil we can't escape."+

"What happened after I left?" I changed the subject, watching her tense up. She glanced back but didn't look at me fully.+

"I..." she trailed off. +

I walked past the desk and made my way to her, crossing the room and turning her to face me. +

"Tell me," I softly ordered her. +

She looked up at me with sad, detached eyes. "My words don't mean anything. They're nothing because I am nothing. Don't want to cause trouble."+

"What?"+

She swallowed and turned her gaze away again. "I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm –"+

"Stop it," I told her, "gosh, what the hell is wrong with you? Tell me what happened after I left Amelia. Talk to me."1

+

52 - Scorched To No End [Pt 1]+

HADEN+

+

            The night hung heavy with anticipation as we stood vigil along the border, every sense tuned to the slightest disturbance. The entire day had been like this – waiting, utterly frozen in time waiting on an attack that was sure to come. The air crackled with tension, each heartbeat echoing the silent countdown to impending chaos.+

James and Conner flanked me along the edge of the Northern border, their presence a reassuring anchor in the midst of uncertainty. +

"You know," James began, "I'm not going to be pleased if I die before breakfast tomorrow."+

Conner and I chuckled at his feeble attempt to ward off the weight of impending danger. In the face of looming peril, humor was our armor, however fragile it may be.+

"We're about to face hundreds of thousands of rogues and your main concern is breakfast tomorrow?" Conner questioned incredulously through his light chuckle.+

James merely shrugged. "Well that and getting back to my mate. I'm sure we're all feeling that sentiment."+

At that, thoughts of Zara filled my mind and I nodded. The thought of Zara waiting back at the pack house sent a surge of determination and reassurance through me. Knowing that she was tucked away safely was far more than I could ask for.+

"Hey, a man's gotta have priorities," I quipped with a smirk.+

"And one of your priorities includes calming that mate of yours. The entire house heard that fight when you asked her to stay behind with the women and children."+

At the mention of James's comment, I rolled my eyes and scowled, the latest argument coming back to me in flashes. She wasn't entirely ecstatic about staying behind, but it was for her own damn good. I wouldn't be able to focus on getting rid of these rogues and killing the Rogue King if I knew she was on the field.+

It was better for both of us that she was in hiding; if she was protected.+

"She calmed down a little after I mentioned she could protect the women and children should anything happen," Conner inputted.+

"She's used to taking care of problems by herself," I stated, "but once this Rogue King problem is dealt with then we can both settle in the Alpha-Luna role for the pack. We'll all be grateful for the settling part, and our mates can help each other out."+

"Absolutely," James affirmed, his voice firm with resolve. "Amelia will need a bit of time to... adjust, but once she does, she'll be an asset to the pack."+

I smirked at him. "You're already blinded by love. Awe, that's so cute."+

He rolled his eyes and opened his mouth to respond but the jesting ceased as a sudden commotion erupted right in front of us, shattering the stillness of the night. Without warning, we were engulfed in a frenzied onslaught of rogues, their vicious onslaught tearing through the tranquillity like a tempest unleashed.+

We shifted instantly, our instincts taking over as we leaped into action. The chaos of battle surrounded us, the clash of steel and the snarls of wolves filling the air as we fought tooth and nail against our relentless assailants.+

James and Conner had spread out from my side, their skill evident as we held our ground against the tide of wolves. Every swing of my claws, every thrust of my canines was met with an equal force from the rogues of the night, but we stood firm, determined not to yield an inch of ground.+

The night echoed with the sounds of combat, the scent of blood thick in the air as we fought on, driven by the unwavering resolve to protect our pack at all costs. As the chaos unfolded around us, I felt a surge of adrenaline course through my veins. Desperate cries from our pack members lingered in the air as they fought valiantly against the onslaught of enemies, but we never gave up.+

Alpha! There's a breach in the West! Repeat, there's a breach in the –+

I cursed as the mind-link went cold, a clear signal of another dead warrior. The rogues managed to breach the West and I could only hope that Greyson and Harley were handling the attack the West with everything they got.+

Ripping the head off one of the rogues in passing, I growled ferociously at the rest of them who dared to stand in my way. They would all meet their maker tonight. No rogue will slip through the cracks – none.+

Suddenly, another message crackled through the mind link, cutting through the chaos. Another breach in the East, Alpha! +

One of you get to the East border, I ordered at James or Conner.+

Kinda busy at the moment, James rebutted, having his own trouble with a rogue snapping at his neck. I growled and leaped over the bodies piling up and pulling the wolf off him, tearing into his neck, the blood dripping from my sharp teeth as he stumbled and fell to the forest floors.+

What happened to not dying tonight? I teased James as he stood on all fours. +

Haven't died yet, James replied with a toothy wolf grin, before launching at another rogue.+

The attacks went on for what seemed like hours, the bodies lining the floor more than the greenery of the grass. Blood and pieces of fur lay scattered under the midnight moon, and the stillness of the night didn't help with the smell of rotting wolf forms.+

Haden, the attack on the East border isn't from rogues. The Saros Shadows pack has arrived, Conner's voice echoed in my mind.+

The revelation sent a surge of rage coursing through me, but I knew I couldn't afford to lose focus. With a grim determination, I ordered James to stay and help me finish off the remaining rogues while I sprinted through the forest to help Conner deal with the cursed pack.+

They weren't a pack any more in my eyes. They were rogues, through and through. +

Despite our best efforts, the rogues continued to press us further into the field, their numbers overwhelming our dwindling forces. We were losing men fast, I could feel every death and it crippled me from the inside. Hope seemed to be slipping away with each passing moment, but I refused to give up without a fight.+

With a growl of defiance, I rallied our warriors, urging them to stand firm and fight to the last breath. We needed to get the rogues all in one place; we couldn't do separate sides of the battle anymore. +

Everyone, try as best as you can to push the rogue into the central field. It's the only place big enough for the fight, I demanded every fighter through the pack mind link, Alert the others of the change in plan. Repeating, move all fighting to the central field.+

As the battle raged on, I pushed myself further and further into the fight, every instinct honed towards survival. The combined forces of the rogues and the Saros Shadows wolves were overwhelming, pushing us to our limits and beyond. Despite our best efforts, their numbers seemed endless, and their ferocity unmatched.+

Fuck.+

We couldn't do this for much longer, I thought, letting my gaze wander across the field. Rogues surrounded us at every turn; there was no escape. Just when it seemed like all hope was lost, an ear-deafening howl came from the South.+

+

53 - Scorched To No End [Pt 2]+

HADEN2

+

           My paws thudded hard against the forest ground as I charged in the direction where the bastard disappeared. He wouldn't get away from here – not today, not ever. He would come face to face with Death today, wearing nothing but loss on his back. +

New depths of anger found me, anger that I didn't know I had. Suddenly, I wasn't just chasing him for myself; it was for my mate, my family, my pack. My entire life had been turned upside down by this man and he would pay for the damage he's caused. +

He was King of nothing and no one. Some parts of me took pride in seeing the victorious look wipe away from his smug face, but there was no time for pride. There would be enough time for that once I ripped him to pieces. +

The forest blurred into a mosaic of greens and browns as I raced through the wilderness, the first light of dawn casting long shadows around me. Every fibre of my being was focused on the hunt, my senses sharpened to their peak as I pursued my target.+

The fucking Rogue King. +

My heart pounded in my chest, adrenaline laced with vengeance coursing through my veins as I sprinted through the undergrowth. The scent of pine needles and damp earth filled my nostrils, mingling with the faint trace of his presence. He was close – I could fucking feel it.+

With a primal snarl, I surged forward, leaping over fallen logs and weaving through dense thickets. My muscles burned with exertion, the real consequence of a brutal fight, but I pushed myself harder, driven by an unrelenting determination.+

He would meet his end today.+

Suddenly, a flash of movement caught my eye, and I skidded to a halt, crouching low to the ground. There, just ahead, was a flicker of movement – a telltale sign of my elusive prey.+

Without hesitation, I sprang forward, closing the distance in a matter of heartbeats. As I burst into a small clearing, my gaze locked onto the caramel-brown wolf standing before me – alone, bathed in the soft light of dawn. +

With a primal roar, I launched myself at him, ready to finally put an end to this relentless chase. As our wolves collided in a clash of fur and muscle, I felt a surge of energy coursing through me. This was the real outlet I needed; this is what was needed to end it all. +

Teeth bared and claws extended, I fought with an intensity born of desperation and determination. Each blow landed with a thunderous impact, the sound echoing through the forest as I grappled for dominance. In this arena, we were equals locked in a deadly dance of predator and prey.+

I snarled at him, canines clawing at him to escape his grasp. The bastard tried his best to pin me down but I was lighter on my feet – more experienced in battle. I aimed for the vulnerable spot beneath his jaw, teeth-gnashing and jaws snapping as I sought to land a decisive blow. He struggled beneath me, his teeth flashing in a desperate attempt to fend me off.+

But I was relentless, fueled by the burning rage that coursed through my veins. All I saw was red and I knew when I got like this, there was no going back. My wolf would never be satisfied until I tore him to shreds with my teeth. With each snap of my jaws, I felt the weight of every injustice, every betrayal fueling my fury.+

Finally, with a guttural growl, I sank my teeth into his flesh, feeling the satisfying crunch of bone beneath my jaws. He let out a pained yelp, but I paid it no mind, driven by the burning feeling of rage within.+

It would have been the end if I wasn't fucking flown in the air like a wet rag.+

What the –+

My back hit the tree trunk before I slid to the floor. A surge of fury quickly replaced the shock of being thrown through the air as I scrambled to my feet, spreading all fours as I glared at the figure who stood at the other end of the open space.+

A woman dressed in red stared blankly at me, her figure illuminated by the soft glow of dawn. Her hair cascaded down her back like a river of fire, and her eyes, pools of deep rubies, gleamed with an otherworldly light. With her arms outstretched on either side of her, she exuded an aura of dark power and authority, her presence commanding attention and respect.3

"Ah, ah, ah," she taunted, and with one wave, a red ball of light appeared in her hand. "Bad puppy."+

The aura of magic around her was unmistakable, crackling in the air like electricity. There was no mistaking it – she was a witch, and with her stance across from me I could easily assume she was the one helping the Rogue King.+

As our gazes locked, a chill swept through me, and I growled at her in warning. Who the fuck was she calling a puppy?+

"Someone needs to teach you some manners," she told me, her eyes glinting in mischief, "should that person be me?"+

Her fingers twirled the glowing red ball in her hands, her head tilting as she smirked at me. I stood my ground, refusing to show weakness to this powerful sorceress. +

Just as she was about to hurl the ball at me, a blast of blue light slammed into her and sent her flying. +

My attention snapped to the person who attacked, eyes narrowing as I stared at the figure approaching.+

Drake.+

While she was down, Drake looked at me with a sly smirk. "Pleasure to see you too, you big fur ball."1

I growled lowly at him, a warning which he chose to ignore. Goddamn prick. He was about to open his mouth again but the woman struggled as she stood from the floor. +

"I've heard about the all-powerful warlock of the South. It's good to see that the profile fits," the woman greeted as she wiped the blood from the corner of her lips. +

"Morgana, I presume?" Drake asked, eyeing her up and down. "I've heard about you too and I must say, you've got terrible taste in friends."2

"I think I'm doing just fine," she mused. +

I glared at her as she walked to the spot where the Rogue King sat bleeding out. The bastard had shifted back to his human form, and I gave him one last menacing snarl before shifting. +

"Just a boy," he breathed out in a laugh as his eyes ran across me, spitting out blood from his mouth and gripping his wounded side.

"Just a boy that kicked your ass," I spat out, words laced with poison. "This boy's face is the last thing you'll see before you meet Death."+

He chuckled as if I was telling him the funniest thing in the world. +

"You know nothing about Death, boy," he stated, inching further away from where I stood to lean on a fallen tree trunk. "You think you have the power to kill me? I am unkillable. I am unbeatable. I am –"+

"You look pretty beaten to me." +

He narrowed his eyes at the interruption but I couldn't care less. I stalked closer to him, one step, two. It was my turn to be the predator. It was my turn to take from him. +

"You took everything from me. My family, my mate, and my pack have all suffered from the likes of you. My entire childhood ripped away simply because I had to rebuild this pack after you destroyed it. You ruin everything you touch. What about this moment could possibly make you think you're unkillable?" I asked him, the vengeance pouring out of me tainting my words like poison. "I bet I can kill you with my bare hands. You will die today, rogue, and no one – no witch – is going to stop that."1

+

54 - Where It All Burns+

ZARA+

+

          Anguish walked with us back to the pack house. The weight of loss hung heavy in the air, suffocating us with its tight embrace and refusing to pull away. My eyes occasionally glanced down at him, my stomach churning at his immobile form. +

Conner. +

He was the first friend I had when I got here, the first one who showed me kindness and sympathy. He watched over Haden and me as any good friend would, and as a mated wolf he understood the pull of the bond more than any of us did. +

And now, here he sat practically lifeless. +

On a magically conjured table floating ahead of us, courtesy of Drake, Conner's body laid flat and his eyes were closed. +

The journey back felt longer than ever before, and each step we took echoed with emptiness, silently knowing that things would be different now. +

Death suffocated us when we finally arrived on the pack grounds and I felt a shiver run down my spine. I had seen death, but nothing like this. Countless piles of dead bodies were scattered across the field, a silent proclamation that the battle had cost us more than we gained. +

As we grew closer to the pack house, the scene that greeted us was one of heartbreak and despair. Natalia and Abigale stood waiting, their faces etched with grief as they watched us approach. My heart ached for Abigale as I watched her crumble, immediately rushing over to comfort her. +

"I'm so sorry," I whispered to her, enveloping her in a warm embrace. +

The silence was deafening, broken only by the occasional sniffle or choked sob from the woman in my arms.3

"What... what happened?" she cried, her body falling limp. +

"The Rogue King happened," Haden told her, his voice rising from behind me. "He injected Conner with the same poison my father got."+

I could hear the grief in his voice, no matter how steady it was, but I could also hear the underlying anger. +

This wasn't over for him, not by a long shot. +

Slowly, everyone poured in and surrounded the makeshift table, careful not to touch the glowing blue borders that held Conner's body upright. I felt Natalia's arm go around my waist, leaning into my embrace with Abigale. +

"If it was the same, wouldn't it just... you know," James inputted.+

"Leave him burning up?" Haden finished. +

I furrowed my brows, pulling myself away from the group hug to look up at Haden. Burn up? What the hell was in that thing?+

"I'll take Abigale inside," Natalia whispered to me, supporting her as they both moved towards the pack house. +

Standing beside me, James met my concerned gaze and gave me a reassuring one before he said, "This must be hard on her. Having your mate killed isn't the best feeling in the world."+

"I can only imagine –" I started but Drake interjected, his brows creasing as he looked down at his hand. +

"Blondie, I think you might be wrong in that assessment," he murmured, eyes still fixated on his hand, "maybe if I just..."+

Watching him with curiosity, I moved closer to Drake, my attention fully captured by his cryptic words and the perplexed expression on his face. His fingers danced with a strange energy, weaving intricate patterns in the air as he muttered to himself.+

"What are you talking about?" I asked, unable to hide the urgency in my voice.+

Drake glanced up, his gaze meeting mine with a mixture of determination and uncertainty. "I don't know, something just feels... off. When I was fighting Morgana, I heard your puffball over there shout and I just acted. I shot out my magic with the hope that it would help him. I don't know but... what if it's... something more?"+

My heart skipped a beat at his words, the possibilities sinking in slowly. +

"What are you saying?" James pressed, and I could see a newfound sense of hope and concern coat his face. "Can you bring him back?"+

When my eyes darted back to Drake, I saw hesitation flicker across his face for the first time since I knew him. But it was wiped away the instant I saw it.+

"It's not just a switch I can flip on and off, Bus Boy. This is something that has never happened before. It's like I can feel the magic swirling around inside his body – and believe me I know how weird that sounds – but it's in there. My magic."+

However weird it sounded, the sentence gave me more hope than I could possibly hope for. Conner didn't deserve to die like this. No one deserved to die like this. My eyes etched across the wounds on his face and the paleness of his cheeks caught some light in the glowing sun. +

"But how did..."+

My words trailed off when Drake narrowed his eyes, outstretching his arm and placing his palm against Conner's chest. A soft glow emanated from his hand, casting a warm light over Conner's still form. +

I watched in awe as the glow spread, enveloping Conner's body in a gentle aura of shimmering energy. It was as if the very essence of magic itself was flowing through him, breathing new life into his motionless form.+

"Holy shit!" James exclaimed.+

Drake's expression was one of intense concentration, his features set in determination as he channelled his magic into Conner. For a moment, time seemed to stand still as we held our collective breath, waiting with bated anticipation for any sign of change.+

And then, it happened.+

A faint ripple passed through Conner's body, like a gentle breeze stirring the surface of a still pond. His eyelids fluttered, and I felt my heart skip a beat at the sight. It was a small movement, barely noticeable, but it was enough to fill me with a surge of hope, unlike anything I had felt before.+

"He's... he's moving," I whispered, unable to tear my eyes away from the miraculous sight unfolding before me.+

Drake's grip tightened, and his brow furrowed in concentration as he continued to pour his magic into him then extract it. He did it again and again, a nice flow of blue light transcending through Conner almost seamlessly. With each passing moment, the glow around Conner grew brighter, more vibrant, until it seemed to fill the entire clearing with its radiance.+

And then, just as suddenly as it had begun, the glow faded, leaving behind a sense of stillness and quiet.+

I held my breath, anxiously waiting for Conner to wake up, to open his eyes and put this all behind us. But as the seconds ticked by, it became increasingly clear that nothing more was going to happen.+

"He's not waking up," I murmured, a knot of worry forming in the pit of my stomach.+

Drake's expression darkened, his hand falling away from Conner's chest as he shook his head in frustration. "I don't understand. I thought... I thought I could..."+

His words trailed off, lost in the silence of the clearing as we all stood there, grappling with the uncertainty of what had just occurred. +

"Wait a second," Haden mumbled, side-stepping me to put two fingers on Conner's neck. One second passed, two, before his eyes widened and they darted to Drake in shock.+

+

55 - To Mend Burning Bridges+

HADEN+

+

       As the sun hit the clear blue sky, casting a blinding glow over the clearing where the pack had gathered, I felt a sense of relief and pride wash over me. This was finally over. I stood at the center of the stage, eyes darting to the masses before me as they mumbled amongst themselves. +

"Members of Triton," my voice echoed through the gathering, firm and resolute. "Along with the members of our allies here today, it's finally over." I waited until their shrieks and cheers ended before I continued, "Today, we stand united, stronger than ever before. Our enemies have been defeated and we can rest easier tonight."2

A ripple of murmurs and nods spread through the crowd, and I felt the pride and relief pulse through the pack bond. I know we had faced countless challenges, endured unimaginable hardships, but through it all, it just proved that we could accomplish anything. +

"Our victory today is a testament to the courage and resilience of each and every one of you! Without your help, our pack would have been lost to the likes of the Rogue King, and I just want to say thank you," I continued, my gaze sweeping across the assembled wolves. "Together, we put the fear in them, kicked ass, and sent those rogues to their deaths. No one could have done that but all of us – united together."1

I let the words hang in the air briefly before I continued, nodding at the sense of hope and unity amongst them. For the first time in what felt like ages, I could finally see a bright future for the pack and all our allies.+

"So let us celebrate this victory proudly – we've earned it," I declared, a smile spreading across my face. +

With a chorus of howls that echoed through the clearing, I breathed out a grateful chuckle and walked away from the microphone, immediately seeing Zara and picking her up for a little spin. +

"Haden!" she squealed.+

"What?" I grinned at her once I put her back on her feet. "I'm in a good mood. But before we do celebrate, I need to talk to Caine and see what he... why are you making that face?" I switched topics, seeing her expression change. +

"Uh, talking with Caine is going to be a bit difficult," she started, "given he doesn't have a head anymore."+

"Excuse me?"+

"Greyson..." +

I raised a brow. "Greyson did what?"+

"They brought Caine over to us after you left with the... Guardians? Yeah, I think that's what you called them. Anyway, when they brought him over, Caine was spouting a lot of nonsense, trying to connect Greyson and me to the reason why the Rogue King was trying to dismantle the packs. He started talking about Greyson's brother and... well, Greyson lost it."+

James, where the hell is Greyson? I growled through the mind-link.+

No idea princess, but I can go look if you ask nicely, James smartly responded. +

Get him then get to my office now, I demanded. +

"We're going to my office to discuss this," I told Zara, sliding my arm around her waist and pulling her forward with me. +

        "What the hell were you thinking?"+

My question hit Greyson in the face as soon as he walked through the door. Harley and Alex followed him in, then James moved to close the door. +

"Why the hell are you putting it on me?" Greyon rebutted.+

"Because you fucking killed him! What the hell do you mean why am I putting it on you?" +

"Listen, the bastard was —"+

"I don't care! He was our only lead to the Rogue King. While we may have killed everyone on his side, he's still out there with that witch."+

"Witch? What witch?" Harley piped in and my angry gaze shifted to her. +

"Drake was fighting a witch when Conner was attacked. Some redhead named Morgana, ring any bells for anyone in this room?" When they shook their head, I looked back at Greyson and snarled. "Exactly, which is something that Caine – once again! – could have helped with."+

"Easy brother," Alex interjected.+

"Isn't the Crown's business finished here?" I snapped. "Leave."+

"Relax, will you? Yes, Caine being dead does put us in a bit of a pickle, but the Rogue King has nowhere else to go. He'll be wounded, physically and emotionally, with no one else on his side." He walked over and slapped me on the shoulder. "We'll find him."+

Cursing softly, I moved to my desk and sat, running a hand through my hair frustratedly. +

"Make no mistake," I began once we were all gathered, "today's victory was significant, but it's just the beginning. No matter how wounded the Rogue King is, he'll find a way to crawl his way back to power if we don't find him and find him fast." +

Zara shook her head, a thoughtful look plaguing her face. "The Caine I knew wasn't the Caine I just saw. He was blindly following orders, I don't think he would have known anything. My guess is grief drove him mad... Amelia did mention he lost his sister."+

At the mention of Amelia, I glanced at James and watched his fingers curl into fists. I could tell he and his mate were still trying to figure things out, at least now they could do so without the threat of the Rogue King or Caine coming after them.+

"So we're just going to ignore what Caine said about the Rogue King and his brother?" James questioned, his accusation directed at Greyson casting a tense shadow over the room. My gaze flickered between them, noting the subtle tension that crackled in the air.+

"What did Caine say exactly?" +

"Nothing worth repeating," Greyson answered my question, glaring intensely at James. +

"Bullshit! He practically admitted that he was working with those bastards," James retorted sharply. "Are we just going to ignore the fact that he was a part of them?"+

I saw Greyson's jaw clench in response, giving me a better insight into all this. Whatever happened on that field earlier, Greyson's brother was a trigger for him. "He wasn't!"+

Before the tension could escalate further, Harley intervened, her voice cutting through the heated exchange.+

"Enough!" she exclaimed, her tone firm as she addressed the room. "We need to focus on finding the Rogue King, not tearing each other apart." +

She marched up to my desk and planted her palms on the surface, meeting my gaze with unwavering loyalty. +

"I trust Greyson," she stated simply, her conviction clear. "Whatever Caine said was bullshit. There's no way in hell that he'd leave Greyson's pack and work for that monster. There's no way he would leave..."1

When she trailed off, I regarded her for a moment, weighing her words carefully. +

"And what makes you so sure?" I asked, a hint of skepticism creeping into my tone.+

Harley's response was swift and unwavering. "I just am," she replied firmly, her gaze steady.+

Before anyone else could speak, another voice slithered into the conversation.+

+

+

Ignite [Chapter 45]+

Where Greyson Claims Natalia+

NATALIA+

+

         "What do you think it is?" I asked Abigale who sat beside me, laser-focused on the ancient books in her hand. I peered over at the book she was reading, trying to make sense of the ancient markings she was looking at.+

"Can't be sure," she mumbled, flipping the page in pure interest. "But whatever it is, the Rogue King left it there for a reason. From what we know, there have been no other markings left on the grounds of the other packs. It makes me question why."+

"Well, that's easy. Mount Luna hosts a lot of the history of the pack system and werewolves in general. It's where Lunas are taught to be Lunas."+

"Yes, but this means something. I just need to figure out what. Hey, can you grab that book over there? No, not that one, the other... yeah that one."+

I walked back to her with the book in hand, studying her as she intensely flipped through the pages before looking over at the first book.+

"Yes!"+

My brow arched. "What?"+

"I knew there was some connection. Okay, you see this symbol right here?" She pointed to the first book, continuing when I gave her a nod. "That's the symbol for the Sun God. We knew that much already from the Helios bracelet that Haden found on the rogues that attacked a few weeks ago."+

"Okay..."+

"Now, take a look at this symbol," she started, handing the new book over to me. "These are the ones Hunter just sent me from Mount Luna. They're identical except for the placement of the moon. See here," she pointed to the top of the symbol, where the sun seemed to be breaking through the moon.+

"It's from the ancient languages, but it definitely is the symbol of the Sun God. I don't know what yet, but it's referring to the sun overpowering the moon. If it means what I think it means, then this is far worse than what we've been preparing for. This isn't just about the Rogue King — all this madness stems from the Sun God. Haden needs to know all this. Here, give him this," she added, drawing a replica of the symbol on a piece of paper and then handing it to me.+

I nodded and made my way out the door, the paper crunched in my hand. Whatever this was, I could tell it was only the beginning of chaos. The Rogue King knew no bounds, and I was still devastated that he took Mount Luna.+

All these years, we were at war but in the span of one month, he managed to take dozens of packs and burnt them to the ground.+

It all needs to end.+

I walked through the dimly lit hallway, my eyes looking out the window as the last bit of sunlight disappeared beneath the horizon.+

My ears perked up at the sound of chatter coming from the living room and I knew that's where I'd find Haden.+

But then my wolf stirred within me.+

It's been a long day, I thought, no doubt she would want to stretch her paws and go for a run. Maybe after I tell Haden about this symbol, I'll enjoy the evening breeze through my fur.+

I strode past the kitchen and saw the women packing away the last bit of food from the barbecue we had earlier.+

"Don't mind her, she's just being... her," I heard Haden say as I neared the living room. Perfect, I didn't have to look for him.+

"What's that smell?"+

My steps halted slightly, the voice sending shivers down my spine. Who was that? I had never heard his voice before, and I certainly would've remembered it.+

Then an intoxicating scent hit me.+

It was the sweet blend of smoky vetiver and fresh bergamot, mixed with a hint of something I couldn't quite place. It was masculine, rugged, mysterious — and it was pulling me in like nothing I've ever smelled before. My heart raced as I stared down the hall, knowing exactly what was about to happen.+

It was him — it was finally him.+

The realization almost had me purring in delight. It sure had my wolf doing backflips.+

"What smell?" I heard Haden ask.+

"That... scent, I don't know. I haven't smelt anything like it," the man mumbled, and I could hear his confusion growing.+

Okay, breathe Natalia.+

Shaking my head, I tried to maintain my composure as I entered the living room, my eyes looking down at the paper in my hand.+

Stay calm, stay calm, stay calm.+

"Haden, you would never believe what Abi just —" I exclaimed, holding up the paper in my hand, but my statement was cut short when I bumped into a wall of muscle.+

"Oh! Sorry, I didn't..."+

Good heavens.+

Words failed to leave my lips as I got lost in his eyes. They were the lightest shade of blue I had ever seen, teetering on the edge of stormy grey.+

His long, blond hair was tied back in a half-ponytail, cascading in waves past his shoulders. A full, well-groomed beard framed his chiseled jawline, adding to his commanding presence.+

I knew what was happening before he even said the word, but saying it made it all real.+

"Mate," the man growled and I saw possession color his eyes before he grabbed my forearm and pulled me out the room.+

My heart was racing as I wordlessly followed the man. My mate. A gleeful grin spread across my lips and a blush rose to my cheeks when I found myself admiring his physique.+

All this time, I was waiting for my mate and now here he was. I couldn't wait for us to get to know each other; to start building our lives together and cherishing each other for the rest of our lives.+

I read enough romance novels to know what could happen between us but the thought made my cheeks redden even more.+

He led us through the back door, slamming it shut and pinning me against the wall. A soft gasp left my lips when my back hit the hard surface but I barely had time to register it before he buried his head in the crook of my neck.+

One hand gripped my waist, pulling me closer to him and I groaned softly at the contact. Whoever told us it was electricity that shot through us at the touch of our mates was wrong. This was more — something more intense, something indescribable.+

I felt the tip of his nose running down my neck, deeply inhaling my scent, and I felt the rumble of his chest when he growled.+

"Mine."+

It was surprising how much one word could affect me, but it had me sinking into him with no plans of backing away. This feeling, this man, was incredible.+

He started his assault, trailing soft kisses down my neck and shoulder, causing my eyes to flutter close. My hand found its way across his broad shoulders before sinking into his hair. I pulled him closer, if that were even possible, living only for the feel of his lips against my skin.+

If this was what it meant to have a mate, then I could definitely understand not ever being apart. This was pure ecstasy.+

Butterflies flew around in my stomach when his lips came up, kissing gently against my cheek. I thought he would kiss me, wanting to feel those tender lips against mine, but he journeyed back down. Completely lost in the feeling, I lifted my leg to hitch on his waist.+

His groan brought as much pleasure to me as his hand did when he clasped it around my thigh, securing it in place. My heart was beating so loud I was surprised he couldn't hear it.+

When his canines scratched against my skin, I shuddered and pulled at his hair. Only seconds later, those canines found their way into me, claiming me as his. I pinched my eyes close at the sharp pain but then it was like I was flying above the clouds.+

I felt the connection build between us, heightening my senses and my arousal. He was what I wanted; what I craved. His hand tightened around my waist and my thigh, holding me in place to take whatever he gave.+

And he gave me everything.+

Through those canines, he made me his own. When he withdrew, I whimpered at the loss of contact. My dazed eyes met his wild ones and I couldn't help but smile. His eyes darted to my lips and when he didn't make a move to kiss me, I leaned up to make the connection.+

But the connection never came.+

Instead, he pulled away from me completely and the cold air replaced the heat that found us before. My lips parted as I stared at him, a little confused.+

"Wh-What..."+

He stared at me with wide eyes and I watched as the shock clouded his expression. It was as if he was finally escaping a trance, and I was to be blamed for putting him under one.+

The wildness in them before was now replaced with something colder. He took another step backward, two, before he cleared his throat.+

Then, he shattered my world with one word.+

"Goodbye."+

I was beyond confused, but he gave me no time to question his motives. Without sparing me another glance, he turned his back to me and shifted, running towards the forest. I gaped at his retreating form, feeling frozen in place as I watched the man who was supposed to be my mate run away from me. 3

-----+

Bonus scene!!!+

After all the votes, here's the marking scene for Greyson and Natalia hehe+

I decided to add it as the Prologue for Frost since it's a part of their journey and I hope you enjoyed reading it as much as I enjoyed writing it 🤭+

Let me know in the comments if you have any more bonus scenes you want to see+

+

54 - Where It All Burns+

ZARA+

+

          Anguish walked with us back to the pack house. The weight of loss hung heavy in the air, suffocating us with its tight embrace and refusing to pull away. My eyes occasionally glanced down at him, my stomach churning at his immobile form. +

Conner. +

He was the first friend I had when I got here, the first one who showed me kindness and sympathy. He watched over Haden and me as any good friend would, and as a mated wolf he understood the pull of the bond more than any of us did. +

And now, here he sat practically lifeless. +

On a magically conjured table floating ahead of us, courtesy of Drake, Conner's body laid flat and his eyes were closed. +

The journey back felt longer than ever before, and each step we took echoed with emptiness, silently knowing that things would be different now. +

Death suffocated us when we finally arrived on the pack grounds and I felt a shiver run down my spine. I had seen death, but nothing like this. Countless piles of dead bodies were scattered across the field, a silent proclamation that the battle had cost us more than we gained. +

As we grew closer to the pack house, the scene that greeted us was one of heartbreak and despair. Natalia and Abigale stood waiting, their faces etched with grief as they watched us approach. My heart ached for Abigale as I watched her crumble, immediately rushing over to comfort her. +

"I'm so sorry," I whispered to her, enveloping her in a warm embrace. +

The silence was deafening, broken only by the occasional sniffle or choked sob from the woman in my arms.3

"What... what happened?" she cried, her body falling limp. +

"The Rogue King happened," Haden told her, his voice rising from behind me. "He injected Conner with the same poison my father got."+

I could hear the grief in his voice, no matter how steady it was, but I could also hear the underlying anger. +

This wasn't over for him, not by a long shot. +

Slowly, everyone poured in and surrounded the makeshift table, careful not to touch the glowing blue borders that held Conner's body upright. I felt Natalia's arm go around my waist, leaning into my embrace with Abigale. +

"If it was the same, wouldn't it just... you know," James inputted.+

"Leave him burning up?" Haden finished. +

I furrowed my brows, pulling myself away from the group hug to look up at Haden. Burn up? What the hell was in that thing?+

"I'll take Abigale inside," Natalia whispered to me, supporting her as they both moved towards the pack house. +

Standing beside me, James met my concerned gaze and gave me a reassuring one before he said, "This must be hard on her. Having your mate killed isn't the best feeling in the world."+

"I can only imagine –" I started but Drake interjected, his brows creasing as he looked down at his hand. +

"Blondie, I think you might be wrong in that assessment," he murmured, eyes still fixated on his hand, "maybe if I just..."+

Watching him with curiosity, I moved closer to Drake, my attention fully captured by his cryptic words and the perplexed expression on his face. His fingers danced with a strange energy, weaving intricate patterns in the air as he muttered to himself.+

"What are you talking about?" I asked, unable to hide the urgency in my voice.+

Drake glanced up, his gaze meeting mine with a mixture of determination and uncertainty. "I don't know, something just feels... off. When I was fighting Morgana, I heard your puffball over there shout and I just acted. I shot out my magic with the hope that it would help him. I don't know but... what if it's... something more?"+

My heart skipped a beat at his words, the possibilities sinking in slowly. +

"What are you saying?" James pressed, and I could see a newfound sense of hope and concern coat his face. "Can you bring him back?"+

When my eyes darted back to Drake, I saw hesitation flicker across his face for the first time since I knew him. But it was wiped away the instant I saw it.+

"It's not just a switch I can flip on and off, Bus Boy. This is something that has never happened before. It's like I can feel the magic swirling around inside his body – and believe me I know how weird that sounds – but it's in there. My magic."+

However weird it sounded, the sentence gave me more hope than I could possibly hope for. Conner didn't deserve to die like this. No one deserved to die like this. My eyes etched across the wounds on his face and the paleness of his cheeks caught some light in the glowing sun. +

"But how did..."+

My words trailed off when Drake narrowed his eyes, outstretching his arm and placing his palm against Conner's chest. A soft glow emanated from his hand, casting a warm light over Conner's still form. +

I watched in awe as the glow spread, enveloping Conner's body in a gentle aura of shimmering energy. It was as if the very essence of magic itself was flowing through him, breathing new life into his motionless form.+

"Holy shit!" James exclaimed.+

Drake's expression was one of intense concentration, his features set in determination as he channelled his magic into Conner. For a moment, time seemed to stand still as we held our collective breath, waiting with bated anticipation for any sign of change.+

And then, it happened.+

A faint ripple passed through Conner's body, like a gentle breeze stirring the surface of a still pond. His eyelids fluttered, and I felt my heart skip a beat at the sight. It was a small movement, barely noticeable, but it was enough to fill me with a surge of hope, unlike anything I had felt before.+

"He's... he's moving," I whispered, unable to tear my eyes away from the miraculous sight unfolding before me.+

Drake's grip tightened, and his brow furrowed in concentration as he continued to pour his magic into him then extract it. He did it again and again, a nice flow of blue light transcending through Conner almost seamlessly. With each passing moment, the glow around Conner grew brighter, more vibrant, until it seemed to fill the entire clearing with its radiance.+

And then, just as suddenly as it had begun, the glow faded, leaving behind a sense of stillness and quiet.+

I held my breath, anxiously waiting for Conner to wake up, to open his eyes and put this all behind us. But as the seconds ticked by, it became increasingly clear that nothing more was going to happen.+

"He's not waking up," I murmured, a knot of worry forming in the pit of my stomach.+

Drake's expression darkened, his hand falling away from Conner's chest as he shook his head in frustration. "I don't understand. I thought... I thought I could..."+

His words trailed off, lost in the silence of the clearing as we all stood there, grappling with the uncertainty of what had just occurred. +

"Wait a second," Haden mumbled, side-stepping me to put two fingers on Conner's neck. One second passed, two, before his eyes widened and they darted to Drake in shock.+

+

55 - To Mend Burning Bridges+

HADEN+

+

       As the sun hit the clear blue sky, casting a blinding glow over the clearing where the pack had gathered, I felt a sense of relief and pride wash over me. This was finally over. I stood at the center of the stage, eyes darting to the masses before me as they mumbled amongst themselves. +

"Members of Triton," my voice echoed through the gathering, firm and resolute. "Along with the members of our allies here today, it's finally over." I waited until their shrieks and cheers ended before I continued, "Today, we stand united, stronger than ever before. Our enemies have been defeated and we can rest easier tonight."2

A ripple of murmurs and nods spread through the crowd, and I felt the pride and relief pulse through the pack bond. I know we had faced countless challenges, endured unimaginable hardships, but through it all, it just proved that we could accomplish anything. +

"Our victory today is a testament to the courage and resilience of each and every one of you! Without your help, our pack would have been lost to the likes of the Rogue King, and I just want to say thank you," I continued, my gaze sweeping across the assembled wolves. "Together, we put the fear in them, kicked ass, and sent those rogues to their deaths. No one could have done that but all of us – united together."1

I let the words hang in the air briefly before I continued, nodding at the sense of hope and unity amongst them. For the first time in what felt like ages, I could finally see a bright future for the pack and all our allies.+

"So let us celebrate this victory proudly – we've earned it," I declared, a smile spreading across my face. +

With a chorus of howls that echoed through the clearing, I breathed out a grateful chuckle and walked away from the microphone, immediately seeing Zara and picking her up for a little spin. +

"Haden!" she squealed.+

"What?" I grinned at her once I put her back on her feet. "I'm in a good mood. But before we do celebrate, I need to talk to Caine and see what he... why are you making that face?" I switched topics, seeing her expression change. +

"Uh, talking with Caine is going to be a bit difficult," she started, "given he doesn't have a head anymore."+

"Excuse me?"+

"Greyson..." +

I raised a brow. "Greyson did what?"+

"They brought Caine over to us after you left with the... Guardians? Yeah, I think that's what you called them. Anyway, when they brought him over, Caine was spouting a lot of nonsense, trying to connect Greyson and me to the reason why the Rogue King was trying to dismantle the packs. He started talking about Greyson's brother and... well, Greyson lost it."+

James, where the hell is Greyson? I growled through the mind-link.+

No idea princess, but I can go look if you ask nicely, James smartly responded. +

Get him then get to my office now, I demanded. +

"We're going to my office to discuss this," I told Zara, sliding my arm around her waist and pulling her forward with me. +

        "What the hell were you thinking?"+

My question hit Greyson in the face as soon as he walked through the door. Harley and Alex followed him in, then James moved to close the door. +

"Why the hell are you putting it on me?" Greyon rebutted.+

"Because you fucking killed him! What the hell do you mean why am I putting it on you?" +

"Listen, the bastard was —"+

"I don't care! He was our only lead to the Rogue King. While we may have killed everyone on his side, he's still out there with that witch."+

"Witch? What witch?" Harley piped in and my angry gaze shifted to her. +

"Drake was fighting a witch when Conner was attacked. Some redhead named Morgana, ring any bells for anyone in this room?" When they shook their head, I looked back at Greyson and snarled. "Exactly, which is something that Caine – once again! – could have helped with."+

"Easy brother," Alex interjected.+

"Isn't the Crown's business finished here?" I snapped. "Leave."+

"Relax, will you? Yes, Caine being dead does put us in a bit of a pickle, but the Rogue King has nowhere else to go. He'll be wounded, physically and emotionally, with no one else on his side." He walked over and slapped me on the shoulder. "We'll find him."+

Cursing softly, I moved to my desk and sat, running a hand through my hair frustratedly. +

"Make no mistake," I began once we were all gathered, "today's victory was significant, but it's just the beginning. No matter how wounded the Rogue King is, he'll find a way to crawl his way back to power if we don't find him and find him fast." +

Zara shook her head, a thoughtful look plaguing her face. "The Caine I knew wasn't the Caine I just saw. He was blindly following orders, I don't think he would have known anything. My guess is grief drove him mad... Amelia did mention he lost his sister."+

At the mention of Amelia, I glanced at James and watched his fingers curl into fists. I could tell he and his mate were still trying to figure things out, at least now they could do so without the threat of the Rogue King or Caine coming after them.+

"So we're just going to ignore what Caine said about the Rogue King and his brother?" James questioned, his accusation directed at Greyson casting a tense shadow over the room. My gaze flickered between them, noting the subtle tension that crackled in the air.+

"What did Caine say exactly?" +

"Nothing worth repeating," Greyson answered my question, glaring intensely at James. +

"Bullshit! He practically admitted that he was working with those bastards," James retorted sharply. "Are we just going to ignore the fact that he was a part of them?"+

I saw Greyson's jaw clench in response, giving me a better insight into all this. Whatever happened on that field earlier, Greyson's brother was a trigger for him. "He wasn't!"+

Before the tension could escalate further, Harley intervened, her voice cutting through the heated exchange.+

"Enough!" she exclaimed, her tone firm as she addressed the room. "We need to focus on finding the Rogue King, not tearing each other apart." +

She marched up to my desk and planted her palms on the surface, meeting my gaze with unwavering loyalty. +

"I trust Greyson," she stated simply, her conviction clear. "Whatever Caine said was bullshit. There's no way in hell that he'd leave Greyson's pack and work for that monster. There's no way he would leave..."1

When she trailed off, I regarded her for a moment, weighing her words carefully. +

"And what makes you so sure?" I asked, a hint of skepticism creeping into my tone.+

Harley's response was swift and unwavering. "I just am," she replied firmly, her gaze steady.+

Before anyone else could speak, another voice slithered into the conversation.+

+

+

Ignite [Chapter 45]+

Where Greyson Claims Natalia+

NATALIA+

+

         "What do you think it is?" I asked Abigale who sat beside me, laser-focused on the ancient books in her hand. I peered over at the book she was reading, trying to make sense of the ancient markings she was looking at.+

"Can't be sure," she mumbled, flipping the page in pure interest. "But whatever it is, the Rogue King left it there for a reason. From what we know, there have been no other markings left on the grounds of the other packs. It makes me question why."+

"Well, that's easy. Mount Luna hosts a lot of the history of the pack system and werewolves in general. It's where Lunas are taught to be Lunas."+

"Yes, but this means something. I just need to figure out what. Hey, can you grab that book over there? No, not that one, the other... yeah that one."+

I walked back to her with the book in hand, studying her as she intensely flipped through the pages before looking over at the first book.+

"Yes!"+

My brow arched. "What?"+

"I knew there was some connection. Okay, you see this symbol right here?" She pointed to the first book, continuing when I gave her a nod. "That's the symbol for the Sun God. We knew that much already from the Helios bracelet that Haden found on the rogues that attacked a few weeks ago."+

"Okay..."+

"Now, take a look at this symbol," she started, handing the new book over to me. "These are the ones Hunter just sent me from Mount Luna. They're identical except for the placement of the moon. See here," she pointed to the top of the symbol, where the sun seemed to be breaking through the moon.+

"It's from the ancient languages, but it definitely is the symbol of the Sun God. I don't know what yet, but it's referring to the sun overpowering the moon. If it means what I think it means, then this is far worse than what we've been preparing for. This isn't just about the Rogue King — all this madness stems from the Sun God. Haden needs to know all this. Here, give him this," she added, drawing a replica of the symbol on a piece of paper and then handing it to me.+

I nodded and made my way out the door, the paper crunched in my hand. Whatever this was, I could tell it was only the beginning of chaos. The Rogue King knew no bounds, and I was still devastated that he took Mount Luna.+

All these years, we were at war but in the span of one month, he managed to take dozens of packs and burnt them to the ground.+

It all needs to end.+

I walked through the dimly lit hallway, my eyes looking out the window as the last bit of sunlight disappeared beneath the horizon.+

My ears perked up at the sound of chatter coming from the living room and I knew that's where I'd find Haden.+

But then my wolf stirred within me.+

It's been a long day, I thought, no doubt she would want to stretch her paws and go for a run. Maybe after I tell Haden about this symbol, I'll enjoy the evening breeze through my fur.+

I strode past the kitchen and saw the women packing away the last bit of food from the barbecue we had earlier.+

"Don't mind her, she's just being... her," I heard Haden say as I neared the living room. Perfect, I didn't have to look for him.+

"What's that smell?"+

My steps halted slightly, the voice sending shivers down my spine. Who was that? I had never heard his voice before, and I certainly would've remembered it.+

Then an intoxicating scent hit me.+

It was the sweet blend of smoky vetiver and fresh bergamot, mixed with a hint of something I couldn't quite place. It was masculine, rugged, mysterious — and it was pulling me in like nothing I've ever smelled before. My heart raced as I stared down the hall, knowing exactly what was about to happen.+

It was him — it was finally him.+

The realization almost had me purring in delight. It sure had my wolf doing backflips.+

"What smell?" I heard Haden ask.+

"That... scent, I don't know. I haven't smelt anything like it," the man mumbled, and I could hear his confusion growing.+

Okay, breathe Natalia.+

Shaking my head, I tried to maintain my composure as I entered the living room, my eyes looking down at the paper in my hand.+

Stay calm, stay calm, stay calm.+

"Haden, you would never believe what Abi just —" I exclaimed, holding up the paper in my hand, but my statement was cut short when I bumped into a wall of muscle.+

"Oh! Sorry, I didn't..."+

Good heavens.+

Words failed to leave my lips as I got lost in his eyes. They were the lightest shade of blue I had ever seen, teetering on the edge of stormy grey.+

His long, blond hair was tied back in a half-ponytail, cascading in waves past his shoulders. A full, well-groomed beard framed his chiseled jawline, adding to his commanding presence.+

I knew what was happening before he even said the word, but saying it made it all real.+

"Mate," the man growled and I saw possession color his eyes before he grabbed my forearm and pulled me out the room.+

My heart was racing as I wordlessly followed the man. My mate. A gleeful grin spread across my lips and a blush rose to my cheeks when I found myself admiring his physique.+

All this time, I was waiting for my mate and now here he was. I couldn't wait for us to get to know each other; to start building our lives together and cherishing each other for the rest of our lives.+

I read enough romance novels to know what could happen between us but the thought made my cheeks redden even more.+

He led us through the back door, slamming it shut and pinning me against the wall. A soft gasp left my lips when my back hit the hard surface but I barely had time to register it before he buried his head in the crook of my neck.+

One hand gripped my waist, pulling me closer to him and I groaned softly at the contact. Whoever told us it was electricity that shot through us at the touch of our mates was wrong. This was more — something more intense, something indescribable.+

I felt the tip of his nose running down my neck, deeply inhaling my scent, and I felt the rumble of his chest when he growled.+

"Mine."+

It was surprising how much one word could affect me, but it had me sinking into him with no plans of backing away. This feeling, this man, was incredible.+

He started his assault, trailing soft kisses down my neck and shoulder, causing my eyes to flutter close. My hand found its way across his broad shoulders before sinking into his hair. I pulled him closer, if that were even possible, living only for the feel of his lips against my skin.+

If this was what it meant to have a mate, then I could definitely understand not ever being apart. This was pure ecstasy.+

Butterflies flew around in my stomach when his lips came up, kissing gently against my cheek. I thought he would kiss me, wanting to feel those tender lips against mine, but he journeyed back down. Completely lost in the feeling, I lifted my leg to hitch on his waist.+

His groan brought as much pleasure to me as his hand did when he clasped it around my thigh, securing it in place. My heart was beating so loud I was surprised he couldn't hear it.+

When his canines scratched against my skin, I shuddered and pulled at his hair. Only seconds later, those canines found their way into me, claiming me as his. I pinched my eyes close at the sharp pain but then it was like I was flying above the clouds.+

I felt the connection build between us, heightening my senses and my arousal. He was what I wanted; what I craved. His hand tightened around my waist and my thigh, holding me in place to take whatever he gave.+

And he gave me everything.+

Through those canines, he made me his own. When he withdrew, I whimpered at the loss of contact. My dazed eyes met his wild ones and I couldn't help but smile. His eyes darted to my lips and when he didn't make a move to kiss me, I leaned up to make the connection.+

But the connection never came.+

Instead, he pulled away from me completely and the cold air replaced the heat that found us before. My lips parted as I stared at him, a little confused.+

"Wh-What..."+

He stared at me with wide eyes and I watched as the shock clouded his expression. It was as if he was finally escaping a trance, and I was to be blamed for putting him under one.+

The wildness in them before was now replaced with something colder. He took another step backward, two, before he cleared his throat.+

Then, he shattered my world with one word.+

"Goodbye."+

I was beyond confused, but he gave me no time to question his motives. Without sparing me another glance, he turned his back to me and shifted, running towards the forest. I gaped at his retreating form, feeling frozen in place as I watched the man who was supposed to be my mate run away from me. 3

-----+

Bonus scene!!!+

After all the votes, here's the marking scene for Greyson and Natalia hehe+

I decided to add it as the Prologue for Frost since it's a part of their journey and I hope you enjoyed reading it as much as I enjoyed writing it 🤭+

Let me know in the comments if you have any more bonus scenes you want to see+





