This body of work is available exclusively on Wattpad. If you're viewing it on a different website or under a different username, it has been illegally stolen, and you may be at risk of malware. Please do not support these sites, as writing a book takes long hours of hard work and effort. Head over to Wattpad and let me, the original author, know if you encounter this situation by finding me @greenwitchwrites.86

Ava+

"Orders up!" Bill shouts, the plate with fries and a burger spinning slightly as he puts it down on the serving station with a flourish. 39

Even though this was just a diner, Bill prepared simple food like it was a five-star restaurant. Popular on most days, but even his burgers couldn't pull the locals in today. Not with the Gathering of the Eastern packs taking place one town over tonight. The local human population was keeping to their houses, fear of us not entirely gone even though we lived side by side for the last couple of decades. 3

Dropping the order off at a table on the far side, I grab the coffee pot, heading over to my best friend Nick, who is furiously typing on his laptop. He worked remotely for a large corporate company based in New York as a coder. Whatever that involved. His screen just looked like gibberish to me. But it earned him the big bucks, so it must be important.8

"Take a breather," I say, filling his coffee as he continues typing.+

"I'm trying to get this project out before this thing tonight. Remind me again why we need to go?" Nick asks with irritation as he sips on his black, sugar-free coffee. 

"All wolves need to go. It's mandatory. Even for us rogues. We are registered with the sheriff's office, so they know we stay here. Not going can have consequences," I say, while in my mind, I am thinking that going too can have consequences. 3

Our old pack would be there. Bloodmoon Pack. I last saw them nine years ago, on my eighteenth birthday. The day my life changed. I shudder just thinking about it.33

"Stop. Don't even think about it. We're not eighteen anymore. We don't have to allow them to impact us like they did," Nick says, reaching for my hand and squeezing it reassuringly.2

"We go there tonight and show them what their pack is missing out on," he jokes, his hand sweeping the length of me as he laughs. I look down at the ketchup mark on my apron. Yip. Luckily, I wasn't going looking like this. 5

Nick laughs again as I start rubbing at the stain, only succeeding in spreading it further.2

"I hear the Alpha King is hot. I wish I could go," Jackie whines, plopping herself down next to Nick. She was the other waitress here, and even though she wasn't on duty, she always seemed to be here. Nobody liked her because of some incident between her father and the sheriff that happened years ago. Town prejudices and politics amongst humans ran as deep as they did in packs. I felt for her, being on the outside, for something she didn't even do. She didn't even have any friends. Luckily I had Nick. I wouldn't have survived without him.7

He was my only friend growing up. Everyone else avoided me. When my tenth birthday came around, and I failed to shift, it was the final nail in the coffin for me. I was branded a runt. A defective. That's when it really got bad. Even my parents shunned me. For some or other reason, Nick stuck by me. He was also small for a wolf back then, leaving him a prime target for bigger boys to pick on. Being outsiders connected us. We formed an unbreakable bond. So when my mate rejected me on my eighteenth birthday, he came with me when I left the pack. Both of us chose to become rogue rather than endure another minute in a pack that treated us worse than they did the pigs.3

"Alpha King Braiden won't be single for long. I hear he has chosen a mate. She is apparently so beautiful people say it hurts to look at her," Angie, Bill's wife, says as she passes by, her ears hearing everything. I suppose running this diner with Bill means she hears all the gossip in town.6

"Well, I've heard he is a difficult man, so good luck to whoever she is," I say absentmindedly as I pull on my apron strings, the clock on the wall telling me my shift is over.36

Nick and I leave, both of us quiet on the short car ride to the small house that he owned and that we share in the center of town. While most of the time, we are okay with how things have panned out, we still remember what happened back then. Being okay doesn't rid us of the memory.1

After a quick shower, I pull on the dress Nick bought for me one day when he was in New York. He says he saw it and knew it was meant for me. Something I couldn't argue as the satin material slid down my skin, hugging my body in all the right places. The green matches my eyes, I think as I turn to the side, looking at myself in the mirror. Most of the scars are hidden, and those that aren't are faded. I leave my hair as is, just running some product through so my natural curls don't look frizzy. I apply minimal makeup, not wanting to cover the freckles on my face that all the kids teased me about when I was younger. 32

Standing back, I look at the twenty-seven-year-old me with less critical eyes than I did when I was younger. More influenced by the thoughts and opinions of others. It has been a long road to learning to love myself, and no one would take that away. 10

"Wow, wee, you look hot, Ava," Nick says, cat whistling as he enters my room, appearing in the mirror behind me.8

"So do you. We clean up good," I laugh as I eye the muscular Greek god standing behind me in his tailor-fitted suit. He might have been small when he was younger, but that scrawny boy was nowhere to be seen. In his place was a man. A handsome, kind man.  1

"Let's get this over with, my lady," he says, holding his arm out to me with exaggerated flair. 1

The drive is only ten minutes, shorter than I hoped. My nerves were causing strange butterflies in my stomach, a premonition perhaps of what was to come. Nick is similarly quiet, and I can see by how he is gripping the steering wheel that he is also fighting his own demons.5

We know as soon as we cross the border into the Silver Wood pack lands where the ceremony is being held. Scent markings all along the border warn others that the territory is taken. 2

We follow a couple of cars along the sand driveway and into a large parking area across from the pack hall. Nick and I glance at each other before eyeing the intimidating building. This pack was well off compared to our old one. It was ranked third in the world, with a pack in the North second and Alpha King Braiden's pack in the South taking the top spot. He apparently lived in a secluded cabin in the woods with a range of she-wolves at his beck and call, along with the beauty soon-to-be his Queen and Luna that Angie mentioned.  But rumors were always going around about the King, so no one knew what to believe. Being King from the age of sixteen and now eighteen years in meant there were already many to pick from. I never read the werewolf news, but I did have ears, and even the human population spoke about him.23

"Okay. Deep breaths. We got this. And remember to calm yourself down. If you have an incident here, the cat will be out of the bag, and then who knows what they will do. And stay away from the King. It's said his senses are beyond sharp." Nick's last words make me laugh.2

"I doubt the King and I will be in the same vicinity. Have you seen all the security here? He probably has enough guards surrounding him that no one will even get a glimpse of the man," I say, nervously smoothing my hand down my dress.4

I slip my arm through Nick's, and we approach the entrance. Pack warriors stand on either side, while a beautiful she-wolf stands at the door, ticking off names as people arrive. +

"And you two are?" she asks, smiling even though she can smell we are rogues. While some accept that the term rogue has changed over time, others have not. And while some rogues are dangerous, most of us are not. +

"Nick Sanders and Ava Smith," Nick introduces, the woman searching for our names on the clipboard before ticking us off. +

"You are the only two rogues in this area, and yet you don't smell like rogues," she says, leaning forward to give me a better sniff. "Interesting. Well, good luck, and I hope you enjoy it." She smiles at us before moving on to the group behind us. 26

Wow, that was interesting. I knew we were the only rogues in our town, but I didn't realize we were the only rogues in the Eastern area. Saving that information for later, I follow Nick's lead as we walk down the long corridor to the large hall we can see through massive double doors. The decorations and furnishings scream wealth. No expense has been spared. In the center of the hall is a huge buffet while waiters walk around serving entrees and champagne. Soft music fills the air, and everyone is dressed up in ballgowns and suits. 1

Immediately, all eyes are on us. Noses lift in the air as they scent us—most frown in confusion or shock, I suppose that we are here, while others look at us with interest.+

I recognize some faces from our old pack, though gauging from their expressions, they do not recognize us. No surprise, really, as we look completely different nine years later. I wonder if I will bump into my parents. They never contacted me once I left the pack, and even though I tried calling them, they would not answer. Eventually, I gave up. The saddest part was that I didn't even miss them. They wrote me off long before I left, so I had a lot of time to prepare. 6

"Well, well. If it isn't little Ava and her sidekick." A voice I long never to hear again. Nick squeezes my hand as we both turn around. There, in all his arrogant glory, stands my ex-mate—the man who almost destroyed me—Alpha Alexander of The Bloodmoon Pack.33

Please let me know what you think so far and don't forget to vote!12

This body of work is available exclusively on Wattpad. If you're viewing it on a different website or under a different username, it has been illegally stolen, and you may be at risk of malware. Please do not support these sites, as writing a book takes long hours of hard work and effort. Head over to Wattpad and let me, the original author, know if you encounter this situation by finding me @greenwitchwrites.1

Braiden6

"Everything's ready, my King. All the guests have arrived, and the border has been locked down for now." I look over at my beta Samuel. His use of the words 'my King' irritating me more and more these days, even though I have heard them for most of my life. 1

Lately, I feel trapped by my crown. By my status as ruler of all wolves. It wasn't even the responsibility. I could undertake most of the tasks required by me with my eyes closed. I also had a great team who could assist me if I wanted downtime, so it wasn't even that. I couldn't place where the feeling stemmed from. Perhaps officially taking Selene as my mate and Queen would quell the feeling. Maybe a pup was what I needed. 10

Yet, it felt wrong. It was like I was missing something. Perhaps it was because Selene wasn't my fated mate that made it feel so incomplete, for lack of a better word. But if I hadn't found her by now, then it wouldn't happen. Perhaps it was punishment levied by the moon goddess for all I had done to get here. For all the blood on my hands.+

"You ready, darling?" Selene asks, appearing beside me in the mirror. She doesn't look at me but instead looks at her own reflection, her hands puffing her blue ballroom dress as if it needs to be any bigger. She insisted on the most over-the-top, extravagant dress for the occasion.12

She was vain, no denying, but she was also loyal. My mother had insisted on me keeping her close and had personally groomed her to fulfill all the duties required to become the future Queen. My mother also insisted I needed to take a mate, preferably Selene, before my leadership was called into question. There were murmurings of an uprising. Taking a Luna strengthened my position, as would a future heir. And so I found myself here. 2

"Let's go mingle with the commoners," Selene says, not even jokingly, as she takes my arm, a smile plastered on her professionally made-up face. 35

My beta precedes us as we exit the room and walk toward the hall where all the pack members have gathered. Darius, the voice of one of my only friends and the Alpha hosting this event, announces our entrance. The smirk on his face tells me he knows how tedious I find this. Selene, on the other hand, loves all the attention and meets the guests with a grace that could only have been taught by my mother. She smiles and waves as if she is already royalty as we make our way to a throne just to the left where we have entered. Right in the front of the hall. I sit while Selene stands beside me. When officially announced as my mate, she will have a throne next to me. She has already ordered the one she wants.12

Eyes stare back at me, and necks bared in submission as my innate power exerts dominance across the room. 1

"Thank you all for being here. Please continue and enjoy the evening. We will deal with business later," I say, waving my hand in dismissal at the room as everyone slowly returns to their conversations, some whispering about me, no doubt. Rumors about me flourished with little nourishment, like weeds. 1

As was customary, all in attendance would do a meet and greet, approaching the throne and bowing before exchanging a formal greeting and then some small talk. 3

For me, it was the most tedious part of this ceremonial gathering, and I hoped to get it out of the way soon—something I had expressed to Darius before arriving. He facilitated that by bringing groups of people to me and introducing them to make it much quicker and easier. Selene stood next to me, making sure my drink was topped up and making small talk with people as they gathered before us.+

"Nearly there, my King," Darius says when we are alone. "We just have the two rogues left, and then we can make the announcement."12

"Are you sure about this, Braiden?" he asks quietly, his vocal objection to this on many occasions coming back to me. He did not like Selene and considered her a snake in sheep's clothing. 17

"She is the best fit," I say to him, my tone conveying that the subject is closed for discussion. Though we were friends and he was one of only two people who called me Braiden, I was still the King. +

"Where is she?" he asks, sipping his whiskey while peering around the room. 5

"She has gone to freshen up her makeup in preparation for what is to come. Where are these rogues?" I ask, changing the subject.4

"Gabe has gone in search of them. Is it not strange that they are the only rogues in the East?" Darius asks out loud. The same thought occurred when I heard only two rogues would attend. +

Before I can ponder the thought further, my wolf surges forward, my guards and Samuel standing close, silently pulling forward in case of danger. I shake my head, trying to clear it. My control is impeccable, so this is out of sorts. I signal them to stand back as Damien clears his throat, his eyes darting to my hands, the claws elongating and digging into the chair's wood. I sheath them, looking around as guest bear their necks, fear clearly running its course through the room.6

"What's wrong?" he asks quietly, his eyes darting around the room, looking for danger. +

"It's nothing," I grunt out, my nose sniffing the air, ears twitching as I try and understand what is causing my wolf to get so riled up. +

There it is. I stand up as the wolf approaches me, eyeing me calmly as he does. Gabe flanks his side, identifying him as one of the rogues. +

My wolf pushes forward as I do, the rogue standing his ground as people step away from him. +

"Name," I say, stepping towards him as the scent hits me, my eyes changing as my claws elongate again. +

"Nick Sanders. A rogue. Living in Old Town. I am registered with the sheriff's office," he says, his voice confident and sure while bowing slightly to show submission, his eyes briefly leaving mine to look at Samuel behind me.3

"Where is the other one?" I grunt out, barely able to talk my wolf is battling me so hard. I approach him slowly as the scent engulfs me, a mixture of sweet apples and pine cones. 8

"Sick. She is waiting for me outside. We will return home," he says, the words snapping something in me as I lunge forward, capturing him by his neck and holding him up. 15

"Home. Whose home?" I ask, the answer important to me.+

"Our home," he grunts, holding onto my arm for support. I sniff his body, the scent stronger in some areas than others.1

I drop him to the ground, growling out loud and grabbing a chair close by before hurtling it across the room so it hits the wall behind us with a thud. The whole room is silently watching, confused, like I am. It's that, or I rip his head off.11

"Not my mate," Nick says quickly, sensing this is the issue before I do, as his words take the edge off my anger.7

"Take me to her," I demand as he gets up, rubbing his neck, his blue eyes watching me apprehensively before he nods and starts walking.2

Darius and my guards follow behind us as Nick leads us through the hall, along the corridor, and out the entrance. All the while, the intoxicating scent gets stronger and stronger.+

Nick starts running, as do I, when I hear a commotion along the side of the hall, past where the cars are parked. +

"Get off me, Alec!" A woman's voice shouts as the struggle continues. +

"What are you going to do? You can't even shift runt." Alpha Alexander. I know his voice. Anger erupts when the scene comes into view, his hand landing a hard slap across her gorgeous face, sending her to the ground. 18

The howl that erupts from the woman stops all of us dead in our tracks. All except for Nick, who runs towards her, pushing Alexander out of the way before he drops to his knees. 5

"Breathe, Ava," he coos softly as she writhes around on the ground, her body arching unnaturally.1

"It's too strong," she whispers in agony. +

I edge forward, my wolf egging me on as my eyes change from black to grey to black. +

What happens next brings more than one guard to their knees, gasps heard behind me from the few there to witness. +

White fur erupts from her body, a body that grows much larger than her petite frame was before, much larger than a regular werewolf. Feet and hands break and reform, becoming beautiful big white paws with sharp claws and brown hair transforms, face elongating to become that of a wolf—the only white wolf in the world. Said to be a reincarnation of the moon goddess herself. The perfect match for the only black wolf in the world. The perfect match for me. 12

Her eyes lock with mine, pain reflected in their white depths as she claws at her skin.+

"Help me. We must hold her down!" Nick shouts as Ava starts scratching and nipping at her skin, pieces of flesh and fur being ripped from her left upper leg.6

I issue the instruction, running toward her. Darius holds her upper body down while I grab her head, clamping her jaw shut. Our eyes lock with each other as sparks erupt at the contact. 2

Nick holds her legs down with the help of some of my guards. Her magnificent white eyes look at me with a mixture of terror and pain as we restrain her, her strength requiring more constraints than any normal wolf would need.1

"What's wrong with her?" I ask Nick while stroking her head, my touch calming her down. Seeing her like this scares me. A new feeling for me. 1

"That," he says, his eyes landing on the item close to Ava's mouth. It is covered in blood, but as I smear it away, the sting on my skin confirms what it is. Silver. 22

Please don't forget to comment and vote!2

This body of work is available exclusively on Wattpad. If you're viewing it on a different website or under a different username, it has been illegally stolen, and you may be at risk of malware. Please do not support these sites, as writing a book takes long hours of hard work and effort. Head over to Wattpad and let me, the original author, know if you encounter this situation by finding me @greenwitchwrites.+

Ava+

Fuck, it hurts so much. First, the sting of my cheek and then the familiar pain that precedes a shift. 2

"Breathe, Ava," Nick says, dropping to his knees beside me. +

I try, but I can't. +

"It's too strong," I whisper as my body bends, the crack of my bones echoing in my skull. It shouldn't be this painful, but the silver fights against my shift, making it agony—every time. Which is why I avoid it. 5

As my body bends, my eyes meet with grey ones that turn black, the figure housing them, unlike any man I have ever seen. He is huge. And muscular. And angry, I note, as a silver piece in the top of my left thigh starts stinging. So badly that I claw at it, eventually nipping it out with my teeth. The relief is short-lived as another starts stinging. But before I can get to it, strong arms pin me down. +

And then I feel it as I lock eyes with the stranger kneeling beside me. His large hand clamps my jaw shut with ease as sparks erupt at the contact. Our eyes lock together, realization hitting me. +

His gravelly voice strokes me as he asks Nick what is wrong with me. Indeed, what is wrong with me? Perhaps the question he should ask is, what is right with me? 1

My heart aches thinking he has met me like this. So weak. +

I miss Nick's response, too caught up in my sorrow at our meeting like this. +

"She needs to change back. You can make her. I know what you are to her," Nick says to the stranger quietly, his eyes briefly meeting mine before he lets go and steps back.+

"Let her go," the stranger orders, all arms pinning me down releasing me. +

He pulls me forward, his breath tickling my ear as he whispers.+

"Shift back, Ava." It's said so sweetly, so quietly. But so loud in other ways. It resonates with my heart. With my wolf that I cannot control, a command she reads as she instantly calms down. 11

"There, that's it," he soothes, his hand stroking my fur as it recedes, bones breaking and reforming as I slowly return to my human form. Without the pain, something else overwhelms me. Sparks and his scent. So deliciously spicy, like gingerbread at Christmas time, that I lean into him and take a deep breath, sighing on the exhale.1

"Look away!" he roars, looking up, the harshness of his voice making me jump as he takes his suit jacket off, placing it over my naked torso. 6

"Sorry," he says quietly, his gaze meeting mine again, repositioning me before standing. +

I must be in shock as I allow this to happen, no argument falling from my tongue. The sparks I feel, the warmth of his jacket, and his scent consume me, making me compliant. +

"Take him away. I will deal with him personally," the stranger says to someone close by, anger making the words rumble in his body and leaving me wondering who he is talking about. I feel so tired. So tired that I yawn. And then my eyes close. And the last thing I remember is someone saying something strange.+

"Yes, my King."4

                                                                      ....................................................................2

I wake with a start, sitting up so quickly that dizziness has me plopping back as swiftly. +

"Don't." A woman's voice says gently from nearby, followed by orders to let the King know I'm conscious. +

"Here, sip on this slowly," she says, gently taking my hand and placing a glass in it. I sip slowly, my gaze taking in her lowered head as if she is avoiding eye contact and then my surroundings. 3

I am in a room. A room filled with the scent of Christmas and so grand it makes me not want to touch anything for fear of tarnishing it. Even the bedspread covering me is lush and feels like it was made from fairy hair strands or the fine hairs of a thousand baby puppies.

"Ava!" Finally, a voice I know. Nick rushes towards the bed as the female takes the glass from me, placing it on the bedside table before disappearing.+

"Nick!" I practically jump into his arms, thankful he is here. Wherever here is.+

"How are you feeling?" he asks as he sits beside me. +

"I'm fine," I say, waving my hand in the air, "but where the hell are we? And why do you smell so different?"+

"We are still on Silver Wood pack lands. After what happened, you were brought here." Nick talks while I lift the bed covers, noticing I am in a shirt. A shirt that, when I lift it to my nose, smells like the scent in this room, just stronger. Yummy. And so big that the sleeves hang halfway down my arm. If I stand, it will probably meet my knees. I sigh out in relief when I realize I am at least in panties under this. Not a pair of my own, though, as these are in a different style to the ones I usually wear.+

"Um, what is this?" I ask, flapping my arms in the air so that the sleeve moves as I do. "Where's the dress you bought me?"+

"That was not salvageable after what happened. Do you remember what happened, Ava?" Nick asks me with concern while he holds out his hand, helping me out of the bed. As I guessed, the shirt is hanging just shy of my knees. But so silky it brushes my skin gently, like a caress, as I move. +

My head snaps up as flashes of what preceded me being here run through my mind. +

"How bad is it? Did anyone see?" I ask, remembering grey eyes and many hands.+

"Yes. That ship has sailed. I'm sorry, Ava. I tried calming you down, but your wolf reacted when that asshole Alpha Alexander slapped you. They know what you are. The King-" I cut him off, memories of the night coming back to me.+

"The King. Shit, Nick. Did the King find out? Am I in trouble?" My heart starts beating faster as I remember someone referring to the King just before I passed out.+

"Not exactly. But you need to know something. Your mate..." Nick says, his words petering off as he looks at me, trying to find the right words. +

"You mean my ex-mate Alpha Alexander?" I ask, filling in what I think he refers to when he says nothing. +

"That asshole. You know he wants me back? That's what he said, and when I said no, he got angry and tried to force me. After everything he put me through. Put us through," I say, waving my hand in the air as I head towards the door I think is the closet, hoping I can find some clothes. +

"If I ever see him again, I swear to God, Nick. I might kill him," I say, opening the closet doors and nearly jumping out of my skin when a deep, gravelly voice joins my little tirade. +

"Not if I kill him first."41

Please don't forget to comment and vote!1

This body of work is available exclusively on Wattpad. If you're viewing it on a different website or under a different username, it has been illegally stolen, and you may be at risk of malware. Please do not support these sites, as writing a book takes long hours of hard work and effort. Head over to Wattpad and let me, the original author, know if you encounter this situation by finding me @greenwitchwrites.+

Braiden+

The little minx is standing with her back to me, my far too big shirt on her, covering everything essential but having the same effect as lingerie. It is the sexiest thing I have ever seen. Her brown curly hair is messy and flat at the back because she has been horizontal and unconscious for two days, but it doesn't detract from this look. It adds to it, like putting butter cream on a cake. 9

She doesn't turn immediately but inhales deeply, goosebumps forming on her legs and the parts of her arms I can see. My ego flares, knowing my scent impacts her as much as hers does me. It has consumed me since meeting her, lingering on me where her naked flesh touched mine. I was told about a mate scent, but to experience it is something else. Its potency is surprising.+

"Leave Nick." The command is issued, my eyes glued to her back as she stands frozen in place. +

"I will see you later, okay?" Nick says softly, snapping her out of her trance.+

"No. Who do you think you are?" she whirls around, her brows furrowed as she places her hands on her hips. 8

Her beauty floors me every time. I memorized her features while she was unconscious, but this is much better. So much expression, not just in the small lines that form at the sides of her eyes as her eyes pull slightly or the tiny pout of her lips, but in the depths of her eyes. Green eyes the color of the olives found at my favorite olive grove in Greece. 3

"You can't just boss people around. What if he is my boyfriend?" she asks, a smile crossing my face when I see Nick blush.1

"Highly unlikely," I say to her, stepping further into the room. "If that were the case, his mate would not be impressed."16

"His mate," she gasps, turning to him. "Your mate. Geezus, how long have I been asleep? When did this happen?"2

"He will tell you later. For now, I will speak to you alone." I interrupt, not giving Nick time to answer. These words have her turning on her heel, her hands still on her hips, and inadvertently pulling the shirt up to reveal more of her gorgeous legs.

"You can't just boss people around," her words are cute but disturbing at the same time. She doesn't know who I am. +

"Well, actually, he can. He is the King," Nick says, his words instantly changing her features as fear appears briefly, so strong it even taints her scent. Her hands drop to the side, her eyes moving from mine to Nick.1

"You'll be fine. I promise. I'll be back later." And with those words, he leaves, the click of the door behind us indicating we are finally alone.+

"Why don't you know my face? While not frequently, I have appeared on social media and in the papers." This question seems to calm her, some confidence returning as she turns around and continues rummaging in the cupboard.+

"When I was younger and lived in a pack, I was never shown a picture of you, though I had heard of you. When I became rogue, I swore to remove myself from the werewolf world as far as possible. If this stupid gathering weren't mandatory, I would never have gone. I also don't read werewolf news or have any social media accounts." She pulls out a pink t-shirt and some tracksuit pants, clothes I arranged for her yesterday. +

"Can you please turn around?" she asks, facing me, irritated.+

"Illogical. I have seen everything already. How do you suppose you got into my shirt to begin with." Lie. While she was naked after shifting back, pieces of her dress had remained draped across her body, covering sections. By the time I got my jacket on her, my eyes were so focused on who of the guards were looking at her that I barely had a chance to take in her magnificence. When I brought her in here, the nurse and doctor tended to her injuries and dressed her in my shirt while I beat the shit out of Alpha Alexander.11

"You've seen everything," she chokes out, turning around and unbuttoning the front of my shirt.+

"Well, that's refreshing. Then you know I am not a normal werewolf. That I cannot heal like the rest of us can," she says, allowing the shirt to fall to the ground so that she is in just her panties—part of the clothes I arranged. 9

My eyes travel up from her ankles, only now noticing small scars dotting her skin. While it is more infrequent on her legs, as I travel upward over her delicious rear, a loud growl escapes me. Pure fucking rage surges through me when I see the array of scars littering her back. Some are inflicted by a knife, others by scratches. Claws. +

"What the fuck happened to you, Ava?" I can barely get the question out, her arms quickly finding the holes in the sleeves before pulling it over her head.5

"I don't know," she says, spinning to face me. +

"Don't play with me, Ava. Who did this to you?" I growl out, trying to calm myself down.10

"I said, I don't know. All I remember was a white room and some doctors. And the pain. Beyond that, I don't know who did this," she says again, looking away as her eyes water. +

I mind-link Samuel, telling him to bring Ava's parents to Darius' office. With Alpha Alexander being held in one of the Silver Wood prison cells and the rule of Bloodmoon Pack up in the air, everyone from that pack who attended the gathering was still here, including Ava's parents, to my surprise. They never once asked about her. Their lack of concern was unusual.3

"Anyway, that's ancient history." She pulls on the tracksuit pants, turning around again to look at me, all sadness gone. +

"Look, this has been fun, but it's time for me to leave. Bill and Angie over at the diner are probably worried about me, and I have missed two shifts already," she says, looking around the room as if to check if she has left something behind before looking at me and then at the door behind me.   2

She steps toward it as I approach her, blocking her path. +

Her nostrils flare, out of anger and because of my scent invading her space, as hers does mine. +

Her eyes close, and she leans forward, inhaling deeply before pulling back, her eyes flying open when she realizes what she has done. Confusion flashes across her features. Followed by irritation.+

"Please move," she demands, stepping back to look up at me.+

"No." I step forward, crowding her and forcing her back. With each step back, I take one forward until her back is against the wall beside the bed.+

"What are you doing?" she asks nervously, her hands plastered to the wall while she looks up at me.+

I lift my hand slowly, my index finger touching her jaw. The sparks where we touch make her eyes widen.+

I run the finger along her jaw and down her neck, pushing her hair back. Her eyes close, and her head inches to the other side, a moan leaving her lips when I place my nose to her neck.+

"What-what are you doing?" she asks huskily, her voice coated with the sexual tension between us. +

"I'm finding the place where my mark goes," I murmur, kissing her neck right at the spot where my teeth will penetrate her skin, making her mine. The spot smells the sweetest, and when I flick my tongue out and lick it, I swear it tastes just as heavenly. She moans out, her hands clinging to my shoulders as I suck deeply on that spot, tempted to mark her now and make her mine.12

"Braiden." The feminine voice behind me has Ava jumping, her cheeks flushing bright red as she locks eyes with me.1

Fuck. I told her to leave, but she didn't listen.3

"Selene. What are you doing here?" 42

Please don't forget to comment and vote!1

This body of work is available exclusively on Wattpad. If you're viewing it on a different website or under a different username, it has been illegally stolen, and you may be at risk of malware. Please do not support these sites, as writing a book takes long hours of hard work and effort. Head over to Wattpad and let me, the original author, know if you encounter this situation by finding me @greenwitchwrites.+

Ava+

"Braiden." The woman addresses him with such informality that a spike of jealousy blooms before I push it back down.+

"Selene. What are you doing here?" Braiden asks, his tone devoid of emotion. 1

His eyes don't leave me, roaming my face as I squirm under his scrutiny and in this situation. The intrusion is a godsend, considering how I had lost my head moments ago and nearly let this stranger mark me. This stranger, the King.+

"I need to talk to you," Selene says with an air of authority that I would have thought would have irked Braiden. Instead, he takes a step back from me and turns around, allowing me to see the woman who has managed to pull him from this moment.+

I almost roll my eyes at how pretty she is. The moon goddess must have been having a laugh. Must have swopped us out by accident. +

"Perfect. Because I need to leave," I say, taking the opportunity to brush past Braiden. Selene eyes me with distaste as I pass her, my nose scrunching up in disgust when I smell she reeks of Braiden. Part of me wants to rip her to shreds, but another part is glad. I don't want this. I don't want any part of this. My life is simple and quiet—just me and Nick. No pack drama. No mate drama. A drama-free life. 9

"You're not going anywhere. Nick is busy, and none of my people will take you back to Old Town," Braiden drawls out, his words doing nothing to ease the irritation ignited by Selene. 4

"I'll walk then!" I shout, exiting the room and slamming the door shut behind me. +

Fuming, I march down the long corridor, almost jumping in fright when I catch a reflection in one of the mirrors I pass. I cringe when I realize it is me. I approach it, my hands flying to my hair, which is everywhere. 5

"Fuck, man," I say, running my hands unsuccessfully through my hair and whining when I encounter a large knot at the back. 5

"You must be Ava!" A woman squeals, appearing beside me and making me jump with fright.+

"I'm Briana. But you can call me Bri. What are you doing?" She asks me, her big blue eyes staring at me while her bleached blond hair bounces as she does. She must only be around eighteen, but she is at least a head taller than me. And she looks like someone, though I cannot put my finger on who it is. 4

"I, um, I'm looking for the exit," I say to her, my words causing the beautiful grin to fall from her face. +

"You're leaving? But you just woke up," she whines, her shoulders slumping as if I have given her the worst news in the world. +

"I have things I need to do," I say, feeling guilty even though I have no reason to. +

"Well, you can't leave looking like that, and you haven't eaten yet!" she says, her face brightening up as she grabs my hand and starts pulling me toward a door on the right—a room. Her room, by the looks of all the clothes strewn across the place. Expensive clothes.+

My stomach growls loudly. Just mentioning food activates my hunger, making me realize how starved I am. 1

"Your stomach can't lie!" she says, laughing as she drags me through the room and into the ensuite bathroom. +

"Have a shower, and a new toothbrush is under the sink. You can use my brush," she says, her face lighting up as she holds up the pretty bright yellow hairbrush. 8

"When you are done, we can go find some food. And then you can be on your way," she says, winking at me before she closes the door, leaving me dumbfounded.+

What Twilight Zone nonsense is this? It's like I have been transported to someone else life. 6

I lean forward, once again taking in my appearance. The nest on my head seals the deal as I strip down, hopping into the shower with a vigor spurred on by thoughts of leaving this place. +

The cut on my upper thigh stings as dried blood washes away, tainting the water red. 3

Shit, I forgot about that. About shifting. I need to get away from here and quickly. The whole white wolf nonsense and all that krap about the white wolf being the reincarnation of the moon goddess herself. What a load of crock. The moon goddess wouldn't reincarnate into this body. This one was riddled with scars and bits of silver. It was a mistake. Cast out by my own pack. Rejected by a mate that the same moon goddess was supposed to have picked. And now stuck with one who was not just the King of all wolves but was clearly in a relationship with another woman. No, thank you. 19

By the time I climb out, there is a fresh pair of clothing on the basin, courtesy of Bri. I am surprised these clothes fit me like a glove. She is taller and skinnier than I am. Even the slip-on black shoes fit perfectly and are so comfortable it's like wearing a cloud. They are also designer and way too fancy for the walk I had in mind. I brush my teeth and hair, feeling a million times better than I did an hour ago. Food would have to wait, though, as I needed to get the hell out of dodge. +

"And?" Bri asks as I exit the bathroom, her face excited. "Do you feel better?"+

"Much. Thank you. I'll have the clothes sent back to you when I get home," I smile at her, running a hand over the gorgeous figure-hugging black top and pants I am wearing. +

"Come, let's go get some food," she says, pulling my hand and dragging me out of the room and back down the passage we were in earlier. +

"I really can't, Bri," I say to her, trying to pull my hand back. +

"But Nick is waiting for you." Those words out of her mouth have me reconsidering. He would take me home. 1

"He is here still? Why hasn't he come for me?" I ask her as she continues leading us down the long corridor.+

"He was busy with his mate, I suppose," she says cheerily. "I can't wait to find my mate. It must be so lovely to have someone made only for you. And you only for them." Her voice is dreamy. Probably like mine once was when I was young. Before I was rejected by the one meant to love me. To accept me. And with the King already in a relationship with someone who matched him better than I did, I would not endure their mating while this bond lingered between us. +

I always knew when Alpha Alexander was sleeping with another woman. It would be like a knife through my heart every time it happened, the pain shooting through my body for the duration of their encounter. Lucky for me, Alpha Alexander was a selfish lover, and it was often over fairly quickly. However, he did have an impressive recovery time. 9

Thoughts go back to Braiden's mouth on my neck, how delicious it felt. That encounter alone told me he might not be as selfish a lover as Alpha Alexander. Not something I wished to endure while he shacked up with Selene. So, I would reject him. Yes. That was a good idea. 4

Find the King, reject him, and then leave—the perfect plan.11

I'm so wrapped up in the happy plan I have formulated that I don't notice where we are until the noise in the room fades. +

I look around, a sea of faces looking back at me. At the back of the room, on a raised platform, sits Braiden on his throne. His grey eyes lock with mine, challenging me. Next to him is an empty chair, similar in grandeur to his own. Must be for Selene, I think, hurt surfacing before I squash it down. 7

No. I would not be second best this time. Resolute, I school my features. Ready for this rejection.8

Please don't forget to comment and vote!1

This body of work is available exclusively on Wattpad. If you're viewing it on a different website or under a different username, it has been illegally stolen, and you may be at risk of malware. Please do not support these sites, as writing a book takes long hours of hard work and effort. Head over to Wattpad and let me, the original author, know if you encounter this situation by finding me @greenwitchwrites.+

Braiden+

She stands tall, her shoulders held high as she looks around the room. Briana looks at me, giving me a wink before pulling Ava forward. Trust my sister to get her here. Briana had a way of convincing people. Though I was surprised she had managed to sway Ava. 8

I saw the way her nose scrunched up when she passed Selene. Selene had intentionally worn the same dress from the previous day, our last encounter resulting in her throwing herself at me, begging me to reconsider. Begging me to make her Queen when I told her there was a change of plan and that I would not be announcing her as that for the foreseeable future. I didn't tell her about Ava being my mate. But I suggested there was someone else. When she tried to pry more details out of me, I reminded her that as King, I did not answer to her and she would do well to remember her place.9

Her crying and pleading had been pitiful, but I could understand, considering the years of friendship and one-sided love. I knew she loved me, but I had never returned those sentiments and had even voiced that to her when I agreed to make her my Queen—told her that it was out of necessity—told myself that. What a mistake. To think that choosing a mate could trump a fated mate. There was nothing to compare.5

Even now, as Ava weaves her way through the crowded hall, her scent fills the room. Overpowers every other. Floods my senses. I don't know how that asshole Alpha Alexander rejected her. His mate. It was fated that he would. He cannot handle the little minx. He is too weak. The Moon goddess must have realized this. Realised her mistake in matching the only white wolf with anyone other than her equal. Anyone other than myself. 17

Her eyes land on Nick, who is sitting with Samuel close by. He stands up and, with one look from me, sits back down. She looks between the two of us, a frown forming on her face. 9

"Brother, look who I brought," Briana says, surprise on Ava's face telling me she was none the wiser. +

"Your brother," Ava grinds out while Briana beams up at her, the pride of being the King's little sister showing on her young face. +

"The very same. We will be sisters then," Briana gushes, Ava shushing her and looking around nervously. +

"Bri. Can I talk to your brother quickly? Privately," Ava asks with a strained smile as she looks at Briana and then around her. +

"Um, okay," Briana looks at me. With a nod of my head, she disappears. +

"Sit." I point to the chair beside me, Ava's eyes going wide with shock.+

No one in this hall besides Samuel, Nick, Briana, and Darius knew what Ava was to me. The curious glances I received when I requested a chair next to me did not go unnoticed. But I didn't care. If she willing sat down beside me, I would declare her Queen and my mate, right here, right now. 2

"That is for your Queen," she says while her eyebrows arch up, trying to keep her voice low. Her expressiveness is refreshing. She uses every muscle in her face to depict her feelings, like a canvas that changes painters from minute to minute. Second to second.1

"Yes. It is." My response infuriates her, her hands flying up to rest on her hips. She is a little spitfire. 1

"For Selene. I know what she is to you. I could smell you all over her. I won't go through this again, my King," she hisses, purposefully not using my name. 1

So that fucking shit stain ex-mate of hers cheated on her before rejecting her. I have heard how painful that is. So intense, some women have said it is worse than childbirth. My anger flares at what this woman, my mate, went through on more than one occasion. My response is such that even her stance falters, and several of my pack members perk up, their eyes taking in the scene causing their King's current emotional state. 7

"Listen. I'm not what you are looking for. Let's just end this now. You can make her Queen. And let's be honest, she suits the role better and looks better at your side. You and her are suited. Me and you, well, were not. So, just give me your full name, or even better, you know mine, so as King, you can reject me, and we can be done with this." 9

Ava saying these words so casually infuriates me, my wolf pushing forward at the thought of her rejecting me. I could never reject her. Already, I am besotted with the woman. Yet she is not with me. My ego was taking a beating at the thought. The thought that my mate didn't want me. 7

She steps back as fur sprouts on my hand, and my teeth elongate, a small growl escaping.+

"Out. Everyone!" I roar, the sound of utensils being dropped on plates and chairs being pushed back almost deafening. Over a thousand wolves clear out in a matter of minutes, my guards pulling the doors closed behind them so that we are now alone. 1

Ava looks around in shock, her hands no longer on her hips. +

"You want to reject me?" I growl out, rising from my chair. +

"Don't you want to reject me?" she answers my question with her own as I approach her, her body stiffening in response. This tells me part of her doesn't want to reject me. She wants the easy way out. She wants to put this on me so she doesn't feel guilty about rejecting our mate bond. 9

"No." The word echoes around the hall as I slowly circle her.1

"So you want me to be your Queen while Selene is your bit on the side?" There is nervousness in her voice. She doesn't want the opposite to be true. She doesn't want me to say it will just be her—just my Ava as Queen.4

"No," I say, dragging my finger down her back as I circle her again. The shiver is unmistakable. "No Selene in this picture. I ended that the same night I met you."2

Ava looks at me with shock, her mouth falling open. I put my finger under her chin while at the same time rolling her bottom lip with my thumb. Fuck, I wanted to bite her lip, kiss her mouth right now. Ravage all those words from her mouth so she never repeated them. +

"But she smelled of you," Ava says, her tongue darting out to touch where my thumb just touched. 1

 "She was deliberately trying to cause a divide. She threw herself at me last night, hoping I would reconsider. Begged me. That is how my scent was so strong. She wore the same dress." My little minx flashes with anger and jealousy, the feeling bursting off her and then being pulled back. 8

I scented the same jealousy when Selene said my name earlier in the room.+

My little minx feels things for me. She won't admit it to herself. I will have to make her. +

"Well, I still think this is a bad idea. I am damaged goods," she says, hurt flashing across her face before she looks away.+

"Your opinion, not mine. Do not tell me how to feel or which of your projected emotions I should wear," I retort, watching her as she pivots on her heel, walking towards the table closest to us. 32

I follow close behind, my eyes raking her body as it sways while she walks. +

A body I want to devour. I want to taste and touch every inch. Every piece of smooth skin and every scar. Know every mark intimately. Not just its position on her body but why it is there. And then I want to replace it with the last memory they will ever have. My kiss, my touch, my caress. Until the frequency of love and attention they receive obliterates every negative association she has with them.16

"So what? We just become mates? Without even knowing each other?" She walks over to the buffet table and picks up a croissant, breaking a piece off and popping it into her mouth. 5

She hasn't eaten since waking. She must be starving. +

"Get food, and then we will talk."+

"Enter!" I shout, the doors opening and everyone piling back in. They look surprised when they see me out of my chair but say nothing, returning to their seats. Ava's shocked expression is comical. I would laugh, but that would be inappropriate. Instead, I grab her hand and place a plate in it before piling it high with a little of everything. 2

Then I lead her over to our chairs, the slight pull on my hand relaying her hesitation.+

"I'm not sitting there. Not yet, anyway. Maybe never," she says, avoiding my gaze, her defiance amusing rather than irritating. 3

"Fine," I say, taking my seat before pulling her forward and onto my lap.72

Please don't forget to comment and vote!1

This body of work is available exclusively on Wattpad. If you're viewing it on a different website or under a different username, it has been illegally stolen, and you may be at risk of malware. Please do not support these sites, as writing a book takes long hours of hard work and effort. Head over to Wattpad and let me, the original author, know if you encounter this situation by finding me @greenwitchwrites.+

Ava+

What the fuck. My eyes go wide in shock as my gaze meets with Braidens. His eyes dare me. Dare me to sit in the chair next to him. Dare me to try and get up. Dare me to do anything. The intensity of his gaze and the feel of his body under me make me blush, and I look away. My eyes meet with some of the pack members sitting close to us. Some smile while others quickly look away. 2

Finally, my eyes lock with Nick. He is sitting beside a good-looking man who smiles back at me.11

Nick winks, his eyebrows lifting jokingly as his head jerks towards Braiden behind me. I roll my eyes, tempted to flip him off. 1

"Sit still," Braiden says quietly, making me realize how much I fidget. +

"You brought this on yourself," I say to him, popping a grape into my mouth while I stare at him cockily. 4

"I could have been sitting at a table like a normal person. Instead, I am on display for everyone to see. One day, you are with Selene, the next with me, and with a Queen's chair next to you. I take it they don't know what we are to each other, so do you not worry about what they are thinking?" I grind out, my frustration at the situation we are in conveyed in the tone of my voice.1

"No. I am the King." His short, arrogant answer is infuriating.7

"Yes. And what is little old me doing sitting on the King's lap? Did you ever think what they might be thinking of me?" 4

He looks back at me with a blank expression, my question not the least bit disturbing to him as it is to me. One minute, he is about to announce his engagement to Selene, and the next, some rando rogue white wolf is sitting on his lap. How does he not see a problem with this? +

"They will know soon enough. Anyone who says anything bad about you will have me to deal with, so don't worry." I shift on his lap, repositioning my massive pile of food. +

"You are going to protect me then? Well, I don't need protecting, my King. I have been doing just fine until now," I say as I poke my finger into his rock-solid pec. +

He grabs my hand, my finger still sticking out, and with eyes locked on mine, he puts my finger in his warm mouth. His tongue swirls around the tip, making my breath hitch and sending my lower stomach into a swirl of nervous energy, the feeling traveling to a spot between my legs that immediately starts throbbing. I clench my thighs at the feel of his tongue. The spark caused by the contact and his overwhelming spicy scent mingle to form some sort of aphrodisiac. I can almost feel my pupils dilating.43

With an embarrassingly loud pop, he releases my finger and leans forward so that we are nearly nose to nose. +

"If you keep clenching your thighs like that, I will take that as a sign that you need a hand and send everyone out again for some more privacy, little minx. Which I am happy to do. Let's see what stories they make up then." He smirks as my eyes widen with embarrassment before leaning back in his chair and laughing. It is the first time I have heard or seen him laugh. His face looks ten years younger, and the sound is so rich and hearty that it sends a shiver down my spine. And completely throws me off guard. The irritation I felt disappears as a small smile plays on my lips. One I try and contain but which still lifts the sides of my mouth, the traitorous bastards.29

I look away, several shocked expressions meeting my gaze as eyes flick between Braiden and myself. I busy myself with eating while at the same time trying to ignore the man igniting a fire inside me as he strokes my thigh. The small circles he draws there keep me in a constant state of awareness and wound tight with desire. Was this how it was with a mate? This electricity zinging between us that feels like it might ignite at any moment.3

The man next to Nick rises and approaches us, Nick following a short distance behind. Relief washes through me but is short-lived.+

"My Queen, I am Samuel—beta of my King's royal pack." He says quietly so that no one else can hear. 1

"No. Don't do that," I hiss, my hand flapping uselessly in the air as if that could erase the title he used to address me. "I am not your Queen."+

"Yet," Braiden says, his tone bored and completely ignoring the roll of my eyes at his remark. "You will ask Samuel if you need anything. He will arrange it for you. It is convenient that he is also Nicks's mate. At least at my pack, you will know each other."18

"Your pack?" I spit out, my eyes darting between Samuel, Nick, and Braiden. +

"Firstly, congratulations, Samuel, and really nice to meet you," I say, smiling at Samuel, who returns my smile with one of his own.+

"Secondly, um, I'm not going to your pack. No. That's not happening." I expect anger from Braiden, but instead, he brushes me off, clearly not believing my words. +

"We will see," he says as his large hands circle my waist and swiftly lift me off him so I am now standing. +

He rises and takes my half-empty plate, placing it on his chair before grabbing my hand. +

"They are ready for you, my King. They are in Alpha Darius' office as requested," Samuel says, turning around and heading toward one of the exits with Nick. We follow, Braiden holding my hand firmly while I tug on it, trying to release my hand.4

"Where are we going?" I ask him as we continue out the hall and through the pack house, upstairs toward a long corridor. +

"We will talk to your parents. We need to find out what happened to you." Braiden's words do the trick, and I pull my hand free with all the force I can muster. 5

I stop in my tracks, Braiden similarly stopping and then turning around slowly. His face is devoid of any emotion. +

"I don't want to see them. We haven't spoken in over nine years. I doubt they even cared for me in the 27 years I was alive. This is pointless." I look away, trying to control the rising emotions at the thought. I might as well have been an orphan. 10

Braiden approaches me, his knuckles under my chin, forcing my face up and forward so that I look at him. +

"You won't see them again after today. I promise. Only if you want to. But you can't run anymore. It is time we figure some things out. Someone did this to you, Ava. Don't you want to know why?" His voice is surprisingly gentle, and his face has softened. His hand cups my cheek, the move so tender I lean into it.23

"If they hurt you, they deal with me. If the truth hurts you, we deal with it together. But hiding is no longer possible because I see you."50

His head dips, and his lips ghost across mine, so light it is hard to tell if there was even contact. 1

The hand cupping my cheek drops and once again grasps mine. +

This time, when he walks, there is no resistance. We walk hand in hand towards answers. And as I look up at the man beside me, I don't feel so frightened. 14

Please don't forget to comment and vote!+

This body of work is available exclusively on Wattpad. If you're viewing it on a different website or under a different username, it has been illegally stolen, and you may be at risk of malware. Please do not support these sites, as writing a book takes long hours of hard work and effort. Head over to Wattpad and let me, the original author, know if you encounter this situation by finding me @greenwitchwrites.+

Braiden+

As I enter the room, the first thing I smell is fear. My eyes drift across the room, finding the two people who, if I had it my way, would be dead. They bow slightly, their gazes only briefly holding mine. Perhaps they can sense what is to come. When Nick told me about their treatment of Ava when they were in a pack, a loathing for these two settled deep in my soul. One that could only be removed with their death. 3

But killing my mate's parents would probably not do me any favors, so I have refrained—a first on my part.3

Darius smiles at me and rises from his chair behind his desk, sitting on an oversized leather couch instead. I take his place while Samuel and Nick stand off to the side, Nick tense as he looks at Ava's parents. Patrick and Gloria Smith. 1

While my parents were no walk in the park, I knew love. Something my Ava has been robbed of. And not just by her mate rejecting her but first by her parents casting her off. The pack just followed suit. Maybe things would have been different if these two had stood by her. 5

And all because she couldn't shift. My theory as to why lies in an envelope on the table before me. Full body scans taken while Ava was unconscious depicted a horror I couldn't quite fathom. Her body riddled with bits of silver. Strategically placed at exact intervals from head to toe, bar the few that Ava had ripped out during her life when she did shift. It must have been excruciating. I had never heard of such a thing being done, and certainly, no normal wolf would have survived. It was only because Ava was a white wolf, stronger than most other wolves, that she had.14

Ava, who has taken a moment before entering, walks through the door. Head held high and no sign of the emotions I saw just moments ago. That's my girl.14

Ava stands beside me, her eyes on her parents, who look back at her like she is a stranger. Well, she was. Forced into the situation, not by choice.+

"I have called you both here for answers. Remember that lying to your King is treason. Punishable by death. If I sense you are not being truthful, I will use my Alpha command. Force the truth from you. It can be painful for some, especially those weak and small in both stature and character, such as yourselves. For your sake, I hope we don't resort to that. Understood." Fear seeps from Ava's parents, so strong and pungent that Darius opens and closes his mouth as if trying to rid his tastebuds of the acrid taste it causes.3

"My-my King. We do not understand. Why are we here?" Patrick finally grows a backbone, his eyes darting from me to Ava and then back again. They have not heard about the exact details of the incident with Ava or her connection to me, though they were informed that their daughter was injured. After the mandatory greeting of their King at the gathering, they retreated to their assigned room as Gloria was feeling unwell. 1

"I want you to tell me about these," I pull the scans out of the envelope, Samuel taking a copy and handing it to Patrick while I hand Ava a copy, her eyebrows dipping in confusion. +

On the other hand, her parents look at the scan not with the same confusion but with eyes wide and fearful.+

"What is this, Braiden?" Her parent's heads snap up, the casual use of my name by their daughter more shocking than the document in their hands.+

"The doctor took precautionary full body scans while you were unconscious to check for injuries. We never expected to see this," I say to Ava as Nick approaches, taking the scan from her. His expression morphs from confusion to rage, as did mine, when he sees what has been done to Ava. When you really start thinking about it, the rage builds. +

"You guys knew about this?" Nick asks Patrick and Gloria, his face red with anger and his voice full of disgust.+

"N-not the extent of it, but yes, we knew about it. When Ava fell and broke her arm when she was eight, the doctor picked up on the scan that silver was lodged in her skin and muscles, but we didn't know about the rest. And when he said it was just one or two, we left it. He said it wouldn't make a difference to her." Gloria answers, looking between myself and Patrick as she talks, perhaps hoping for his reassurance.+

"You didn't think it impacted me? It is probably why it took weeks for the bone to heal. Other wolves healed in days," Ava spits out, her anger at her parents clear as they bristle under the attack. +

"You were always different. We thought it was just the way you were. When you came to us that small with all those cuts, how would we know what had happened to you? We couldn't argue with Alpha Maddox, Alexander's father. As Alpha at the time, he would have thrown us out." Patrick's words come out rushed and defensive, causing shocked gasps from Ava and Nick. 2

"What are you talking about? When I came to you? Are you saying-" Ava's voice cracks, her head shaking in disbelief.+

"Are you saying you are not my parents?" She finally asks, her voice filled with hurt and betrayal. I reach over and lace her tiny hand with mine, the unconscious squeeze she gives it like a lifeline she is grasping onto. Patrick and Gloria's gaze follow the movement, their eyes widening as they stare at our clasped hands.+

"Answer Ava," I growl, my eyes remaining on Ava's face, her hurt expression one I will never forget. She already knows. I can see her going through every memory, picking apart every interaction. The possibility validating every action they took when they discarded her like no parent would. Because they were not her parents.3

"Yes. We are not your parents," Patrick finally says, no remorse or regret in his voice. They felt nothing for Ava. Saw her as nothing more than a burden thrust onto them by their Alpha. 2

"Geezus. That explains a lot," Nick says, shifting closer to Ava so that his arm touches hers. Her eyes meet his before his hand squeezes her arm reassuringly. He would hug her if he could, but then she would break, and she didn't want to do that in front of these people. She has her pride—something I admire immensely about her. 5

"Twenty-seven years old, and you now tell me you are not my parents. And only under duress. If this didn't happen, I would have gone my whole life thinking what shitty parents I had. Do you know how much fucking easier and less confusing it would have been if you just told me when I was younger. You guys fucked me up emotionally. Distorted my view of love. I wish I were more emotionally mature to feel anything other than hate for you right now. But I'm not, and you have only yourselves to blame. The only role models I had growing up. So this is on you." Ava's venomous words do the job everything else has failed to do. For the first time since laying eyes on Patrick and Gloria, guilt flickers across their faces, Gloria's eyes even becoming glossy as if she might shed a tear.9

The room is silent except for Ava's ragged breathing, which slowly evens out. +

 "What do you know about this," Ava asks, holding the scan up.+

"I swear, we know nothing. When you came to us, you could barely talk. We asked you about all the cuts on your body, but you couldn't remember anything. And Alpha Maddox told us we would be exiled from the pack if we ever mentioned it to anyone." They were telling the truth, which was a pity as I would have loved for them to commit treason. Their deaths would not have been quick.3

"You will be treated in the same fashion as Ava has been. I will send out a royal notice to all the packs. No one will give you shelter. From this day forward, you are shunned from the werewolf world and exiled from your pack. You will live out your lives as rogues."14

Patrick's face drains of all blood while Gloria falls to her knees, sobbing uncontrollably. +

"This is a mercy. You have no idea how close you have come to death today," I say, looking up at Ava as she looks at the pair emotionlessly. 2

No one will ever hurt my Queen again.7

Please don't forget to comment and vote!+

This body of work is available exclusively on Wattpad. If you're viewing it on a different website or under a different username, it has been illegally stolen, and you may be at risk of malware. Please do not support these sites, as writing a book takes long hours of hard work and effort. Head over to Wattpad and let me, the original author, know if you encounter this situation by finding me @greenwitchwrites.+

Ava+

I am pacing the room, different from the one assigned to the King I woke up in three days ago. +

While he is unhappy with this arrangement, I cannot just sleep in a bed with a stranger—King or not. 2

After Patrick and Gloria left the office this morning, Samuel informed Nick and me that we would be leaving for the royal pack in the morning. While Nick was excited to go, the mate mark on his neck and mirrored on Samuel no doubt the cause, I couldn't fathom leaving. 5

I wasn't accepted in a pack before. There was no way now would be any different. Not in a royal pack, no less. As Queen. As Luna. As the Kings mate. I wouldn't put myself through that again. I couldn't. Why he didn't just reject me and get it over with was beyond me. Rejecting him was useless as he had to accept, which he refused to do. 4

That left me with little choice but to run. I would head back to Old Town, get some of my stuff and the money I had stashed away for an emergency, and high tail it. This certainly classified as an emergency. Once I got far enough, I would call Nick. 7

I wasn't a prisoner, but I suspected the King had someone watching me, so I waited until now, after midnight, to make my move. 9

The window opens easily, as I already checked earlier. I climb over the window frame, carefully finding my footing on the ledge. Once stable, I shimmy over to a long drainpipe, sure it will hold my weight when I pull on it, and it doesn't budge. I grab on for dear life, using the soles of my sneakers for traction as I edge my way down. Luckily, we are only two stories up, making this reasonably easy. +

Once my feet hit the sand of the flower bed, I inhale deeply, adrenaline pumping through my body. I know the border will have patrols, but I'm sure their focus is on people coming in, not people trying to leave. +

I sprint the short distance to the tree line, scanning the area behind me to ensure no one has been alerted. +

Running has always been enjoyable for me, even more so now as I hit the edge of the border, the pungent scent assaulting me and then fading as I move further away. +

The guilt I feel at leaving Braiden, who, aside from being broody and demanding, has been quite good to me, wells up, making me momentarily second-guess what I am doing. But all feelings fade into the background as pain shoots through my entire being, making me falter and trip. The landing is awkward, and I don't have time to break my fall. The only thing I can do is twist my body as I hit the ground. My shoulder pops, and pain erupts everywhere, but the epicenter is apparent. The hand of my good arm reaches up, clawing at my chest where the most intense ache resides in my heart. So bad that I curl up and cry out.  4

This is worse than shifting. This is like dying. And as the feeling washes over me, the person I think about is not my lifelong friend Nick or my shitty adopted parents, Patrick and Gloria. No. The person I think about has grey eyes and smells like Christmas time.+

I must be delusional as I swear the smell intensifies. I also think I hear loud footsteps, running, but I can't be sure with the pain shifting my focus. I try and call out, but it comes out as a scream, not the words 'I am here' like I intended.3

"Ava!" My name sounds like a growl, and the man of my final minutes appears on his knees before me. +

"What the fuck Ava," his hand engulfs mine, the feeling of relief flooding me. He is real. The sparks are intense. So intense it wars with the pain, slowly pushing it back.+

"More," I mumble, my eyes locked with Braidens, hoping he can understand my request. He must as he lifts me, sitting on the ground while he cradles me in his lap. +

"My arm," I mumble. +

Braiden's hands prod my shoulder, though the pain I expect to feel is minimal. +

"It's dislocated, Ava." Without warning, he pushes in opposite directions, pain shooting out and then subsiding as he pops it back into place.1

"I thought I was going to die," I whisper, tears welling in my eyes and falling down my face. 4

"I won't let you." His voice is gruff, but the words are sweet. Like always. +

He pulls me forward, and I wrap my arms around his neck, tears running down my face as he hugs me. +

His hand runs soothingly down my hair, the sobs subsiding as I snuggle my face into his neck. God, he smells so good. So good I want to lick him and see if he tastes like gingerbread. Before my mind can stop my mouth, I do just that. My tongue meets his skin, and sparks erupt, the taste not at all like gingerbread but not disappointing. I moan out as lust courses through me, and I wonder how I can go from sobbing one minute to practically panting with need the next. He growls a feral growl, his whole body tense. His hand, which was stroking my hair gently, delves into it, gripping my neck firmly. 3

He pulls my head back, grey eyes now black, mine hooded with desire. +

"Don't play games, Ava. You're not ready for me. You will have only this and then nothing again until you ask me." My brows crease in confusion, and then his lips capture mine, sending me to a place where only fire and sin exist.19

I have never been kissed with such possessiveness before. His tongue circles my lips before demanding entry, which I give willingly. He plunders my mouth, sucking, nipping, and stealing my breath and my senses away. His hand keeps my head in place, controlling the kiss and demanding submission. He tastes like an eternity, and when he pulls back, air rushing into my lungs, I feel like I have returned from a trip. It's like hours have gone by instead of minutes. 2

"My King," Samuel's voice breaks the moment, and a flush of red that could rival the bottom of the only pair of Christian Louboutin's I have that I picked up at a sale online.3

Braiden's eyes remain fixed on mine, my hands covering my cheeks. I'm in shock. That is what this is. I look over at Samuel as Nick appears beside him.+

"Geezus Ava, what the fuck were you doing out here?" Nick scolds me as Braiden helps me up, his hand on my elbow keeping me steady. 9

When I stumble, he scoops me up in his arms, speed walking back toward the pack house I thought I escaped. The walk is long, and he is silent, as are Nick and Samuel, who follow behind us. Pack warriors follow on either side of us in the shadows, ensuring the King is not harmed.  His eyes don't meet mine. Anger radiates off him, and his mouth twitches.

"Tell the pack doctor to be ready when we get there," Braiden tells Samuel, who sprints ahead with Nick. +

When we reach the pack house, all the lights are on. It must be only two or three in the morning. Guilt and shame overcome me, thinking that all these people will see me like this. Will hear what I did. Yet, not one pack member is seen as we go upstairs.1

When we get to the room, the doctor, Dr. Adams, is waiting for us. He is young but thorough, prodding and poking me until satisfied. He confirms that my shoulder was dislocated but is happy with the job Braiden did to pop it back in place.

"And the pain?" I ask him, explaining what happened in the forest. +

"I had the same pain. It is how I discovered Ava was gone," Braiden's words surprise me, and I wonder how he fought through the pain to find me. 2

"It got better the closer I got to finding Ava," he says, partly answering my unspoken question. I remember the relief that coursed through me when he touched me, how the pain subsided.1

"It is unusual, probably only happening to one in a million werewolf pairs. But I am not surprised that this is happening now. You are a King. And your wolves are unique," Dr. Adams says, indicating between us. I still wasn't sure what he was saying. He must see the confusion on my face as he clarifies. +

"Until you complete the mate bond and mark each other, I'm afraid you are stuck together. Close together." 35

Please don't forget to comment and vote!1

This body of work is available exclusively on Wattpad. If you're viewing it on a different website or under a different username, it has been illegally stolen, and you may be at risk of malware. Please do not support these sites, as writing a book takes long hours of hard work and effort. Head over to Wattpad and let me, the original author, know if you encounter this situation by finding me @greenwitchwrites.+

Braiden+

It had been two days since we arrived at the royal pack—two days of not seeing Ava. While we couldn't be far from each other physically due to the mate bond issue highlighted by Dr. Adams, that didn't mean there wasn't an entire universe between us. +

"You're miserable. You should just go and see her," Briana says, balling up a piece of paper and throwing it in the waste bin on the other side of the room. +

We are in my office, me behind my desk and her lounging in the huge armchair opposite. She was supposed to be helping me with pack work, but that usually consisted of her sitting on her phone scrolling through her social media or finding other ways to amuse herself, such as her current entertainment. So far, she has been through half a desk pad with only one paper ball finding its way into the bin. And that was only because it bounced off the wall. 1

"No. She ran from me. She must apologize," I grind out. The anger that Ava tried to run away from me, her mate, our bond, stung as if I was experiencing it for the first time. It sat in my psyche like a poison, one I knew was leaking into the pack.6

Since I returned, my temper has been short, and my interactions have been filled with irritation and annoyance. I was taking my frustration and anger out on others when the source was just two rooms down in the library.4

Where she spent most of the last two days. Her sweet apple and pine cone scent tormented me each time I walked past. But instead of taking another route, I tortured myself by walking past that door at least twenty times a day just to ensure the scent was still there. Guards were posted everywhere, so there was no chance she could try and escape again. But it irked me that she wanted to. She didn't want to try and give us a chance.5

"I would also run if I were rejected by my pack, by my family, by my fated mate who is the Alpha, and then suddenly, after so many years as a rogue, be thrust back into one. And not just as any old pack member. But as the King's mate. Luna. Run a pack when I no longer know how to be part of one. That sounds terrifying, don't you think?" Briana says the words casually while scrunching another piece of paper into a ball and throwing it, her face lighting up when it lands in the bin.26

"Did you see that!" she shouts, almost jumping out of her chair.5

I don't respond, my thoughts still on the words my much younger sister has sprouted with such ease, her wisdom and empathy in some situations astonishing me. She has always been that way, even when she was young. So perceptive and understanding of what people need, sometimes before they even know. The complete opposite of me.1

The pack knew we had new members, Nick and Ava, but they did not know who Ava was to me yet. They also did not know she was a white wolf. Every guard who witnessed her shift swore an oath to secrecy. It would be revealed only when Ava wanted it to be revealed. It was her well-guarded secret to tell when she was ready.+

"This is boring. Can I go now?" Briana asks, the pad of paper now completely used up. +

"Yes. Please do," I say grumpily as I lean back in my chair, thinking what to do. 2

Briana gives me a bright smile and a quick hug before skipping out of the room.+

Growling, I rise. My pride was warring with my desire to see Ava, and while before it won out, after Briana's words, I saw things differently. Which irked me. I should have realized sooner that I had created the same situation for her that her old pack had put her in. Making her feel isolated and unwanted. It was time that changed.2

If what Briana said was true, Ava didn't know what pack life was about anymore. Didn't know how fulfilling it could be in a pack where one is accepted, no matter what. I didn't tolerate bullying in my pack, which is why it prospered. Everyone got along, and differences were resolved in a civilized manner. It was ranked the best pack in the world, which is also why the transfer wait list was so long. With the pack at capacity, we could only accept new members when others left. And I always kept one hundred slots open for those with special needs. 5

Those like Ava, who needed extra care and rehabilitation. Humans had enslaved some in underground fighting rings, others tortured by mad human scientists operating outside of the Government's authority, whom we had an agreement with. Some kids in the special care unit had been kept in their werewolf form for weeks on end by werewolf hunters, turning them feral.  Sometimes, humans just capture and torture our kind for their sick amusement. 4

We had a database of known werewolf hunters and organizations, which we monitored alongside the Government. I wondered if it was maybe one of these groups who had implanted the silver in Ava's body. Maybe as a sick experiment. My men were looking into this, trying to see if there was a connection.2

My feet take me to a spot I have stood in so many times over the last couple of days that it's a wonder there isn't a dent in the tiles.+

Her scent engulfs me as I open the door, almost making me stumble back. It's like a hand choking me but in a delicious way. 4

Following the scent and the noise, I find Ava a couple of feet up a ladder, her hand outstretched as she reaches for a book on the very top shelf, close to the ceiling. She curses as her middle finger touches the spine, the book just out of reach. It's an art collection book. Interesting. My eyes roam the floor, surprise hitting me full force when I see detailed sketches of my face from various angles scattered everywhere. There are a few of other people, members of my pack, in between. A pencil lies discarded on the work table, now only two inches of it remaining, next to a half-finished picture of myself under a tree outside. She must have been watching me earlier. She is talented, her level that of a professional.10

My gaze drags away from the pages back to the woman still cussing out her short stature, even though she isn't really that short. They travel her beautiful bare legs, up to a deliciously round ass covered in only thin cotton shorts, up her waist, which is slightly exposed due to her top riding up until they land on her curly, brown hair—piled on the top of her head in a messy bun. +

Fuck. My dick twitches as she bounces on the pad of her foot, her ass jiggling in response. She gasps when I climb up behind her, my body flush with hers before I reach up and get the book she has been trying to reach.  6

"Geezus, Braiden, you gave me a fright," she says, turning around on the ladder so that she now faces me.8

Fuck, she is gorgeous. Her brow is furrowed, and her face is free of any makeup, making her green eyes the star of the show. She wets her lips, my eyes following the trail it makes and sending me back to the last time we were together. The taste of her lips and mouth has haunted me, making my cock jerk in response even now.

"I thought I scented you, but I also thought that was my imagination. I haven't seen you in two days." Her tone is almost accusatory, and I laugh, thinking how, just a couple of days ago, she was trying to get away from me. +

"I didn't think you wanted to see me. The last time we saw each other, you were trying to run away, remember?" I say, her eyes flashing with guilt as her head dips.+

"Yes, I remember. It won't happen again. I thought I was dying. I don't want to go through that again." Her voice quivers slightly at the end. I remember the sound of her screaming. It is not something I think I could ever forget. I also know of the pain she experienced. Only my need to get to her kept me upright and going. The pain was excruciating. +

"Is that the only reason you won't run because you don't want to experience that pain again? Is there nothing else keeping you from running?" I try to keep the desperation from my voice, try to retain some pride. +

She doesn't answer my question, but what she does say tells me enough. She was hurt as much as I was. +

"You left me. Alone. In a place I don't know. In a pack I don't know. Where the only two people I know are my lifelong friend, who has his own mate to deal with, and a man who claims to be my mate but stays away from me. Is this something you would run towards or away from Braiden?"5

Check out my other book called Bound here (completed two book series)4

https://www.wattpad.com/story/319146768-bound+

https://www.wattpad.com/story/323774304-bound-book-2+

Skylar Morgan has been plagued by recurring nightmares since her eighteenth birthday. Eight years later, she has set up her dream shop in a quiet town, accepting the nightmares as part of her life. But when strange new faces appear in Town, and her gaze lands on a particularly handsome, rugged stranger, things start changing. Her quiet life is turned on its head as a world she was naively unaware of becomes her reality. A Legend throws Skylar into the path of her mate, devilishly handsome Dmitri Makarov, not only Alpha of a large pack close to her home but also a Lycan. Possessive, passionate, and dominant. He is not looking for love, but as protector of the Town Skylar lives in, he has an obligation to safeguard her, especially when Hunters start appearing close to Skylar's home. As secrets are uncovered, it appears that there is more to Skylar than meets the eye. Bound to each other, will they survive the aftermath of the puppeteer hiding in the shadows? 15

This body of work is available exclusively on Wattpad. If you're viewing it on a different website or under a different username, it has been illegally stolen, and you may be at risk of malware. Please do not support these sites, as writing a book takes long hours of hard work and effort. Head over to Wattpad and let me, the original author, know if you encounter this situation by finding me @greenwitchwrites.+

Ava+

"You're right." Braiden is not accustomed to saying these words. I can tell by the sour look on his face.4

"How did that taste coming out?" I ask, laughing. +

"Bitter. Don't tell anyone about this. They may think I have gone soft." His smile reaches his eyes, diffusing the tension between us so that all that is left is the realization of how close to each other we are. 2

As if his scent wasn't titillating enough, its blanket around me suffocating. Being this close to him allows me to see everything so clearly. And man alive, it's as good as I remember. His black hair is messy, but unlike when mine is in the same state, he can pull it off. It's probably because of his grey eyes that almost bleed into his pupils, the not-too-sharp nose that sits above perfect full lips, and the shadow of a beard surrounding said lips that he can pull it off so deliciously.1

As usual, he is in a suit sans tie this time though, with one button open. Always black suits. Always fitted. With a muscular body filling it like a fucking Greek god. He was an Alpha male. A King. And his physical stature was built for those roles. Bigger, stronger, more ferocious than the rest. Dangerous and primal. My eyes travel the length of his suit, noticing the large bulge tenting his suit pants. As nice as his suit was, I wished I could see what lay beneath.15

My eyes meet with his again, his sharp jaw twitching as we look at each other, his eyes landing on the spot on my neck as the vein there gives away the erratic beating of my heart. Heat pools in my stomach as I remember the kiss we shared in the forest, accompanying me to dreamland every night so far and leading me into dreams filled with strong hands kneading my body, touching every part of me until I am screaming out in ecstasy. I look down at his hands, which are now gripping the ladder we are standing on so hard that his knuckles are white. +

"If you continue looking at me like that, people will know I have not gone soft when you are shouting my name, begging me to fuck you harder, little minx." His words make me blush and lift my head while I squeeze my thighs together, looking at a point across the room. An ugly painting of a fucking rooster. How ironic. Let's focus on the ugly cock on the other side of the room instead of the delicious one digging into my thigh.31

"Don't worry, I will not do anything until you ask me." His words are said softly close to my ear before he pulls back and climbs off the ladder. I follow suit, dusting my clothes off as if that will rid the sexual tension in and around me. The evidence of his arousal is clear while mine sits in the air around us, creating a scent that makes me blush. 4

"Fuck Ava, you're driving me insane," he growls out, taking a couple of steps away as if to stop himself from pinning me against the wall and taking me as I have experienced in my dreams. The reality would be much better. Rougher, more raw. I shake my head, banishing the thoughts. +

Nick was going through the same thing with Samuel, if not worse. They were going at it like rabbits every chance they got. Having completed their mating by marking each other, their bond was even more intense than what Braiden and I were experiencing. Which, for me, was already pretty intense. Imagine fully mating. We would be banging each other's brains out. 8

"Come," Braiden says, grabbing my hand and pulling me towards the door.9

"Where are we going?" I ask, trying to keep up with him as he speed walks in front of me.+

"We need air." While I couldn't argue that some air would be great, considering I hadn't been outside since arriving here, I could argue about how he was dragging me around.2

"I can't keep up with your pace, Braiden. Slow down, or let me go. Pick one." The eyes of a guard nearby arch up, probably at the use of the King's name and my tone. From now on, I must remember to call him my King, not to draw attention. Though, walking outside hand in hand would undoubtedly do the job.  2

Braiden slows his pace, giving me a chance to walk beside him.+

"See, better," I say, smiling at him sweetly. His face is stern, but the slight upturn of his lips at the corners tells me he is amused. +

"Maybe we shouldn't go outside holding hands. Nothing has been decided. This," I gesture towards our clasped hand, "will do nothing but fuel gossip."+

His answer is as expected.+

"I don't care what people say or think, Ava. Besides, we are not going outside." I roll my eyes, his arrogance having no limitation. 1

We pass through many corridors until we reach sizeable arched glass doors, condensation on the window inside hinting at what is beyond. When we enter, the gasp leaving my lips cannot be contained. +

The glass-domed building must be at least thirty meters wide and fifteen meters long, the dome reaching at least ten meters at its highest point. +

Flowers and ferns caress my skin as I walk through the narrow pathways that lead through this wonderland. A fine mist coats my skin like the plants, keeping everything lush and green. I stop, my hand cupping a flower I have never seen, its delicate petals a purple that probably inspired every other purple captured in paintings.+

"Wow, my King, this is amazing." Before I know what is happening, Braiden is behind me, his hand around my throat firmly as he pulls me flush against his body. Excitement jolts through me while desire pools in my panties, like the moisture on the leaves directly before me. +

"Call me my King again, Ava, and I will spank your ass so hard you won't be able to sit for a week." His stubble grazes my jaw as roughly as his words run through my body, sending delicious goosebumps everywhere. The sparks from his touch sear my skin, I'm sure branding me for life. 22

Giggles running toward us has Braiden releasing me and stepping back quickly, his face revealing nothing of what has happened as I whip around. My face burns red. Out of some ferns jumps a little girl with pigtails in her hair. Only about six years old. Her cute face lights up when her eyes land on Braiden.+

"My King! You came back!" She squeals, running and jumping into arms that open swiftly to catch her. +

The transformation on Braiden's face is instantaneous, his features softening as he looks at the small child in his arms with an affection I have not seen before. +

My ovaries explode as he lifts the girl, swinging her around in the air and eliciting a stomach-deep giggle from the child that makes me smile. 8

"Of course I am back. There's no way I would leave you." He pinches her nose gently as she hugs his neck.+

"I had to go get someone important. Do you want to meet her?" Braiden turns fully to face me, the little girl's eyes going wide and her mouth forming an 'o' when she sees me.+

"Wow, are you a princess? You look like Belle. Are you Belle?" She asks me as Braiden approaches me.4

"From Beauty and the Beast?" she nods vigorously, her face still in awe.+

"If I'm Beauty, then who is the Beast?" I ask her conspiratorially, her eyes briefly shifting to the man holding her. 2

"The King?" She whispers, her hand covering her mouth as if that will keep Braiden from hearing.+

I laugh when Braiden raises his eyebrow, not impressed with our character selection.+

"No, I'm not a princess. My name is Ava," I say, my response causing her head to inch to the side as she assesses me. +

"And you are?" Braiden prompts her, tickling her armpit as he does. +

"My name is Sarah," she says before her hand cups her mouth again. "Don't worry, I won't tell anyone what you are." She laughs when Braiden tickles her again.2

"Okay, little one. That's enough for one day. Where is your mother?" Braiden's question has Sarah's little finger pointing towards a path on our right. +

Braiden leads while I follow behind, Sarah chattering nonstop about her friends and her new favorite toy, filling Braiden in on all that is important in the days he has been gone. If this little interaction between Braiden and Sarah was surprising, I was shocked when we entered a small grass-covered area, kids screeching and running towards him while he scooped the two smallest up. With three, including Sarah, in his arms, two others hanging off his legs, and a couple more hugging his waist, this man is so far removed from what I was expecting that my jaw is probably hanging on the floor. 13

Just who in the hell was my mate? 16

Please don't forget to comment and vote!2

This body of work is available exclusively on Wattpad. If you're viewing it on a different website or under a different username, it has been illegally stolen, and you may be at risk of malware. Please do not support these sites, as writing a book takes long hours of hard work and effort. Head over to Wattpad and let me, the original author, know if you encounter this situation by finding me @greenwitchwrites.+

Braiden+

"My King, I am so sorry. She has some sort of tracking device on you," Mary, Sarah's mother, laughs as she approaches us, looking flustered. She takes Sarah and then reprimands the children, telling them to let go of me and return to work, learning their ABC's. +

Sighs and groans come from little bodies sitting in a semi-circle, with ten small faces looking sad and gloomy. If I had a soft spot, it was for my Ava and these kids.1

"If you are good and listen to teacher Mary, everyone can have an ice cream when they are done. Chocolate ones." My words have an immediate impact, bringing back big smiles to the children's faces. Mary mouths a thank you to me.+

"Before we go, I wanted to introduce you to someone. This is Ava. She is new to the pack." Inquisitive eyes dart between me and the princess standing beside me.4

"Hello, Ava!" A chorus of greetings leaves the children's mouths. Sarah's whispered, 'She is a princess,' almost has me laughing out loud. She is so close. Princess, Queen, the leap is not far.+

"Hello, everyone," Ava responds, smiling at the group. +

"Welcome. I hope we haven't scared you off. I swear they are usually better behaved. It's just when my King is around that chaos ensues. They adore him," Mary says, smiling at me and Ava.3

"No, not at all. It's been very eye-opening," Ava responds, looking briefly at me. +

"We have to go," I say to everyone, a chorus of bye's and screeches following us as I grab Ava's hand. +

Mary's face registers shock, reminding me of Ava's words earlier and people's perception of what is happening between us. While I wanted to rush things along and mark her as mine, her history and distrust meant we needed to take it slow. And forcing her would just drive her away.3

Ava is lost in thought as we start retracing our steps back toward the entrance, the lack of resistance to my hand holding hers telling me as much.+

"What a lovely environment to learn in," Ava eventually says. She sounds envious, making me wonder at the environment she grew up in. From everything I have heard, it can't have been great. Her only impression and it was terrible. I was determined to change that. I also wanted her to know that even the damaged, though I didn't see her as that, had a place in this pack. +

"We have two schools, but we found this environment more calming for the children brought in with issues. Allowing them to focus better in smaller groups and among nature. Mary is one of three trained child psychologists as well as a teacher. It's the best combination for rehabilitation." Her expressive face hides nothing, and her eyebrows pull in, evidence of her confusion.1

"What kind of issues?" Her question tells me she has not heard about the werewolf children kidnappings. Let alone some of the other horrendous stuff done to our race. She had truly severed herself from everything to do with our world.+

"Most of those children, including Mary's own child, Sarah, were captured by humans and forced to shift. Forced to remain in that state for weeks through conditioning. Brutal whippings until the child learned that they were not beaten and fed in that form. Like a pet. Like a dog. Even kept on leashes and paraded around to friends and family. Those who remain in that state for long enough become feral in their human state. It's challenging to undo the damage inflicted. But if we get the children soon enough, we can rehabilitate them." I hold the door to the large greenhouse open, the heat from outside contrasting with the dampness from the misting sprays. Keeping my eyes on Ava's face instead of the damp shirt hugging her body is a challenge.3

"Geezus. That's horrific," she whispers, her focus no longer on me. Perhaps hearing this triggers stories of her abuse before arriving at her old pack.+

"I wanted you to see for yourself that everyone has a place here, Ava. Even those society considers damaged," her gaze meets mine, the look on her face telling me an argument was coming. At least I was able to say I knew that about her. +

"Don't be naïve Braiden. There is a vast difference between a damaged seven-year-old being accepted by a pack and a damaged twenty-seven-year-old. Mate to the King. Future Luna. And Queen. The child has the sympathy vote. The adult, not so much. It's much easier as a child. To be accepted. To forget your past. To be integrated. Not so much for rogues. Not so much for me," she finally says, boiling it down to her own insecurities. +

"Don't do the same thing you don't want others to do and judge so quickly, Ava. Just because your old pack was fucked up doesn't mean mine is. At least give it a chance." She doesn't hold my gaze as she contemplates what I am asking of her, the silence continuing until we reach her room on the top floor. The one next to mine. However, this was a temporary stay. She didn't know that tonight we would be moving to my house. 3

"Fine. But just a chance while I'm here. That doesn't solidify anything else," she says, her hand waving between us wildly. +

"Perfect. We will start tonight. Be ready in an hour. Pack dinner is in the hall, and we will be attending. You will meet my parents," her face falls, morphing into shock.+

"Your parents. Why?" she asks, her question amusing me. She was anything but ordinary.+

"You are my mate. They will need to meet you. I don't see the issue," I say as her mouth gapes open in even more shock.1

"So you want us to meet in a hall before everyone? They might not like me, then what? Why would you create such a situation?" She is angry with me, her hands finding their place on her hips as always when she feels this emotion, her breathing becoming choppy as the emotion swirls within her.10

"I haven't created the situation. The situation just is. The royal family always eats with the pack when we are here and available. Also, what kind of mate do you think I am, Ava? Do you think so little of me that I would allow you to be disrespected in my pack? I'm not your ex-mate, Alexander, who fucked other women before rejecting you. Who couldn't stand up for you because he was missing a backbone. Don't assume that I operate at the same level of low he does." My anger clashes with hers, our ragged breathing the only noise now. 3

Her tongue darts out to wet her lips, that action switching the tension from angry to sexual in a split second. She feels it too, her eyes darting to my lips before green meets grey again. +

I step towards her, her hands dropping from her hips as she takes a step back, her mouth forming that sexy 'o' that I love. Her back hits the door at the same time my hands do, caging her in. 1

"You have a temper, which I don't mind. You voicing your opinion does not scare me, Ava." I dip my head, breathing in her scent, my cock hardening further. "But I'm not here to cushion your feelings. I will call you out on bullshit as you do mine. Even if we argue, I'm not going anywhere. And I can guarantee the makeup sex will be phenomenal."65

She sucks in a breath and closes her eyes, but not before I see how dilated her pupils are. The scent of her arousal blooms around us, and I growl out, my wolf pacing inside and egging me on to mark what is ours. It takes all my willpower to reign in my impulse to take her here and now. But I won't give in, not until she asks me. +

"What do you want Ava?" Her eyes open and drift down to my lips before meeting mine again. 1

"You need to use your words. Ask me, or you won't get anything." She bites one side of her lip, her stubbornness warring with the desire so evident in her eyes. 1

I lean forward slowly, her eyes closing in anticipation of what she thinks will come. My lips graze her cheek, and then I pull back, her eyes flashing with confusion and then anger. +

"I'll pick you up in less than an hour." And then I walk away, laughing when I hear the slam of her door and the string of expletives directed at me. Time for another fucking ice-cold shower. Having a mate was hard.22

Please don't forget to comment and vote!3

This body of work is available exclusively on Wattpad. If you're viewing it on a different website or under a different username, it has been illegally stolen, and you may be at risk of malware. Please do not support these sites, as writing a book takes long hours of hard work and effort. Head over to Wattpad and let me, the original author, know if you encounter this situation by finding me @greenwitchwrites.1

Ava+

By the time I have had a mighty cold shower to stem the extremely hot feelings Braiden left me with, I have calmed down, and instead of anger or sexual tension, anxiety pools in my stomach. This would be the first time facing his pack since arriving. And his parents. +

After today and seeing those children happy and thriving even after their trauma, I wonder if it's possible for me. Could I find a place in the pack next to Braiden? With him. 3

My heart skips at the hard knock on the door. The strong scent tells me exactly who it is. Damn, why did his scent have to be so delicious, I think, cursing under my breath as I give myself a quick once over in the mirror. I had chosen a simple white summer dress, unsure exactly what the dress code was for a pack dinner. When I messaged Nick and asked him what I should wear, he was thrilled that I was finally coming out. He told me to wear one of my summer dresses, so here I am. Braiden lived in suits, so we may look odd next to each other. But that was probably the last thing that mattered. People would have many reasons to question why we are together, aside from our mismatched outfits. 2

Another hard knock on the door has me rolling my eyes. This man had no patience. 2

I swing open the door and almost swoon at the vision before me. Braiden is dressed in jeans and a T-shirt. Simple. Sure. On any other man. On a Greek god, it looks like he has walked off the cover of a modeling set. The jeans hang low on his hips and cling to his thick thighs before tapering off, revealing feet adorned in sandals. His shirt, which is as white as my dress, clings to his muscles like paint. Tattoos cover both biceps and disappear into the sleeve, covering most of his body from what I can see through his shirt. Geezus, he looks so hot. And his scent was not helping. I finally meet his eyes, which are now black, as his gaze similarly travels my body.37

The dress I was wearing was admittedly a bit tight on my bust, pushing my generous C-cups up and showing a bit of cleavage. The sleeves covered some of my scars, and my loose hair covered the rest on my back. The fabric hugged my waist before flaring out and ending just above my knee. I, too, was wearing sandals, though mine had cute daisies on the top.+

"Fuck." Though not a compliment, that word from his mouth tells me everything I need to know. And it's better than any compliment I have ever received. All those 'you look pretty' or 'you look gorgeous' phrases are crushed by that one filthy word coming from this man.5

"Yes. I think we should go," I say, my voice sounding way too low and sensual as I step into the passage and close the door behind me. +

As usual, he takes my hand, and I can't help rolling my eyes. He was determined to cause a stir. +

"Since I have met you, you have rolled your eyes three times at me. The next time, your punishment will be the same as the one I will dish out if you ever call me my King." His hand squeezes mine, and I smirk, feeling a little feisty.10

"You would have to catch me first. And I'm quite fast." That wasn't even an exaggeration. If there was one thing I was good at, it was running. I was faster than anyone in my old pack, even when they were in their wolf form. Nick would often say that it was a gift.+

"You're riling my wolf up, Ava. And if he catches you, there may be no restraint in sight considering how you have been torturing us," he growls out, his eyes caressing my face with such desire I flush at the intimacy of the look. At this rate, we were on track to combust in flames at the heat between us.  8

I almost lift my hand to fan my face but refrain, not wanting him to know how worked up I was. He would not get the satisfaction, though, from his smirk, I think he was well aware. +

My attention is finally shifted from him to the noise from large open doors leading out to the front garden. When I arrived, I didn't notice much as I was shuffled inside, and it was late at night. The view I have from my bedroom faces the back garden, which is absolutely magnificent. Loads of jungle gyms are dotted everywhere, as well as flower beds and picnic tables. Lots of people eat their lunch in the back garden during the day.+

My hand starts sweating as the noise increases in volume, and I rub my free one down my dress, hoping Braiden doesn't notice. But he notices everything. His steps slow down, which I am grateful for, giving me a minute to quiet my nerves.+

"My hand is sweating," I say, looking up at him as I try to pull my hand free from his grasp. Also, an excuse to break the physical connection before we walk out. But he holds it firm, not giving an inch.+

"I don't care. If I had it my way, our entire bodies would be sweating in my room upstairs. But you are stubborn, so here we are," he smiles. He is trying to lighten the mood, which I appreciate. I can't help the small smile that creeps onto my face at his comment. 24

"You'll be fine. We'll be fine. Together. Okay?" he gently pinches my chin between his thumb and forefinger, guiding me forward and placing the sweetest kiss on my cheek.5

He smiles at me. I smile back at him. And then I lift my chin and straighten my shoulders. My hand squeezes his instead of trying to pull away as if he has become my anchor in this moment. 2

It seems like every door I walk through, I am gasping, just as I do now. The garden is alight with colorful little solar lanterns hanging from the trees and solar fairy lights wrapping around every other trunk. Solar lights dot the floor and hang from little hooks in garden beds. It's like being in a fairy wonderland. Ten huge wooden tables dot the lawn, big enough to seat thirty to forty wolves. The smell of pizza assaults my nostrils, and my stomach growls. I spot three big pizza ovens off to the side, some wolves dressed in aprons laughing as one puts topping on while another pulls a large pizza from one oven and places it on a round serving board—my mouth waters. 7

"You like what you see?" Braiden asks, chuckling and making me wonder if I am perhaps drooling. A quick check confirms I have not embarrassed myself like that. The meals I have been served for breakfast, lunch, and dinner while I have been holed up inside have been luxurious, as if a five-star chef has made it. But pizza was one of those foods even the finest cuisine would have to compete against. +

"Ava!" Nick calls my name, motioning us to a table to our left. Our progress is slow, with many pack members stopping to greet their King, who shows a warmth that exists only inside these pack walls. While he is still stoic and rarely smiles, his face softens when talking to pack members, and his tone is less harsh. There's no fear living here. Everyone loves Braiden and respects him. And looking around, his pack prospers under such a rule. Faces show only joy as people chat with each other at tables. +

I am also surprised at the warmth I receive as Braiden introduces me. Nothing beyond curiosity and some confusion cross their faces as their eyes drift down to our clasped hands. And whispers can be heard, but most of the looks flung our way are shy and almost excited. You didn't need a degree to surmise what was going on. Though it had not been announced, I'm sure people were speculating that I was his mate. From what Nick had told me during our daily tea-spilling visits, they knew Selene wasn't. My heart warms slightly with every kind, genuine smile, melting the anxiety away slowly.+

When I think back to my old pack, Alpha Alexander ruled by instilling fear in everyone. Beatings were dished out regularly for infractions, and abuse was rife, not just limited to myself, though mine was more severe. Nick told me that Braiden had appointed a new pack Alpha, one of his close friends, until a pack leader was chosen from within. If such a time ever came. Braiden was unaware of what was transpiring there but would be keeping a close eye on Bloodmoon Pack and other packs to ensure that no abuse of power was occurring.3

"Finally. That took you nearly half an hour. Here, I kept you some pizza," Nick says to me when we finally get to his table, handing me a plate piled with various pizza slices. "And my King, for you as well," Nick says, bowing his head slightly before giving Braiden a plate with a few more pieces than mine.+

"Don't bow. It's not necessary here. This is your home now. And here, I am just your Alpha, but with an additional title," Nick nods and smiles, his face looking ten years younger. He loved pack life. He never said it, but I knew he secretly longed to be part of a pack again. My heart clenches when I think he could have but remained by my side instead. 5

Samuel arrives with a tray of glasses and two jugs of beer, completing the perfect meal. We dig in, laughter, and music from somewhere, making the atmosphere light and easy. Too easy, I think, wondering briefly where Braiden's parents are. 1

"Ava! Braiden!" Bri's voice squeals from a short distance behind before arms encircle my left shoulder and Braidens right, pulling us together as she hugs us with a strength that is surprising. +

She squashes next to Braiden, forcing him closer to me so that our bodies are flush against each other, from shoulder to thigh. Delicious. Nick, reading my thoughts, winks at me and then laughs when I raise my eyebrows, feigning ignorance.+

"Thank god I managed to get away. I don't know why mommy and daddy insisted on sitting with Selene," Bri says, digging into the one slice of pizza on Braiden's plate. 31

With no distance between us, I instantly feel how Braiden stiffens at Bri's words. And just like that, the mood changes as anger seeps out of Braiden, wolves around us stiffening and gazes lowering. Even Bri, Samuel, and Nick lower their heads at the intensity of the feeling. While it is intense, it doesn't seem to impact me the way it does others, and I turn my gaze to the man beside me, green eyes locking with black. 4

Please don't forget to comment and vote!1

This body of work is available exclusively on Wattpad. If you're viewing it on a different website or under a different username, it has been illegally stolen, and you may be at risk of malware. Please do not support these sites, as writing a book takes long hours of hard work and effort. Head over to Wattpad and let me, the original author, know if you encounter this situation by finding me @greenwitchwrites.+

Braiden+

"What's going on?" Ava asks me, her hand finding mine under the table. Her worried green eyes are the only pair that meet mine as my anger suffocates the air around us. Forcing others into submission. Everyone but my Ava. My mate. The woman I explained to my parents was gifted to me by the moon goddess, who they would have to accept as the pack's future Luna, future Queen. My mother voiced her objection, telling me that a rogue waitress, mate or not, was no match for me. My father, her lapdog to the end, agreed, though somewhat reluctantly. 6

It was the only times in my life my father disappointed me. The times he let his own free will be overridden and influenced by my mothers. I warned them that my choice remained mine alone as King and their son and that they better treat their future Queen with respect. I informed them I would be bringing Ava tonight and expected them to sit with us so that introductions could be made. While I thought they understood, clearly, my stance on the matter was not heeded. Aside from them being my parents, the order was given by the King, one they chose not to obey. Like a slap in the face. Not just to me but to the woman beside me. 1

I hated them at this moment. How do I tell Ava that my parents have slighted her by sitting at the table with my ex? How do I tell her that the very scenario she laid out to me earlier is happening, just in such an underhanded way that it makes it even worse? +

"Samuel, take Ava home." Samuel gets up, moving around the table to stand behind us as he waits for Ava to get up.+

"Why? Did I do something wrong?" Ava asks me, releasing my hand under the table as her eyes flash with hurt. I grasp it, pulling it from under the table and kissing her knuckles. 3

"No. Not you. You're perfect. I need to sort something out." I try to keep my voice even, but the rage within makes the words gruff and strained. 1

"If it's about your parents sitting with Selene, I don't care. I can meet them some other time." She doesn't realize the seriousness of what has happened, brushing it off like it is nothing. Though from how her heart misses a beat and her eyes only hold mine briefly, I can tell she is lying. This does bother her. 2

This wasn't just nothing. It wasn't just that my parents had slighted Ava. What would the rest of the pack think? My parents were royalty. Snubbing her like this sent a message to the pack. One that put Ava at a disadvantage as an outsider. I didn't want a repeat of what she experienced in her old pack happening here. +

"We will talk later. Please go with Samuel." Desperation seeps into my voice. I don't want her here for what is about to happen. +

"Come. We can go together and see if there is any dessert somewhere," Nick says, getting up and rounding the table.+

Finally, Ava pulls her hand from mine and gets up, giving me a last glance before she follows Samuel, who will take her to my house a few minutes from here, nestled in the woods. Her stuff had already been moved there during dinner. Perhaps that would serve as a distraction. Nick has his arm looped through hers, her head shaking as she says something to him. She doesn't look back. As soon as she is out of sight, I get up, my hands fisting and unclenching at my sides, only to be repeated.+

"Calm down, brother. Remember that they are old school with old-school thoughts and values. They just want what's best for you. Though even I wonder how they ever thought Selene was what was best for you. I've seen you smile more in the short time with Ava than in all the years with Selene. That aside, they really do want what is best for you," Briana says quietly as I stride towards the table my parents and Selene are sitting at, their laughter fuelling the rage inside me. 4

I stop behind them, Selene's eyes drifting up to mine, my parent's presence perhaps giving her confidence. +

"Ahh, Braiden, son. Have you come to join us?" my mother asks, oblivious or obtuse to the anger seething from me as she turns to look at me with one of those regal smiles plastered on her face. "Selene was just telling me a funny story about when you and she visited Spain. Do you remember? The photos you guys took there were so gorgeous. You make a beautiful couple. Perhaps you two should plan another trip together. I'm thinking Greece. Or Morocco?" She chirps, turning to face Selene again. 17

My father at least has the decency to look afraid as he sits beside her. +

"Leave. Everyone. Now." My voice booms out, the order conveyed in my tone and through the bond linking the pack to me. 7

Briana sits at the table next to my dad, grabbing a piece of pizza from his plate. 22

I slowly move around to the head of the table, allowing me to see everyone clearly, the lack of fear in my mother's eyes further riling me up. I lean forward, my hands gripping the edge of the wooden table.+

"You know what you have done," I say to my mother, her face remaining serene as she looks at me. +

"I told you that I would be bringing Ava tonight and that I expected you to sit with us so that introductions could be made. Instead, you disobey your King's order, slighting your future Queen in front of the pack." My voice is low, even, laced with authority, and coated with anger.+

"Please, Braiden. Stop with this nonsense. You know she isn't fit to stand beside you. Selene has been with you for years. She knows what is expected. She is the true Queen," my mother says, brushing my earlier statement off with such ease that even my wolf bristles. 7

I have never before felt this way towards her. My own flesh and blood. Yes, she is difficult, but she has never overstepped like she is now. Or perhaps she has, and I have just allowed it all these years. Become how my father is now. I think back over my life. Think about all the times she has convinced me to take a specific path in my life. When she suggested I marry, I said yes. When she suggested it be Selene, I said yes. I despised my father for being a walkover, yet here I was, no different. That would change. 4

I stand up, committed to the course of action I have to take.+

"You have disobeyed a direct order from your King. Do you know what the sentence for that is?" Those words do the trick, and my mother's serene expression falls, her eyes going wide. +

"Are you mad?" My father finally finds his voice, his face as pale as Briana's, her attack on the slice of pizza in her hand halted as she looks from me to our parents. 8

"I won't ask again," I grind out, looking from my father to my mother, her eyes still like saucers. +

"Banished from the pack," my mother says quietly, her lip quivering slightly.+

"As you are royalty and my parents, I will consider your years of service to the pack. You will be allocated a house outside of the main pack lands. You will no longer attend royal functions or pack functions. Food and supplies will be delivered to you. All privileges will be stripped. Perhaps some time off your high horse will remind you that I am still the King, and what I say goes. No matter who you are. You would do well to remember that, Selene." The blood drains from Selene's face while my mother gasps, her hand flying up to cover her mouth. My dad cradles her in his arms as she starts sobbing, Briana's shocked voice calling me as I walk away. I issue the instructions to my guards as they approach me before they move past me to escort my parents to their new home. 48

As I walk away from my parents and towards Ava, my anger fades to sadness. I wish so much that this would have turned out differently. That they would have accepted her7

Please don't forget to comment and vote!1

This body of work is available exclusively on Wattpad. If you're viewing it on a different website or under a different username, it has been illegally stolen, and you may be at risk of malware. Please do not support these sites, as writing a book takes long hours of hard work and effort. Head over to Wattpad and let me, the original author, know if you encounter this situation by finding me @greenwitchwrites.+

Ava+

"Where are we going? I thought we were going back to my room," I say to Samuel and Nick as we walk away from the pack house and down a solar-lit path through the woods. A warrior patrols the area further down, reminding me that in a pack this size, the land must be massive and the borders vast. There must be many warriors patrolling at night. +

"We are taking you back to your room. A new one," Nick smiles, his eyebrows wiggling with mischief.1

"What are you talking about? All my stuff is back there," I say, my finger pointing back over my shoulder. I didn't have much, but what I had was important to me, especially my drawings.1

"Everything has already been moved," Samuel answers, laughing when I gasp out in shock. I left my old room about an hour and a half ago. How was all my stuff already packed up and moved? +

"It's not far," Samuel assures me as we continue walking, mostly in silence. +

I was still busy digesting what had happened back at the table while it seemed Samuel and Nick were mind-linking. Probably with the pack. Maybe even with Braiden considering Samuel is the pack beta. I could tell by the slightly glazed look each of them wore, almost as if they were daydreaming. I wondered what it felt like. Nick was telling me yesterday how intense and overwhelming the sensation was when Braiden initiated the pack link with him. We weren't used to that kind of bond, and Nick told me he was still struggling to control linking and also block out all the noise. Your wolf works with you as they are more accustomed to a nonverbal connection than we are. That is fine, I suppose, for those who are in control of their wolves. 1

After a couple more minutes of walking, we arrive at the most exquisite wood cabin I have ever seen. Not that I had seen many physically to compare. But as far as wood cabins went, this one was gorgeous. And massive. The cladding on the outside was a light brown, like smooth peanut butter spread on bread. Decking surrounded the entire building, with a balcony on the second floor overlooking the forest, probably taking up half of the top story.+

"This is as far as we go, Ava. The King has ordered us back. He will be here in an hour or so. This is your new home, so treat it as such. Nowhere is off limits. And don't be scared. Guards patrol this area regularly, and two of the King's personal guards are already stationed nearby, so if anything happens, just shout, and they will appear," Samuels smiles and pats my back, my mouth open in shock at his words. +

"Wait. This is the King's house, isn't it?" I splutter out, panic rising at the thought of us living here together. Alone. I was having a hard enough time not throwing myself at him in the pack house where other people, or the thought of them at least, could buffer the sexual tension. Now, this? This was like fucking torture. 3

He doesn't answer, just gives me a reassuring pat on my back, while Nick hugs me and wishes me a sarcastic good luck. +

"Try not to fuck each other's brains out in the first five minutes," he says as he walks off, laughing when I flip him off. 8

By the time they are out of earshot, I remember the rumor that Selene stayed with the King in his cabin in the woods, along with a horde of other willing she-wolves. With no one to ask if that was true, I take the few steps up to the front door. Bracing myself for the onslaught of scents, I hold my breath as I open the door and then inhale deeply. Nothing. Nothing but Braidens gingerbread Christmas scent. Relief washes over me, irritating me that it is even there. Why should I care who he was with? Traitorously, the thought alone has my wolf prickling with indignation.1

The interior is as I thought it would be. Richly furnished and suitable for a King. While no expense has been spared, I am surprised by the simplicity of the furnishings. Everything is functional and practical, for lack of another word. +

The bottom floor consists of a large kitchen, the fridge packed to the brim with everything one could desire, a large lounge area with the biggest television I have ever seen, and a dining area with a table big enough to seat twelve. Large double doors lead out to the wooded area at the back, where a barbeque and fire pit are located. This floor also has, to my surprise, a heated indoor pool. I haven't swam in years. This was a real treat.+

Pulling myself away from the pool, I head upstairs, where I find four huge guest rooms, one with all my stuff in it. I also have an ensuite bathroom and a walk-in closet. Next door to my room is Braiden's room. I don't look inside, just stand at the doorway and inhale his scent like some pervert. Realizing how foolish that is and blushing, I move along. The next door leads to his office, which I only briefly enter before leaving. Being there feels like an invasion of his privacy. +

At the end of a corridor is a large library. Nearly the same size as the one at the pack house and with a range of books even more diverse. I would definitely be frequenting this room. Leaving that, I approach a door on the left of the corridor, its handle not giving when I try opening it. Locked. Samuel's words from earlier about nothing being off limits come back to me, feeding my curiosity. After one more try of the handle, I sigh out in frustration, spinning on my heel like a child who is denied candy.14

Having explored all the areas, I head back downstairs. I have only killed about half an hour, and having eaten so much pizza, I am not hungry. With nothing to do, I head to one of my favorite rooms. The indoor pool. I don't have a costume, but figuring panties and a bra are close enough, I strip down, dropping my sun dress on one of the chaise lounges.9

I run and dive in, the water engulfing me like a comforting blanket. When Nick and I were young, we would often disappear to the river for hours on end. It gave us peace from the constant bullying and torture our pack so diligently dished out. Like running, it became an escape for me. Helped me to clear my mind. +

After completing a couple of laps, I pull my legs up so that I can float on my back. After a couple of minutes, I become acutely aware of the fact that I am not alone and that the scent that permeates this whole house is suddenly very intense.+

My eyes fly open, and I drop my body under the water as my eyes lock with black ones. Braiden stands at the edge of the pool close to me, his hands in his pocket. +

His expression is unreadable. I can't tell if whatever transpired after I left ended in a good or bad way. The tension in his shoulders and the twitch of his jaw tell me it is the latter.+

"I hope you don't mind me using the pool?" I ask him, thinking I should start with something easy and then move to what happened. +

"Everything here is yours, Ava. Including me. You can use them all however you want." I shiver, and it's not because of the water. The innuendo behind his words causes a delicious throb to form between my legs. For once, I am glad my scent cannot give my desire away. 15

"Your house is lovely," I say, looking away so that he cannot see the blush on my cheeks. +

"Our house." His correction has me rolling my eyes, forgetting his previous threat in relation to that act. 1

"You rolled your eyes, Ava. Do you remember the punishment for that?" His words make my head snap back to him, thinking he cannot be serious about spanking my ass. 1

"Yes. But you're not serious?" I ask him, almost laughing at the absurdity of being spanked like a child for doing something wrong.+

"Deadly," is all he says, the word spoken gruffly. He wasn't joking. 6

While the thought of him spanking me should evoke a feeling of degradation, it doesn't. And when pictures of me lying over his lap while he spanks my ass red flash through my mind, the furthest thing I feel is repulsion. Instead, liquid heat pools in my panties.5

Without meaning to, a moan slips from my depths, the treacherous sound so needy and wanton that I blush. My reaction, however, pales in comparison to Braidens. His eyes turn to slits, the lust in their depths turning me on further. As casually as he stands, every muscle in his body is taut, ready to pounce on the prey I have just made myself into. The little voice of reason telling me to get the hell out of the pool is drowned out by the thundering sound of my heart as Braiden grabs the hem of his T-shirt and pulls it over his head. Fuck, I was in trouble. And fuck, it would be a lie if I said I wasn't looking forward to it.12

Please don't forget to comment and vote!3

This body of work is available exclusively on Wattpad. If you're viewing it on a different website or under a different username, it has been illegally stolen, and you may be at risk of malware. Please do not support these sites, as writing a book takes long hours of hard work and effort. Head over to Wattpad and let me, the original author, know if you encounter this situation by finding me @greenwitchwrites.+

Braiden+

I drop my shirt to the ground, followed shortly by my jeans, the effect the little minx is having on me now clear as I stand in just my briefs.+

Ava's gaze caresses my body, and I wait until she is done, and her eyes fly up to meet mine before I get in the pool.+

"What are you doing?" She doesn't move as I swim towards her, suspicion in her tone.+

"Coming to fetch you, seeing as you don't want to come to me for your punishment willingly." I reach her and stand in front of her, the ripple of the water lapping her skin. She has goosebumps, but not from the water, as the pool is heated to a comfortable ninety degrees.4

"You can't just go around slapping women's asses when they do something you don't like." Her voice quivers at the end as I circle her, inching my way closer and closer to her. +

"I don't slap women's asses. Only my woman." Another shiver and another intake of breath.3

"And how many women's asses have you slapped?" I smirk at her question as I circle back around to face her.+

"Is my little minx jealous?" I goad her, her lips pulling taut as she glares at me.+

"I'm not jealous. Curious perhaps. But absolutely not jealous," she finally says, the scent of jealousy tainting the air around me, contradicting her words.+

 "Your scent tells me otherwise, and it's never wrong." I lean forward, my nose grazing her cheek, before pulling slowly away.+

Her beautiful green eyes are wide as saucers, as her cheeks flame red.+

"I can tell a lot about how you are feeling right now. Jealous, curious. Turned on," I drawl out, her breath hitching as my gaze caresses her face.+

"As for your question. None. I have smacked zero asses in my life. This will be a first for me and you. No one has dared defy me like you do." Relief momentarily crosses her features before she schools her expression.3

"I don't care. And who says I haven't had my ass smacked on several occasions before. Perhaps I have guys punishing my rear regularly." Her words come out flippantly, and even though I know she is talking nonsense, my wolf doesn't like the visual she is portraying, the loud warning growl it gives her, finally shutting her mouth.1

"Don't play Ava. I don't want to hear about the men you have been with." Something crosses her features, but she chooses to say nothing, which is probably better at this very moment. 12

"So. What happened after I left?" Ava's question reminds me of the events that transpired less than an hour ago, immediately souring my mood.+

"It has been handled. I don't want you to worry about anything. You belong here. No matter what anyone says." I turn around, the mood from moments ago tarnished by these thoughts. I hated that Ava had been right about my parents. That they wouldn't accept her. +

"So I will meet your parents some other time, then?" Ava asks, following a few meters behind me as I get out of the pool and put on my shirt and shorts. 5

Ava grabs a towel, hastily wrapping it around herself.+

"Not soon. No." The news would spread around the pack about what had happened and how my parents had been moved to the outskirts of the pack and stripped of their royal privileges. Though the reaction might not be great, it had to be done. I continue walking, making my way upstairs to my bedroom. +

"What aren't you telling me, Braiden?" Ava asks, following me into my room. +

"It's nothing. They disrespected you, and as my mate and future Queen, that is unacceptable. I have dealt with the situation." I don't want to get into the details now, though Ava would find out soon enough. +

"How was it dealt with? What did you do?" Ava sounds panicked, her voice directly behind me now. +

 Sighing out, I turn around to face her. +

"Their privileges have been stripped, and they have been moved to a house closer to the border. It's better this way," her face morphs from shock to anger.+

"Why would you do that? How is it better this way? If the pack didn't hate me before, they will certainly hate me now. Not only am I an outsider, but in less than a week, I have taken their Alpha from a woman they probably see as better suited to be their Queen and got the royal pack elders demoted to nothing. Sure. That's going to win me the affection of the pack." Her words are angry and sarcastic. But valid. I knew going this route might cause animosity, but the pack also needed an example of what could happen if they didn't accept Ava like I had.8

"It will serve as an example," is all I say, trying to justify my actions.+

"Great. So now everyone will pretend to like me for fear of being cast out. Good job, Braiden. I swear to god, this is exactly why we shouldn't be together. You should reject me and save us both the hassle." 12

She spins on her heel, about to storm out of my room. I get to the door before her, blocking her exit.+

"Get out of my way," she hisses, her eyes glued to my chest.+

"No. And stop using our mate bond as ammunition. I'm not going to reject you or accept your rejection. So stop flinging that around as a solution. You may not be able to see it yet, but I can. You are the perfect mate for me in every way. The moon goddess didn't put us together as an accident. And you weren't rejected by Alpha fucking Alexander as punishment for something you did. It was for something he did. It was meant to be. He was never the right person for you. I am."+

"How can you say that? You don't even know me. I barely know me," her eyes finally meet mine, and in them is sadness. "And I don't know you." 3

"Then give me a chance. Let's get to know each other." 4

I grab a key from the table beside my door and lightly grasp her hand. +

"While I might not know everything about you, I am trying," I say to her, leading her down the corridor to a door on the left at the end. After seeing her in the pack library, I arranged this room for her.1

I slip the key in the lock and turn it before pulling it out and handing it to her.+

"This is for you," I say, opening the door and stepping inside.+

She follows and gasps when she sees what's inside. +

This room has the best view, looking out over the entire forest. With windows on two sides of the walls, the light coming in from the moon and the stars is enough that we don't even have to put a light on. Along one side of the room is a large table filled with drawing paper, pencils, paint...everything an artist would need. Against the wall are large blank canvas pieces, ready for Ava to create whatever she wants. She had a talent for drawing. I hoped this area could be a space where she explored that.13

Ava, who has been quiet and standing still next to me, finally moves towards a corner furnished with a chair and a table, somewhere she can take a break and read a book. I know she loves reading. I already downloaded some of her favorite books on the new Kindle I bought her, which she picks up gingerly. I was surprised at her book choices when Nick told me, but then again, Ava was anything but predictable.13

She puts it back where it was and moves towards the large table next to the window, her hand grazing different objects as she walks the length of the room before circling back to me.+

She hasn't said a word. I'm starting to wonder if I got this wrong. Maybe she doesn't like it.+

She stops in front of me, her green eyes finally meeting mine.+

"You did this just for me?" Her head tilts to the side as she waits for a response, her eyes locked with mine.3

"Yes." I want to ask her to stay. To try. To give this a chance. But I don't. The words don't come out.+

She stares at me for a long time. And just when I think she won't respond, she raises herself on her tippy toes and brushes her lips against mine—her non-verbal answer to my question sweeter than any words. 5

Please don't forget to comment and vote!2

This body of work is available exclusively on Wattpad. If you're viewing it on a different website or under a different username, it has been illegally stolen, and you may be at risk of malware. Please do not support these sites, as writing a book takes long hours of hard work and effort. Head over to Wattpad and let me, the original author, know if you encounter this situation by finding me @greenwitchwrites.+

Ava2

"So, this is the special recovery unit. There are fifteen wolves here at the moment. Their injuries range from mild in B-wing," Mary points to a door we pass on the right, "and more severe in A-wing. We offer physical and mental rehabilitation services, and once they feel strong enough, they integrate into a pack. Anyone they choose, even this one."+

We are currently walking down a long passage in a building on the other side of the pack house. +

After kissing Braiden last night, as chaste as it was, I bolted, out of sheer embarrassment. I couldn't believe I had been so bold. But after I saw the room he prepared for me, all the effort he went to, it just happened. I didn't know how to thank him and did the next best thing. 7

Even though the kiss was tame, I could still feel his lips against mine. Every time our skin touches, I feel like I am being burnt. Branded. Invaded by Braiden. And it's scaring me. He is getting under my skin.+

After a restless night's sleep, thanks to him invading my dreamscape as well, I awoke and built up the courage to face him. When I went downstairs and found Mary waiting for me in the kitchen, instead of feeling relieved I wouldn't have to face him, I felt the opposite. I wanted to see him. I wondered where he was. Even now. +

"Here. This is the expression room. A space where trauma can be worked through using art. Some find drawing and painting what they have endured a release." Mary pushes open a large door as she talks, holding it open for me to pass through.2

Apparently, Braiden had assigned her to show me around. Specifically this section of the pack. She seemed okay with me, so perhaps the news about what happened last night with Braiden's parents hasn't made the rounds. Or maybe it has, and she is just being nice to me. Forced for fear of being ousted.+

"Ava, I want you to meet John. He runs this section. He studied fine art at Harvard, so he knows a thing or two about drawing," Mary says proudly as we approach a good-looking guy in his thirties.+

"John, this is Ava," Mary introduces us.+

John's light blue eyes, blond hair, and big smile remind me of the last time I went to the beach when Nick and I were drooling over the lifeguards. John looked like he belonged at the beach, not in an art studio.4

"Welcome. I heard from my King that you are a very talented artist. We would love to have you join us." John's words surprise me and make me blush.

"The King has exaggerated my talent. May I?" I ask, pointing to the paintings adorning one wall.+

"Of course," John says, dipping his head and sweeping his hand as if beckoning me in.+

It is a collage of different works. Some drawn. Some painted. Some both. Some depict torture scenes, while others depict dark figures or abstract feelings of fear and dejection. What one would imagine that to look like. In between, there were small origami flowers, some painted in one color, others painted in every color.+

Towards the end of the wall, a small hand-drawn symbol catches my attention, the triangle with three dots around it and a swirl in the middle feeling familiar.+

"Adam drew that," John says as my finger reaches out to trace the symbol.+

"It was a mark he remembers from the place he was held. A facility in an unknown location that apparently homes over two thousand captive werewolves.  They are experimenting on them. Just like they did on Adam and most of the wolves that pass through this wing. It's deplorable. My King is working tirelessly with the government to track this location down, but until now, there has been no solid lead." John's voice is soft, but there is anger and disgust underneath.+

I felt the same. Not being part of this world for so long meant I wasn't aware this was happening. I thought my instance of having silver implanted under my skin was unique. But now I fear I am just one of many. Being abused because people don't understand us or fear us. Probably both. +

"I need to go check on the little ones. Will you be okay here?" Mary asks me with a smile. +

"She will be fine. Go. I will keep an eye on her." John waggles his brows and then winks at Mary before she leaves.+

"Here, this spot is empty. And this is a safe space. Go mad. Use any medium you like. Paint. Pencil. We even have clay over there if that takes your fancy. This space is about creating, so just be free." John leads me over to a section with a skylight overhead, the mid-morning light perfect. +

Hours go by, and during that time, a quiet girl named Sally arrives, taking up the space next to me, and a young man named Pierce who sits at a clay spinning wheel on the other side of the room. +

By the time the afternoon has rolled by, I feel like I have known John, Pierce, and Sally my whole life. Strange, considering I have known others, even my adopted parents, for years but have felt less camaraderie than in this room. No one shares their sordid past, and I couldn't even if I wanted to, but each can sense one lies in the depths of the other, even with John. 5

It is close to afternoon, and John is standing next to me, leaning over my shoulder while he animatedly explains a different technique I can use to get a more natural-looking shading using a different pencil.+

For a while, thoughts of Braiden are pushed to the back of my mind. Until they aren't.+

I scent him before I hear him, his presence almost instantly overpowering the room. The unease I didn't realize was swimming in my belly releases, and instead, a flutter forms. The low, warning growl has three heads turning to look at him while I continue drawing. I don't want him to know his impact on me, which he will see if I look at him as the blush heats my cheeks.+

"My King, is everything okay?" John asks, dipping his head in submission and slightly baring his neck.+

Geezus, at this rate, everyone would know I was the King's mate. If they didn't already. +

Braiden's scent still lingered on me. This mate bond made it so intense it took ages to fade. His scent from where our lips had touched had been tormenting me all day, keeping me on edge. Reminding me of how it got there. Even now, the memory of our virginal kiss floats through my mind, making it more embarrassing. I was inexperienced when it came to physical intimacy. I had no game. I wasn't sexy, I was just awkward. 7

"John, I need the room for a moment. I need to speak with Ava. Privately." Braiden's voice is low and angry.3

"Of course, my King. Come, everyone. Let's go for a walk outside." John rushes everyone out of the room before Braiden enters and closes the door behind him.+

I continue drawing, knowing why he is angry. It's irrational. +

Braiden approaches me slowly, his gaze trailing my side profile. My heart rate gives my calm exterior away as it beats frantically in my chest, and I gulp, trying to get in some much-needed air.+

Braiden stands behind me and leans forward like John had just moments before. But, whereas John kept a respectful distance, Braiden leans closer, his mouth inches from my ear. +

"Why is another man invading my space?" His breath as he speaks tickles my ear, and goosebumps erupt all over my skin, even on the side of my face.1

"Your space?" I ask, hoping my question comes out cocky. Epic fail. It comes out breathy instead. Dammit.2

"My space, Ava. You are mine. Which means this space," his finger trails down my arm slowly, causing an ache to form in my core, "is mine."+

His head dips into my neck, and of its own volition, my head dips to the other side, a small chuckle falling from his lips as he breathes in deeply—traitorous body. +

"Even your body knows this to be true, Ava. It's just your mind that needs to catch up. Now," he says, pulling away abruptly as I pull in a deep breath, the fact that I was holding it only registering afterward. Dam, I was screwed. He was stealing my breath, and I wasn't even aware—oxygen thief.10

"We need to get ready. We are attending an event tonight, and you are my date."1

My stomach drops, and I finally turn in my seat, meeting his gaze as apprehension overrides the desire coursing through my veins. +

"What event?" Oh god, what if it's some pack event? I don't know if I can do that so soon after what happened with his parents. 1

His following words, however, make that adage of being careful what you wish for more true than ever. And suddenly, I wish it was a pack event instead. +

"It's nothing much. Just a gala event being held at The Madison Hotel." Oh god, save me.5

Please don't forget to comment and vote!+

This body of work is available exclusively on Wattpad. If you're viewing it on a different website or under a different username, it has been illegally stolen, and you may be at risk of malware. Please do not support these sites, as writing a book takes long hours of hard work and effort. Head over to Wattpad and let me, the original author, know if you encounter this situation by finding me @greenwitchwrites.+

Braiden+

"My King, we are ready when you are," Samuel repeats the exact words I have heard for years every time I have to go anywhere outside pack lands. We know the drill—loads of security and loads of press. +

Tonight's charity event at The Madison Hotel was for the most influential people in the world. You couldn't buy yourself onto the list if you tried.+

"Where is Ava?" I ask Samuel as we walk through the pack house.+

"She is waiting with Nick out front. The schedule is tight. No wiggle room with this trip," Samuel advises as we reach the front door, where Nick and Ava are chatting with Mary and Sarah.

I left Ava with Mary this morning with instructions to show her around, particularly the rehabilitation section of the pack. I'd hoped it would help her with her pack integration hesitation issues and the trauma she experienced when she was younger. This would hopefully nudge her towards taking the step to be my Queen.4

What I hadn't banked on was the irrational jealousy that had pumped through my veins when I saw John hunched over my mate. If I were someone with lesser control, John may very well have landed a more severe punishment than me ordering him from the room.+

"My King," Mary says while Sarah looks up at me with a big smile, the joy she always has when she sees me comforting. Children cared less about who I was and were just themselves with me. It was refreshing. With them, I was just Braiden.+

"Mary," I greet. "How is my favorite girl?" I ask Sarah, who beams at the attention.+

"Can I go with you? Mommy wants me to go have a bath, but I don't want to," Sarah wines, her face morphing to a pout as Mary rolls her eyes.+

"You can't go with me today, but if you wash up, I think dessert is on the menu. But only for those who listen to their mommies," I say to her, her eyes lighting up as she pulls on Mary's hand. +

"Come, Mommy, let's go." Mary smiles and waves us off as three black SUVs pull up.+

My gaze meets with Ava, who looks at me with a strange smile before she blushes and follows Samuel to the middle car. +

At least this trip might give me time to learn more about her. I want to know what all her smiles mean, what she is thinking. I want to know everything.+

Once settled in the back, we pull off, heading to our first destination, just outside the pack borders.+

"Is this how it always is?" Ava asks me, breaking the surprisingly comfortable silence we have been in for the last ten minutes. +

Aside from my mate, I have other things on my mind. The actual reason we were going to the function tonight. +

"What is?" I ask her, not sure what she is alluding to.+

"This. The three vehicles and all the security. Is it always like this?" She clarifies, her hand waving around in the air as she speaks. It's adorable.+

"This is mild. It will be much worse when we get to The Madison with all the paparazzi. But yes, this is how it generally is. I am the King." I forget this is her first introduction to a social event outside the pack. It would be different if I were a regular wolf or just an Alpha. But I am not.+

"Don't you get tired of it?" Her beautiful green eyes search my face for an answer while her brows dip in a frown.+

"I know nothing else. My father was King, and before him, his father. I grew up knowing only this." That is all I can say in response. It was like asking someone if they got tired of being a person.2

"That doesn't really answer the question. Isn't it lonely, always being so...untouchable?" Ava has shifted her whole body now to face me, me the focus of her attention. +

It makes me want to puff my chest out. To beat my fists against it in some sort of primal victory display. This was what Ava did to me. She made me feel like she was looking at Braiden. Not at King Braiden. She made me feel special. Especially because I knew she didn't give a shit about my title. Or her future one as my Queen.3

While most women would jump at the opportunity to be Queen, she didn't. And it was refreshing. Countless women, even human, had voiced their desire to stand by my side. None fit that role until now.1

"I'm not untouchable. You can touch me anytime." She rolls her eyes, realizing too late what she has done. 8

 "If we weren't already here, you would have been settling your debt in the back of this car," I growl out while Ava glances at the driver briefly as embarrassment dusts her cheeks a beautiful pink. 1

"You're up to five. If you continue at this rate, you won't sit for a month when I finally dish out your punishment," I say to her, not giving her a chance to respond as I exit the vehicle, which has come to a halt.+

Ava gasps when she gets out of the vehicle.+

"You're kidding, right? Are we flying there?" Her voice is incredulous, and she doesn't even resist when I grab her hand and lead her toward one of three helicopters located a few feet in front of us. 1

"My King, we are ready," Samuel says, walking towards one of the helicopters. Ava and I would fly in one, he and Nick in another, and other members of my royal guard in the third.1

I help Ava in and then climb in beside her. All the blood has drained from her face, and she looks around nervously. The pilot hands us headphones so we can talk to each other and him. 1

"You're going to be okay," I tell her, leaning over her so that I can fasten her seatbelt. Her heart is beating erratically, the small vein in her neck giving her away. +

Her eyes lock with mine as I yank on her seatbelt, confirming she is strapped in. The pilot, prompting that we will take off, has me sitting back in my seat as I secure myself.+

"It's only a fifteen-minute flight from here. It will be over before you know it." I hope telling her this will allay her fears, but as we take off, she grabs my hand, her eyes wide with apprehension. 8

The apprehension is short-lived. The late afternoon sky dusts the horizon with pastel colors, creating a picture that is hard to ignore, especially from this perspective. +

All the apprehension dissolves as a large smile stretches across her face.+

"Wow, my-Braiden," she corrects quickly, almost using my title, when I quirk my eyebrow, "this is amazing."1

"I've seen better," I say, looking briefly at the view and then back at Ava.+

"You've seen better than this?" She asks, her hand sweeping the horizon.+

"I'm looking at it now." I can see she wants to roll her eyes. Internally, she is, and I laugh, something I don't do often. Yet she has made me laugh three times already. Three times more than I have in years. 7

"Does that line work on all the women," she asks but smiles as she does. +

"I've never had to use lines until now. Most don't need convincing. They know a catch when they see one." That makes her laugh, and I smile, loving this light-hearted mood we are in. It makes me want to ditch the evening and stay in our hotel room talking all night—perhaps more. 2

But we had to attend this event. The government had given me a lead on the Underground, a group responsible for our species' death, torture, and experimentation. While they were one among many groups, they were the largest and the ones who appeared to hold absolutely no conscience or have a moral line regarding what they would do to us. Or who they would do it to. No one was safe. Babies, toddlers, children, women, men, the elderly. They took anyone they could get their hands on as long as it was a werewolf. 2

The experimentations ranged from mild to absolute torture, with most not surviving. Or if they did, they were scarred for life. Wishing they were dead instead. +

As King, I had a responsibility to our people. It was my duty to protect our kind. +

"Where did you go, Braiden?" Ava's soft hand on mine pulls me from my thoughts, her beautiful eyes scanning my face. It is good that she doesn't have access to my thoughts yet. I don't want her to worry. +

"Nowhere. I'm fine," I smile reassuringly, her head tilting to the side as she continues staring at me.+

"That's the first time you've lied to me. You're not very good at it. You know, if you told me, maybe I could help you." She removes her hand from mine, the residual tingle making it feel like her hand is still there. 1

"If you became my Queen and let me mark you, we wouldn't need words. We could just read each other's minds." I counter, her face turning to shock.+

"Is that true?" I nod in answer to her question, her head shaking fast left and right, a no being voiced without words.+

"So you would be able to hear everything I am thinking. Everything," she drags out the last word, her cheeks flushing red as she does. +

"Yes. And you will finally hear all the ways I plan on taking you. All the ways I plan on making you mine." She shivers at my words and looks away, her thighs clenching firmly as she tries to hide the effect I have on her.11

"You shouldn't be speaking like that. What if the pilot hears you?" She scolds, still not looking at me.2

"I'm the King. I can say whatever I want. Especially to my future Queen." She doesn't have to look at me for me to know she is rolling her eyes.4

"Another one on the list. Looks like you don't want to walk for the rest of your life at this rate," I say, laughing when she looks at me exasperated. +

"I wasn't even facing you. That one doesn't count. Besides. You said you wouldn't do anything until I asked." She smiles smugly, her eyebrow lifting in a challenge.+

"As stubborn as you are, you will not only ask me, you will beg me, Ava. And when you do, I will take my sweet time teaching you what lies on the other side of your stubbornness." 16

Please don't forget to comment and vote!2

This body of work is available exclusively on Wattpad. If you're viewing it on a different website or under a different username, it has been illegally stolen, and you may be at risk of malware. Please do not support these sites, as writing a book takes long hours of hard work and effort. Head over to Wattpad and let me, the original author, know if you encounter this situation by finding me @greenwitchwrites.+

Ava+

I stand staring at myself in the mirror, thinking about the last two hours and how I landed up here. In the most gorgeous dress I have ever worn, and the most expensive, dripping from my body.2

It's obscenely lavish, and while I should be disgusted with wearing something that could quite literally feed a small country, I'm not. What does that make me? Materialistic? Arrogant? Perhaps instead of trying to judge myself, I could, just for tonight, be a girl in an expensive dress.1

A girl that had so many firsts in one day it is making me dizzy.3

First time driving in a limo and a helicopter. First time having my hair and makeup done by a professional. First time being presented with an array of elegant dresses, shoes, and accessories to choose from, all in my size exactly. No doubt I have Nick to thank for that. First time in a penthouse suite. The view was to die for, and the service made me feel like a celebrity. 1

"Knock, knock," Nick says, entering the room when I grunt.+

"You shouldn't be grunting in a dress like that. Geezus, Ava, you look like a model."+

I take another look at myself in the mirror. My white dress is simple yet effective in perfectly highlighting all my assets. It is strapless, the corset-like top half of the dress cradling my breasts and cinching my waist while still allowing me to breathe, surprisingly. A lace bolero covers the scars on my arms and back while suiting this dress perfectly.3

The bottom half of this masterpiece drapes to the floor with a small train at the back. A slit is high enough up my right thigh to make me feel nervous but not high enough to flash anyone anything. The white is broken by one solid black line running along the right side of the bodice, down the end of the train.  I paired it with black two-inch heels that wrap around my calves. 6

My hair is simply done, as is my makeup. Though done by a professional, it adds a touch I cannot get at home, even if I tried. High, tight ponytail and smoky eyes, making the green of my irises pop. 1

"Are you trying to kill the King?" Nick smirks, raising his eyebrows cockily.+

"What?" I ask innocently, not taking the bait.+

"That guy has it so bad for you, you have no idea. You can feel the mate bond even with the silver dulling it down. Imagine how it feels for him not having that buffer diluting the need and ache. Torture. Pure and utter torture. I speak from experience. I know the pull of the mate bond at one hundred percent. Don't be surprised if he can't keep his hands to himself. Or murder someone else who can't. Without marking you, others may think you are fair game, especially looking and smelling so delicious." Nick smirks, while his words just make me feel nervous. And guilty. I forget how this must be for Braiden. Alpha male. Trying to reign in his impulses.1

"He said he won't touch me until I ask," I say to Nick, meeting his gaze in the mirror.+

"Wow. That is restraint. Perhaps you should throw the dog a bone? He isn't a bad guy, Ava. He would do anything for you. I can see it in the way he looks at you." I roll my eyes at his words. The mate bond is doing this. It has nothing to do with what we want and feel.7

"The pack is speaking, and I have ears. They have never seen the King like this with a woman. Never. Even with Selene, he never publically displayed any affection. And before you say it is the mate bond, it isn't. The mate bond doesn't intrinsically change who you are. One doesn't go from not liking PDA to suddenly liking it. Or creating a whole room in your house where someone can feel safe and at home. The mate bond intensifies feelings. It doesn't manufacture them from nothing. Most people spend their whole life looking for their other half. As wolves, we are blessed with a mate bond, literally telling us who it is. It's a gift, Ava. Why not just try?" Nick dips his head in question and then smiles when he hears Samuel calling his name.3

"Nick, My Queen, there you are." He appears beside Nick. I have stopped asking him to drop the title. He doesn't listen, and I grew tired of telling him when I realized my words were futile.6

"My King is waiting for you just outside. We will be in the hall." Samuel grabs Nick's hand, almost dragging him from the room.5

"Okay, let's do this," I say to myself, glancing quickly at myself in the mirror before exiting the bedroom I got ready in.+

One step out of the room. That's how far I make it before Braiden's scent overwhelms me, and the lust continually simmering between us bursts into flames, stopping me dead in my tracks.+

Braiden looks like a god. I have seen him in a suit before, but this one is different. Blacker. More sculpted. 3

The cufflinks glint in the light as his fists clench and unclench, my gaze sweeping his appearance from bottom to top. His usually messy black hair is styled back, an unruly lock falling forward in a way that looks styled. His grey eyes are no longer grey. Black eyes stare back at me instead, and he inhales deeply, a growl reverberating in the room and making my panties slick with desire.1

"Fuck Ava. If you are trying to destroy me, congratulations, you are succeeding." His voice is so gravelly with restraint that it turns me on further. 6

I swallow, my mouth suddenly dry as he approaches. He devours me with his eyes, and I must refrain from moaning out loud when he circles me, his eyes everywhere. +

My wolf, who usually remains submissive, pushes forward, a strange yelp leaving my mouth. A sound I have never heard before and one I know to be from my wolf alone.+

"Your wolf is calling for her mate, Ava." Braiden, now standing before me, dips his head as he whispers those words in my ear, goosebumps erupting everywhere. Even my goosebumps have goosebumps.1

My eyes close as Braiden's hand cups the other side of my face while he nuzzles my neck.+

What if I just gave in to this? Gave into Braiden?4

I sigh, and his lips meet my neck, the lingering kiss etched onto my skin.+

"Braiden?" I say softly as my heart almost beats out of my chest.+

He slowly pulls back, his black eyes searching mine. +

"Yes, Ava?" He prompts me when I don't say anything.+

Could I do this? Could I ask him to kiss me? I blush redder than I already am, unsure how to get the words past my lip.+

"Will you..." oh my god, I'm a coward.+

"Will I what?" Braiden repeats, his head tipping to the side as he waits patiently for me to finish. +

"Will you-" A knock on the door has me jumping and stepping back as Samuel enters. 15

"I'm sorry, My King, they are waiting for you." Braiden doesn't acknowledge Samuel but stares at me intently for a full minute before turning around. +

"Ava." He holds his elbow out for me to take, which I do after a moment's hesitation. I can feel the muscle rippling beneath my hold, and thoughts of how it will feel under my hand make me avoid eye contact with Samuel as we pass him. Afraid he will see the dirty thoughts written on my face. +

We pass Nick and follow two royal guards toward an elevator, which is already open and waiting. +

We enter, and just as the royal guards are about to enter, Braiden shakes his head, each taking a step back. The doors close just as Nick and Samuels' surprised faces come into view. 1

The tension in the elevator is thick, and I glance at Braiden, his mouth set in a hard line and his jaw ticking.+

Braiden presses the ground floor button, and as it moves two floors down to the eighth floor, he hits the stop button. The elevator halts so abruptly that I grab his arm to stay upright.

Braiden crowds me, forcing me back until my back hits the elevator wall. +

"Ask me, Ava. Tell me what you want." Wow. This moment is so intense the air crackles between us as my heavy breathing eats up the oxygen.7

"Maybe we should wait until after the event?" I say quietly, the nerves making the question come out high-pitched.1

"There is no later. There is just now. Ask me." Braiden waits for me, and somewhere inside, I know he would wait this whole evening away if that's how long it took me to say the words.  2

Be brave. I can do this. It's just a kiss.1

"Will you kiss me?" The words leave me in a breathy whisper but so loud in other ways. 8

He growls and then closes the distance between us, his lips meeting mine and an explosion of sensation following. The spark usually accompanying his touch almost burns from the intensity, the pleasure ripping through me all the way to my core.+

His lips dominate mine, and then his tongue enters my mouth, taking and giving, rough and gentle, licking and nipping. It is exquisite. He takes this moment and paints it into a masterpiece, etched into the very fiber of my being as if the cells in my body have been rewritten. 1

No moment will ever be this sweet. No moment will ever be this perfect.1

My breath becomes his, and my body gravitates further towards him like a magnet until my hands are pulling on the lapels of his suit and his large, rough hands are running up the side of my waist. 2

We pull apart, our breathing ragged, black eyes meeting white as our animals stir inside. 2

Timed perfectly, the elevator phone rings, my heart jumping into my throat with fright.+

"Dammit," Braiden sighs, his eyes remaining locked on mine as he steps back, picking up the phone.+

"Yes. Everything is fine. No. No need for a technician. We will be down shortly." He puts the phone down, sighing in frustration.+

"We should go. We are already late," I say, smoothing my dress and trying to compose myself. +

"I would cancel in a heartbeat, Ava, but tonight is important." I smile at Braiden, the tone of his words telling me how torn he is.+

"I'm ready." I smile. A genuine one that pulls a similar one from him. +

He is the King. He has responsibilities. I understand that.+

"How do I look?" I ask him as he pushes the stop button to resume our descent.+

"Like I should push the stop button and continue where we left off." I laugh, nudging him with my elbow playfully before looping my arm back through his.3

As we get closer to the ground floor, nerves start fluttering in my stomach, reminding me that I am out of my element. I was about to enter a very public, high-profile event with The Alpha King of all werewolves.+

But when I look up at the man beside me, all I see is Braiden. 5

Please don't forget to comment and vote!+

This body of work is available exclusively on Wattpad. If you're viewing it on a different website or under a different username, it has been illegally stolen, and you may be at risk of malware. Please do not support these sites, as writing a book takes long hours of hard work and effort. Head over to Wattpad and let me, the original author, know if you encounter this situation by finding me @greenwitchwrites.+

Braiden+

"My King." Samuel dips his head as the elevator doors open, his eyes traveling from me to Ava.+

"My Queen, are you alright?" His question is quietly asked, eliciting concern from Ava as she looks around, confused and blushing.+

"Your eyes." Nick's surprised tone and words, followed by his finger pointing to a large gold-framed mirror hanging from the wall in the corridor we are in, jolt Ava into action as she lets go of my arm, quickly stepping towards it.+

"Oh my god. Why aren't they changing back?" Ava's finger brushes the undersides of her eyelids as if that will do anything. +

"It's fine. Mine change all the time. You look beautiful." I step behind her, white eyes meet with grey in the mirror's reflection. 5

Our kiss. Ava's bold move to ask me to kiss her must have stirred something in her wolf. From what Nick told me, because of the silver in her body and lack of pack exposure, her wolf was very reserved—rarely making an appearance.+

"Okay. So this is a regular thing among wolves?" Ava's voice is hopeful as she looks from me to Nick and Samuel. +

While new wolves did struggle with this, which might seem odd with Ava being twenty-seven years old and still not having control, it wasn't so much the fact that her eyes had not changed back. It was the color.+

I was blessed to have seen them before at the mandatory gathering when she had shifted into her white wolf. Like then, I marvel at their beauty. Gone is the green, and instead, white surrounds her black pupils, with only a thin black line at the edge of her iris, slightly bleeding into the white. It's fucking magnificent. And unique. More than unique, actually. Unheard of. Just like black eyes for a wolf.+

She and I were the only two wolves in the world with white and black eyes.5

Even knowing it may cause a stir, I cannot feel anything but proud. Ava's wolf was waking up. Rousing from its passive state. My wolf could sense her, feel her, stronger than before. It could mean we were breaking through. +

"There, now we match," I say, my wolf accommodating by changing my eyes to black.22

"Shall we?" I hold my arm out for Ava to take, her jaw nearly on the floor as she gapes at me. It's rather cute.+

"That's your solution?" Ava puts her hands on her hips, this stance I have seen on her often when she gets riled up. An image of her standing in my white shirt the night after the mandatory gathering, taking this same stance, nearly has me smiling. 1

"Yes. We are ready," I say to Samuel, who is watching the scene with amused surprise. No one spoke to me like Ava did.+

I take Ava's hand, pulling her gently forward as the royal guards lead the way to the function hall, with Samuel and Nick now in front of us. Nick glances behind him, chuckling, as Ava tries pulling her hand from my grasp.+

"Braiden. Let go," Ava hisses, keeping her tone low so that only I can hear. Everyone was in the hall already, awaiting the arrival of the King. Which at least gave us privacy out here.+

"Stop, My King!" Ava knows how to get my attention, bringing the procession to a halt. 1

Royal guards eye the scene cautiously, not accustomed to this tone being used with their King.+

"Give us a minute." I wait until Samuel, Nick, and my guards have stepped a reasonable distance away before I step toward Ava, crowding her while she stays rooted to the spot.+

"That's six Ava. What did I tell you about calling me My King." She huffs out, pulling her hand from mine.+

"It's the only way to get you to listen to me. I can't go in there like this." I wait for her to elaborate, which she doesn't.+

"Like what?" I prompt, causing Ava's expression to turn from anger to exasperation.+

"Are you choosing to be obtuse, or do you really not know what I am referring to? My eyes, Braiden. I cannot go in there like this." She points to her face, those same eyes slightly watering and alluding to the fact that she is on the verge of tears.1

"You look beautiful, Ava. No matter the color of your eyes." I soften my tone, brushing a thumb over her cheek reassuringly.+

"It's not that. It's not about the beauty. I'm not that vain. Clearly, my eyes are unusual. It is written all over your guard's faces. Even Samuels. Tell me the truth." Ava waits for me, and I wonder how to approach this so I don't scare her off.+

"You are a white wolf. I am a black wolf. Unique to our world. That uniqueness applies to not only our fur but our eyes as well." +

"So if I walk in there, everyone will know? On top of some rando rogue wolf walking into a high-profile public event on the King's arm, you want me to walk in there like this? Cause more drama. Be talked about even more." She waits, her brow drawn down as if giving me time for the words to sink in.+

"You really don't think about anyone other than yourself. Have you even begun to consider how hard this is for me, Braiden? How much all of this is for me?" Her hands sweep the area around us, her eyes swimming with hurt and unshed tears.12

My sister's words to me in my office come back to haunt me. I didn't think about how hard this would be for Ava. I just expected her to be okay with it. Most women wanted to be here, next to the King. But Ava was not most women, which added to her appeal. +

"I'm sorry." Those words banish her anger. Two little words that I didn't know could make a difference until now. And only the second time I had used them. Both with her.1

"This is unusual for me as well," I admit, Ava shaking her head in surprise.+

"I have only ever had to think about myself and my pack. It has been that way for years. I've never felt this way for anyone before, and I am out of my depths. I didn't mean to hurt you. I would never do that intentionally."7

A long silence fills the space between us as Ava soaks in my words, allowing them to seep into her being and see where they land. Which feelings they will impact and which response they will evoke. I have no idea, as I have never spoken these words to anyone.1

What I don't expect is the slight tug on her lips as she tries to suppress a smile.+

"For someone so out of their depths, you sure know the right words to say." The tension I didn't realize I was holding releases as she smiles. +

I step closer until we are inches apart.+

"Close your eyes, Ava." She hesitates, looking down the hall at Samuel, Nick, and the guards before looking at me and then closing her eyes. +

"You are in control—no one else. Take a deep breath and feel your wolf. Seek her out. And when you find her, gentle her. With words, with touch. Until you feel her calm down. Eventually, when you trust each other enough, your desire will be her desire. Because you are one. Not separate. Not different. Just the same. That is how you take back control. When you start loving yourself. Okay?"5

I step back, giving her some space. +

Ava takes a deep breath and then releases it, rolling her shoulders as she does. Fuck she is gorgeous. While the seconds tick by and she calms herself, my gaze sweeps her face, admiring her natural beauty. Her long eyelashes flutter and then open, revealing beautiful green eyes.2

"See. Control. You have it. You just need to practice. Shall we?" I hold my arm out, Ava's smile holding something else in its depths as she tilts her head to the side.+

"You're not so bad." Ava loops her arm through mine as we continue toward the event hall.+

"I'm not a saint either, Ava. You are playing with fire, looking like you do tonight. Let's get this over with, and then I can show you exactly how bad I can be." 11

Ava doesn't look at me, but the blush on her cheeks and how she pulls her lips in let me know all I need to know.+

As we approach the entrance to our destination, I push those thoughts aside, reminding myself why I accepted this invitation, to begin with—the Underground. Somewhere amongst the sea of high-profile individuals in attendance tonight was the head of the Underground and the human responsible for the countless deaths of our species.+

A man known by only one name. The Butcher.2

Please don't forget to comment and share!1

Check out my other book called Bound here (completed two book series)+

https://www.wattpad.com/story/319146768-bound+

https://www.wattpad.com/story/323774304-bound-book-2+

Skylar Morgan has been plagued by recurring nightmares since her eighteenth birthday. Eight years later, she has set up her dream shop in a quiet town, accepting the nightmares as part of her life. But when strange new faces appear in Town, and her gaze lands on a particularly handsome, rugged stranger, things start changing. Her quiet life is turned on its head as a world she was naively unaware of becomes her reality. A Legend throws Skylar into the path of her mate, devilishly handsome Dmitri Makarov, not only Alpha of a large pack close to her home but also a Lycan. Possessive, passionate, and dominant. He is not looking for love, but as protector of the Town Skylar lives in, he has an obligation to safeguard her, especially when Hunters start appearing close to Skylar's home. As secrets are uncovered, it appears that there is more to Skylar than meets the eye. Bound to each other, will they survive the aftermath of the puppeteer hiding in the shadows? +

+

+

+

+

+

This body of work is available exclusively on Wattpad. If you're viewing it on a different website or under a different username, it has been illegally stolen, and you may be at risk of malware. Please do not support these sites, as writing a book takes long hours of hard work and effort. Head over to Wattpad and let me, the original author, know if you encounter this situation by finding me @greenwitchwrites.+

Ava+

Eyes. So many eyes on me. I look at Braiden, wondering if this is how he feels. Probably not. He must be so used to this already. +

He doesn't look at me but gently squeezes my arm, acknowledging that he can sense me looking at him. That small gesture calms me as I straighten my shoulders and school my features. If I showed weakness, they would eat me alive.+

Samuel finishes his elaborate announcement of our arrival before we move forward, wolves bowing and humans dipping their heads in greeting as we make our way to the front of the hall. +

Thankfully, with this being a mixed-race gathering, there are no big, fancy, royal chairs putting us on display. Instead, there is a long table in the front, exquisitely decorated, seating those considered important. Making me feel wholly out of place.+

"Braiden, how nice of you to join us. I feared you might not grace us with your presence at all." The man addressing Braiden so informally as we approach the table stands and holds his hand out towards me. "But, I can see why you might ditch us. Who is this?" +

"Sir Oliver, nice to see you again." Braiden's voice is clipped, but a slight twitch of his lips tells me he likes the man standing before us.+

"This is Ava Smith," Braiden says, looking from Sir Oliver to me.2

Sir Oliver holds his hand out to me, which I take. Just before his lips meet my flesh, Braiden quickly snatches it away. +

Sir Oliver chuckles, his eyebrows rising in surprise.+

"I see. Well, Ava. It is a pleasure to meet you. Please call me Oliver or Ollie. Anything but Sir."6

"Shall we?" Braiden leads me to our seats, pulling my chair out and pushing it in once seated. While he sits next to Oliver, I am seated next to a woman who introduces herself as Nicki.2

She is sporting an angled bob cut, black hair, and blue eyes, such an unusual contrast it is hard not to stare.+

"Nicki. Wow, that's ironic. My best friend's name is Nick," I say to her with a smile as I point out Nick standing close to Samuel as they chat with some guests. I have never seen him look so happy and relaxed. With Samuel in his life, he has even reduced his work hours. A feat I have been trying to achieve for years without luck. Seems love can indeed move mountains.2

So, do you come to these things often?" Nicki smiles at my question and points to Oliver beside Braiden, her eyes rolling as she does. In an affectionate way. I wonder if she gets threatened with ass spankings for that action.9

"I had to go fall in love with a 'Sir,'" she laughs, bringing a smile to my face. "It comes with the territory. What about you? Are you and The King an item? Please say yes. I couldn't stand Selene. She and I barely said a word to each other. The stick up her ass could only be removed surgically, I fear."23

I laugh and blush, looking at Braiden, who has a small smile on his face. Clearly, even with Oliver talking to him, he must be listening to our conversation. +

"The King and I are... complicated." Braiden lifts his eyebrows at my comment, arousing suspicion with Oliver, who asks him if he is listening. +

Nicki laughs, as do I. I like her. We could be good friends. +

"This is boring. Shall we take a walk around? Gossip can keep us company. I have lots to share." She doesn't wait for my answer but instead gets up. +

I rise, Braiden's voice halting me as I do. +

"Where are you going?" Oliver chuckles at Braiden's possessiveness, the tone of his voice turning a couple of heads at the table.+

"You already know. You have been eavesdropping on our conversation. But in case you missed it, for a walk." I shift around my chair, Briaden's eyes still locked with mine.+

"What exactly worries you? There is so much security here, nothing will happen to me." His eyes roam my figure and then meet mine again.1

"I like having you close. And also, I don't care for murdering anyone tonight should they be unable to keep their hands to themselves."1

Both Nicki and Oliver laugh, and I soften my tone when I realize it is just jealousy prompting his behavior. Deep down and begrudgingly, I like it. No one has felt this way towards me ever, and as foreign as it is, it is quite lovely. 2

"You exaggerate. No one here is paying me any attention. I'll be fine." I don't wait for an answer but instead join Nicki, who is already waiting for me at the end of the table. 5

"Wow. That is a first. He was never like that with Selene. Sometimes I think he wished she would just bugger off." The satisfaction that rises in me at Nicki's words is ridiculous. Was I special to Braiden? I look behind me, catching his eye. His gaze is so direct as if he sees into my very soul. 2

"Ohh, food. Come, let's grab a snack." Nicki quickly distracts me from my musings as she grabs my hand and drags me towards a table full of delicious pastries and champagne, giving me both when I protest. 7

Once we have stuffed ourselves, we proceed to make our way around the room, Nicki introducing me to people and wolves and then telling me any gossip connected to them. She was a wealth of information.+

A few glasses of champagne in, and I am actually enjoying myself, Nicki's company a big part of that. It feels like I have known her for years, laughter and jokes coming so naturally. The anxiety I felt before has melted, and I almost laugh out loud that an event that I was so nervous about has turned out better than my wildest imagination.+

"I am surprised The King has not dragged you from the room. His eyes have not left you since you have left his side." I look over at Braiden, who is mingling on the other side of the room, with Oliver at his side and Samuel and Nick close by. His eyes meet mine, even as he continues talking. All the men in this room are dressed to the nines, but he is by far the most handsome. His power and dominance can be felt from here, and thoughts of the kiss we shared in the elevator have a flush creeping up my chest to sit on my cheeks. Braiden smirks as if he can read my mind. I drag my gaze away as my wolf stirs. Uncomfortably. +

This is strange. Not for the first time tonight, my wolf is making herself known. First with Braiden and now. But while the first was a feeling aligned with my own desire and lust, this time, the feeling is at odds with my current state.+

"Lady Brighton. Nice to see you again. Won't you introduce me to your companion?" That voice. It seems familiar, but when I look at the man before me, nothing about him rings a bell. Late forties, muscular, brown hair, brown eyes. Not unpleasant looking, so I couldn't quite understand my unease.16

Nicki stiffens beside me, and all humor fades. +

"Ava Smith, this is Sir Liam Ravensborough." Nicki's tone lacks the warmth she has held all evening since meeting her and during her introductions to other guests, even those with bad gossip attached to them.6

Sir Ravensborough holds out his hand, and I hesitate to take it, my wolf rousing further.+

I look at Nicki and then at Sir Ravensborough before slowly lifting my hand to meet his. As soon we touch, my wolf jolts forward.3

"Ava, your eyes." Nicki's words echo Nick's from earlier, and I snatch my hand back, dipping my eyes to the ground. +

"I'm sorry. I must go," I say quickly before rushing towards the door we entered earlier, gasps from some of the wolves I pass reaching my ears. 1

Shit. This was not good. The last thing I needed was to be part of the rumor mill I could tell from Nicki's gossip was well and truly alive amongst the attendees here.+

I don't make it very far before a hand grabs my arm, my wolf bristling defensively.+

"Are you okay?" Sir Ravensborough does not remove his hand, and when I look at him, there is no actual concern in the depths of those brown eyes. Something else resides there that is strangely familiar and does not leave me feeling warm and fuzzy.3

A loud growl from behind has my heart fluttering with relief. +

Next to Braiden stands Nicki, who must have sought him out and told him what happened. He is flanked by Oliver, Samuel, and Nick.+

Braiden eyes are black, and they meet mine before slowly drifting down to where Sir Ravensborough is still clutching my arm.+

"If you want to keep that hand, I suggest you remove it immediately and step back." Braiden's tone is laced with a distinct warning that would have any normal person quaking in their boots. 4

The look that crosses Sir Ravensborough's face is annoyance. And when he looks back at me, the look that resides there is anger before he slowly drops his hand and steps back.+

Instantly, my wolf is calmer, though definitely not docile. There is an edge that remains. An edge brought on by this man I do not know. +

"Well, this is an inconvenience," he mutters under his breath before spinning on his heel and walking off. +

"Don't go far," Braiden says as Sir Ravensborough passes him and reenters the hall we just left.+

Braiden closes the distance between us so quickly that his scent engulfs me like a gust of wind. Instantly calming me.+

"Did he hurt you?" Braiden's question is softly spoken but hard as granite. He is furious. His hand covers the spot Sir Ravensborough's hand was moments ago and instantly overrides the strange sensation I didn't even know lingered there until it was gone.3

I shake my head, but strangely, the action and the emotion don't match up. I don't even realize I am crying until Braiden swipes at a tear that rolls down my cheek. +

Strange. I haven't cried in years.7

Please don't forget to comment and vote!1

This body of work is available exclusively on Wattpad. If you're viewing it on a different website or under a different username, it has been illegally stolen, and you may be at risk of malware. Please do not support these sites, as writing a book takes long hours of hard work and effort. Head over to Wattpad and let me, the original author, know if you encounter this situation by finding me @greenwitchwrites.+

Braiden+

"My King, Sir Ravensborough has left." Samuel's words do nothing to take the edge off my anger. Anger that has remained since Nicki approached me in the hall and told me Ava was in trouble. +

Then, seeing him with his hand on her and the look on her face. I had to use all the restraint I have not to rip him apart. My wolf even relished in eating parts of him that was how infuriating the scene was. 3

Ava was unsettled. Her wolf was riled up. Her eyes had remained white, and the state of her wolf could be felt even when I left our suite minutes ago in the hopes of addressing the situation with Sir Ravensborough.+

He heard me tell him not to go far and chose to leave anyway. An impertinence that was unusual considering his title and standing in society. Even as a human, respect was shown to The King of Wolves. It would not go unpunished.+

"Have him tailed and run a full background check. I want to know everything."1

As an honored guest for the evening, I remained for another excruciating thirty minutes before finally bidding my farewells and leaving the gathering. Once again, my title has both helped and hindered me. Help me not murder someone but hindered me from being with Ava sooner. Royal responsibilities were downright frustrating at times like these.+

Luckily, Nicki had remained with her. I could tell they had hit it off. Which was great, considering Oliver was one of my closest friends. +

He was also an ally in this issue we were having with the Underground. His mother was mated to a wolf after his father passed when he was just five. His stepfather raised him like his own pup. They had spent a lot of time amongst the packs in the South, where his mother still lived. +

It was as personal for him as it was for me. +

"She is fine. Rattled but fine. She is having a bath." Nicki informs me when I enter the suite. +

She walks past me to the door and then stops, her smile from moments ago gone.+

"Sir Ravensborough. He is not a nice man. When he takes an interest in someone, it never ends well. How he looked at Ava tonight...well, it looks like she is on his radar. Just...be careful. He has connections." Before I can pry for details, Nicki leaves. I would have to ask her to elaborate when I see her again. For now, I just want to see Ava. Make sure she is okay.3

When I saw those tears rolling down her cheeks earlier and the confused, scared expression in her eyes, it fucking tore me apart. These feelings I felt were so intense that I wondered how people survived being in love. And with a mate bond. 6

I would tear my own heart out and give it to her if that was what she wanted. That's fucking insane. 6

Shaking my head at the thought, I reach the bathroom door, the quiet on the other side disturbing. Worried something might be wrong, I enter. Ava, who has been staring at herself in the mirror, jumps in fright, clutching the towel wrapped around her body tightly to her chest.+

"Geezus Braiden, you gave me a fright." Her face, which was pale earlier, has regained some color. And as my eyes rake her half-naked body, a blush suffuses her cheeks, making them an even rosier red.+

"You're back early. Won't that be seen as improper? For the King to leave an event at this time?" Ava's voice has risen a notch under my scrutiny as she approaches me, stopping a short distance in front of me.+

She stands her ground as I step forward, within reaching distance. +

"The only thing improper is how you look in that towel." It's true. Her wet hair is sticking to her face in places and to the curve of her breasts as they peek out of the towel. 1

Slowly, I peel one of these hairs away from the curve of her breast, her breathing increasing and goosebumps erupting even though the bathroom is steamed up from the warmth. I love seeing those little bumps on her skin, and the thought of counting each one sits alongside that of ripping my heart out and giving it to her. It's utter madness. But these are the thoughts I have when I am around her.1

"Um. I should get dressed," she says nervously as I start lifting another wet hair clinging to her body like I would if I were in the same position. +

Short, shallow breaths give her turmoil away, while the bulge in my pants gives me away. As I pull on the last wet hair clinging to the silky skin just above the edge of her towel, the smell of her arousal hits me full force. A low growl acknowledges it and seems to increase her arousal as she closes her eyes with restrained desire. I don't know why she is holding back.+

This thing between us is so explosive it is bound to erupt sooner or later. I didn't want to waste any time. Why did she?+

I grasp her chin between my fingers and then run the pad of my thumb over her lip, remembering how sweet she tasted in the elevator. How soft. How wet. +

Her eyes open, lust reflected in their depths. She wants me. I give my Queen what she wants.+

Our lips meet, and it's fucking exquisite. Every time I kiss Ava is like the first time. Every sense in me is awakened. The way she smells like sweet apples and pine cones. The way she tastes, sweet like candyfloss. The silky texture of her neck as my hand cups it, pulling her closer. The moan that escapes her throat as I deepen the kiss. It swirls together, forming a moment seared into my life for an eternity. If this moment spanned my entire life, I would be happy.2

We pull apart, breath rushing into my lungs as we stare at each other.+

"I should get dressed," she breathes out, her voice almost a whisper. +

"I like what you are wearing." +

She immediately regrets her response, the roll of her eyes ending as I abruptly pick her up and put her over my shoulder.+

Her hand flies out, trying to keep her towel covering her rear as she shrieks my name.+

"That's seven Ava. I have been warning you. I think it's time you settle up."+

I reach the back of the sofa, drop her down on her feet, and then spin her around so that her body is facing the sofa. +

With my back flush with hers, I lean forward, forcing her over the edge of the sofa as I whisper in her ear. +

"Are you ready for your punishment, Ava?" I move slightly to the side, my hand smoothing its way up the back of her thigh, my thumb grazing the curve of her rear before moving back down.+

As I wait for her answer, my hand moves higher and higher, grazing her ass cheek and then her center, like a whisper, making her moan out.+

She is so delicious my dick feels like it might burst at the seams I am so stiff.6

"Are you ready, My Queen?" She hesitates and then nods, closing her eyes with embarrassment. If only she knew. That was not an emotion that belonged between us.3

I slowly raise the towel, exposing her delicious rear, the skin a canvas of goosebumps. At this angle, everything is exposed, even her glistening pussy. I clench my teeth down so hard I am surprised I don't break one. I am certainly testing the limits of my restraint today. Looking at her like this, I want to just sink my cock into her. Hear our bodies slapping together as I pummel her from behind.8

It's the most erotic scene I have experienced, and the thought of marking her beautiful ass with my handprint is so primal my beast pushes my willpower hard, almost breaking it. He wants to mark her, but she needs time. Instead, we will mark her ass, which is what I do. 2

The first slap is mild, tame. The second one is a little harder, a little louder, as is the moan that it pulls from Ava as her hands grasp the sofa for support. The third and fourth slaps are done quickly, Ava now loudly moaning out as she bucks her hips, looking for release. The fifth and sixth slaps have her crying out my name. The seventh slap has her dripping, her juices running down her inner thigh. +

"Braiden, please. I need...more." I smile. An 'I told you so moment' that I would remind her about later. I told her she would ask me, and thank fuck she has, as I don't know how much longer I could hold out.+

I drop to my knees behind her and lap up the juices running down her thigh before I dive into the main course. Fucking divine. Ava gasps out in shock when my mouth meets her pussy.9

"Braiden, w-what are you doing?" She pants out, wriggling in my grasp.+

"Having dessert." I don't give her time for more questions as my tongue meets her clit, and I work the little nub, her moans of enjoyment guiding me as I map out her erogenous zones.16

I work them, adding a finger to the mix as I curl it inside her. That's all it takes as she falls apart, her loud scream making me smile as I take everything she gives. Its ecstasy. She is a drug. One I am proud to say I am addicted to.9

Please don't forget to comment and vote!+

This body of work is available exclusively on Wattpad. If you're viewing it on a different website or under a different username, it has been illegally stolen, and you may be at risk of malware. Please do not support these sites, as writing a book takes long hours of hard work and effort. Head over to Wattpad and let me, the original author, know if you encounter this situation by finding me @greenwitchwrites.+

Ava3

"So, are you joining us tonight for the pack dinner?" Sally asks as we walk out of the expression room where I have spent my days over the last week since we returned from the gala.2

Avoiding Braiden out of sheer embarrassment. After what happened in the hotel suite and the way he had brought me to orgasm after first spanking me, brought a ferocious blush to my face even now. 3

Though I didn't have to try hard to avoid him, he was barely home. I couldn't tell if he was also avoiding me or if he was just busy. Whatever it was, I was starting to feel insecure. Perhaps what happened in the hotel room put him off—made me look easy. Or desperate. I wasn't experienced when it came to sex, so maybe that came through, and it was unappealing. Whatever it was, I hated feeling this way, but I was too cowardly to address it with him. And now, so much time had passed, I didn't even know how.  3

"Ava?" Sally gently touching my arm brings me back to the present.+

"Sorry. My mind was elsewhere," I answer, the blush blazing on my cheeks.+

"I don't think I'll join tonight. The pack still seems unhappy that I am here and so close to Braiden. I don't want to cause issues." +

"Their opinion of you won't change if you don't spend time with them." Sally's words are gentle but ring with a truth that makes me anxious.+

The reality of the situation settles in as we walk past the large training area on our way back to the pack house, where I usually parted ways and continued to Braiden's house. Our house, I could hear his voice echoing in my mind.+

The training area is large and always busy, with today being no exception. As usual, all eyes trail us as we make our way past, with one set in particular making me bristle. Selene. She is standing with a group of she-wolves, their bodies fitted into tight, matching spandex workout clothes. Even in these clothes, Selene looks like a Queen, making my insecurities settle deeper. I don't belong here.4

"If it isn't My King's little pet. Why don't you come and join us, Ava? Show the pack what you are made of. There must be a reason I was replaced with the likes of you." Selene's words bring back a flood of insults that were levied at me when I was in my own pack growing up, stopping me dead in my tracks.4

My eyes meet hers and then flit from one person to the other, standing around watching the interaction. +

"Just forget about her, she is just jealous," Sally says quietly, pulling on my arm in the direction of the pack house.+

I turn away from Selene, ready to leave.+

"Just as I thought. No backbone. You are no Queen." That's it. That's all it takes for the anger to flood forward. I never asked for this. I never asked to be Queen. Just like I never asked to be an outcast in my pack back then. The difference is that I am no longer the small child, unable to stand up for myself. I am a grown woman. Who got through that and so much more. 9

I don't need to take this.+

"Sure. Why not," I say to Selene, the absolute calm in my voice doing more to unsettle Selene than if I had shouted or swore at her. 12

I pull my arm from Sally's grasp and approach the training area to stand a couple of feet away from Selene and her posse. Shoulders back, head high, I remind myself, looking her dead in the eye as I wait for her to throw down whatever gauntlet she thinks will chop me down to size in front of the pack members watching intently. She wanted to prove something in front of an audience. I would oblige.+

"So. What's it going to be?" I ask her when she says nothing.+

She smiles at me, then looks at her posse with a sly smile as if what she is about to say holds some little secret.+

"Hand-to-hand combat. The first one to draw blood wins. Wolves allowed." She smiles sweetly at me, waiting for me to either bow out and give her what she wants or agree and also give her what she wants. I don't like to take the easy way out, so I smile.4

"Sure," I say sweetly, already removing my jersey as I turn around and place it on a rock. +

"This isn't a good idea. Selene's parents had her train with one of the senior pack warriors since she was ten. She is very good, as much as I hate to admit it."  Sally speaks quietly, and her look tells me she is very concerned. It almost makes me laugh, but I refrain, not wanting to hurt her feelings.10

"It will be okay. I promise." 6

My paint-stained leggings and tank top would have to do, I think absentmindedly as I turn around and survey the situation.+

News seems to have spread, and as I approach the large open area where I have seen wolves training one-on-one, the crowd surrounding the area increases as more pack members join to observe this little power display.+

I take my place on one side while Selene takes hers on the other, the sweet smile from earlier replaced with a sneer. Perfect. Facades have been dropped, just the way I prefer.+

Selene was anything but perfect. She was a bully. Someone who demanded respect instead of earning it. She was arrogant, self-centered, and everything I despised. It was time someone put her in her place. And who better than the outcast.10

Selene lunges first, but her attempt is easy to read, and I dodge it effortlessly, the surprised look on her face making me laugh. Which riles her up further, an angry blush suffusing her porcelain skin. +

Five attempts later, she has yet to even lay a finger on me, while I have already landed two punches. One to her abdomen and one to her side. Nothing too hard. If I wanted to, I could break her bones.9

The pack is whispering, and Selene looks uncomfortable and furious. This little display is not doing her any favors. While I have not trained with a senior pack warrior, that doesn't mean I haven't trained. In my home pack, I was physically unable to stand up for myself. When I left, I promised myself never to be in that position again. +

I trained myself, which wasn't hard. My wolf was a natural when it came to fighting. Though I couldn't control her and shifting, I could channel her speed, strength, and agility during combat. Perhaps it was an instinctual fight or flight response that allowed it. Whatever it was, even Nick said it was remarkable.+

"That's it," I hear Selene say before she shifts, her clothes ripping to accommodate a medium-sized brown wolf. How disappointing. I expected her to look formidable. Unique even. But what stood before me was an average-looking she-wolf. The same as so many I have seen. 1

Sally, who is standing slightly behind me, whispers, "Maybe you should call it?"1

I shake my head in response, bracing myself as I watch Selene crouch low, the fur on her back rising as her teeth are bared. +

Her claws dig into the ground, and then she jumps, her jaw open wide as she sails through the air, her aim not hard to guess and raising concerned gasps from the entire pack watching.+

If I weren't more skilled and able to roll out of the way sooner, she would have clamped down on my neck. The move is only used with one intention. To kill. It was forbidden during training sessions in my pack and, no doubt, in this one, too, based on the reaction of the wolves around us. +

She lunges again, the aggression of her growl and the clear attempts to maim me making more than one wolf shout out for this to stop. +

The shout distracts me, and Selene takes the opportunity to jump forward, her body smashing into mine and pushing me to the ground. My arms push against her neck as I block her jaw, which snaps inches from my face. +

I can hear shouting in the distance, the voice familiar, but I ignore it, trying to concentrate on the issue at hand. If I didn't get this psycho bitch off me, she could end up doing some damage.3

My wolf is becoming agitated, her need to dominate this she wolf pushing at my barriers of restraint until I cannot hold her back anymore, and she pushes forward, that act sending Selene flying. She lands on the ground, but before she can get up, we are on her, my hand around her neck while my body weight pins her down. One nail elongates, piercing the skin on her neck as I lean close to her ear. 3

You can hear a pin drop around us.+

"Shift. Now." I command her, my voice a mixture of my own and one I do not recognize. One dripping with something I have never had. Power.41

In this form, her wolf submits, losing its fight and arching its neck to the side, exposing it to me as I have seen wolves do with Braiden. And then she shifts. The eyes that meet mine are filled with anger, hatred, and one emotion I never thought I would see Selene wear. Shame. 7

I stand up, suddenly aware of my surroundings. Gasps echo around the group, and whispers indicate what the cause is. 'Her eyes'.+

My wolf inhales deeply and then growls delightfully, telling me he is here. I look around until my gaze meets with his. Braiden. And in their depths is one emotion. Pride.22

Please don't forget to comment and vote!1

This body of work is available exclusively on Wattpad. If you're viewing it on a different website or under a different username, it has been illegally stolen, and you may be at risk of malware. Please do not support these sites, as writing a book takes long hours of hard work and effort. Head over to Wattpad and let me, the original author, know if you encounter this situation by finding me @greenwitchwrites.+

Braiden+

Fuck, she is exquisite. She looks like a fucking goddess. A true Queen. Her eyes are white, her head is held high, power seeps off her, and wolves near her bare their necks, instinctually bowing to her dominant energy. 3

The only one to match and meet that call to stroke against it, being my own.+

"Did you see that, Braiden? She forced me to change. Forced me! Only you can command that. She has committed treason." Selene's voice is weak and shaky, usually an act to try and garner sympathy. But at this moment, she feels exactly that. Weak and unstable. Truly threatened.7

Ava doesn't even bristle under the accusation. I can tell that she is still in that fight-or-flight mode. Probably expecting some sort of retaliation from me as she still fails to see herself through my eyes. Something that needs to change. But in this deadlock we find ourselves in, where she still tries to push against our mate bond and her rightful place in this pack, I would need to force the situation forward.+

"Of course, she commanded you. She is my mate. My true mate. Ordained by the moon goddess herself. The only match for me. My Queen," I say before finally dropping my gaze to meet Selene's, "Your Queen."22

Audible gasps are heard from pack members. I know that some suspected, but to have it confirmed sends a shockwave through the pack. Feelings flood the pack link. Surprise. Elation. Acceptance. No wolf was ever unhappy for another when they found their true mate. The moon goddess never picked wrong, and the pack trusted that above all else.3

Having Ava force Selene to shift just confirmed that. Solidified what I already knew. +

Shock appears on Selene's face, and when I look up, surprise sits on Ava's as she looks around and then back at me. I take a few slow steps forward. +

"You tried to kill your Queen." Selene pales at my words, wrapping the blanket one of the pack members hands her around her before standing up.+

"She bears no mate mark, and there has been no ceremony. She is not the Queen." Selene's voice holds panic, as it should.5

"Irrelevant. You never use a kill move. It is against pack rules." My eyes remain firmly locked on Ava, who seems to have recovered from the shock of my earlier revelation to the pack.+

"But-" I cut Selene off, tired of everything about her. +

Since finding Ava, my eyes have been opened to just how manipulative and self-centered Selene really is. Things I overlooked before and traits I would not want in a Queen or a mate. +

"Samuel. Take her away. I will deal with her later." Finally realizing the gravity of the situation, Selene starts sobbing as Samuel carries out my instruction.3

"Everyone else, leave." Pack members scatter so quickly that dust forms around us in their haste to get away. 2

Ava and I are standing a couple of feet apart, but the look in her eyes makes the distance feel much wider. If only we could finish the mating process, I could feel how she feels. And she would finally know my feelings. I have stayed away from her the last couple of days. Though it has been mainly due to work, I also wanted to give her space. Give her time to decide what to do. With us. With her place here. I knew I wanted her, but she still seemed to be unsure. I wanted her to want me with the same certainty I did. 1

Especially after what happened at the gala. I was falling for her. Had fallen. The feeling was so foreign I wondered if I would ever recover if she rejected me. Told me she didn't want me.+

She spins on her heels, storming to the rock where her jersey is before walking toward our house.+

I follow behind, my height making it easy to catch up with her. +

"Ava." She ignores me, continuing to speed walk down the path leading to the front door. +

While I shouldn't be focused on this right now, I can't help watching her ass in the paint-stained leggings she is wearing. The reminder of how she fell apart, the orgasm ravaging her after I spanked her, once again forces the blood to my cock. As it had all week. The taste of her lingered on my tongue still, slowly driving me insane. There was an itch just under my skin that had started after first laying my eyes on her at the mandatory gathering. One I could not get rid of. And I know the cure was the fiery woman opening the door to our house as she storms inside.+

She spins around, hands on her hips. I want to smile, but I don't.+

"What the hell was that, Braiden?" I step closer to her and then shut the door behind me.+

"I thought it was obvious. Just stating the facts. Though it was barely needed after your wordless affirmation." Her brow dips in confusion, though her anger remains. I can practically feel the heat from her body she is so worked up.+

"What are you talking about?" Her stance loses some of the confidence as her shoulders dip, and her hands drop to her sides.+

"You ordered Selene to shift. Her wolf obeyed, even against her will. Only a true leader can achieve that, Ava." I take another step forward as she eyes me suspiciously.+

"Surely every wolf can do that?" Inches separate us as I close the distance and then circle her.2

"No. Only born leaders. Like you," I whisper into her ear, "and me."+

She shivers and then stiffens when she realizes. +

"I'm not a leader." Soft and breathy words as my head dips to her neck, where her scent is most potent. Just where my mark goes.+

"You are Ava. Just like you are mine." Her eyes close as I circle back around, my words of ownership not meant in a degrading way. But meant in the same way that I know I am hers. That no other will ever make me feel the way Ava does. No other will match me, fit me, fight me, like my Ava.+

"Braiden." She whispers, her eyes opening again and the confusion in them making me stop my slow rotation of her.+

"You can feel it, Ava. I know you can. You are just fighting it." Her gaze travels my face, blazing a trail across my skin as effectively as if her finger had touched my skin.+

I close the distance when I see her eyes dip to my mouth again, circling her in my arms before claiming her lips. God, she is fucking addictive. Every bit of her is.1

Before long, she is clinging to my shoulders, her moans stroking my cock as I lift her so that her legs wrap around my waist. She grinds against my length, the sensation almost causing my legs to buckle. By the time we get to the room, I feel like I might explode, Avas whimpering, bringing my beast into the equation as it answers to hers. +

I place her on the bed and then hook my fingers into her leggings, meeting her gaze before I continue. She gives me a shy nod, and then, ever so slowly, I peel her leggings away from her body. She squirms under my perusal as I take in the smooth skin that is revealed. Peppered with goosebumps. And the scent of her. Fuck I want to roll in it like a cat with catnip. Slowly, I run my hands up her legs until I get to the band of her cotton panties, the damp patch in front alluding to how aroused she is.11

I dip my head, my tongue adding to the damp patch as I lick her through the fabric. +

"Braiden. No one has ever...done that." Seven little words. Their impact is like being punched. I was the first to taste her. I would be the last. The feeling overwhelms me, and the importance of the moment at the gala, and now, becomes more apparent. This is a big deal. For her. For me. 6

Slowly, I pull down her panties, and then I take my time on my knees in front of my Queen as I bring her to orgasm. Not just once. Twice, three times. Until she begs me to stop. When she is fully satisfied, I get a cloth and clean her up before placing her in bed and climbing in beside her. Pulling her close. She doesn't resist but wraps her hands over mine. The small action giving me hope.14

"Our relationship cannot just be based on sexual attraction and the mate bond, Braiden. You don't even know me. I don't know you." Her words are not angry, just resigned. Like she knows that she is grasping for straws. I am wearing her down. I can't say I feel any regret about it. That would be a lie.1

"I know parts of you, Ava." She rolls around in my arms to face me.+

"Like what? And don't tell me it's my vagina." A small smile plays on her lips, and I feel relieved. I don't always want to be arguing with her as fun as I find it.2

"Dammit. You caught me out." I kiss her on her nose, enjoying this moment of fun.+

"You like your coffee strong. It might as well be black, but you still add the dash of milk for the color. You don't like eating breakfast, but if you have to, it's crispy bacon and scrambled eggs with a dash of salt and pepper. Any other way, and you don't eat it. Your favorite book is by E. Benjamin, a poetry book. I, personally, like the one titled 'wilting wildflowers,' but your favorite is 'Trying.' You love painting flowers but prefer drawing pictures of people in their natural surroundings. When you are mad, you put your hands on your hips like you are scolding a child, and when you are happy, truly happy, your smile reaches a point where a dimple can be seen on the left side. Almost like now," I say, touching the little dimple with my finger. 14

"You're smart, brave, strong, shy, sensitive, talented, caring, empathetic, and apparently, an excellent fighter." She laughs, and the sound is so beautiful I smile. I wish she laughed more often, that thought forming into a challenge. That's what I wanted her to do. Laugh more. +

But first.+

"I want to know you, Braiden. But you haven't been around much. I thought it was because of the gala. That you might be avoiding me after what happened." She blushes, and I smile, the thought that she is embarrassed after what we have done just alluding to her innocence.+

"Every moment I have had with you so far has been nothing but memorable, Ava, in only the best way. Don't doubt that. I was giving you space, and work has been hectic. But I realize now that we don't need space. We need to be around each other. How about we go on a date? Tomorrow night. After we attend the pack dinner together." I wait for her response, the emotions flying across her beautiful features. +

"Okay," she says finally, a small smile on her lips.+

"There is something else, Ava. Something we need to talk about." I hesitate, not sure how to broach this topic. +

"What. What is it?" Ava asks, her smile from moments ago gone.+

"The silver in your body. We analyzed the piece I picked up from the night of the gathering when you shifted. It's infused with wolfsbane. We can't figure out how it was done, but that's beside the point. When we tested your blood, you showed signs of metal toxicity." I wait for her reaction and am surprised when there is none.+

I sit up, and she follows, pulling the blanket close to her. +

"You're not surprised?" I accuse her when she says nothing. +

"I underwent a routine checkup a couple of years ago, and this was highlighted to me," Ava says so nonchalantly I can't help but feel angry.+

"I can only assume by your calm reaction to this news that you are not aware of the implications of this," I say, getting up as a feeling of overwhelming disbelief runs its course through me.

"I am aware," she says, looking away. +

"Tell me, Ava. Tell me what this means," I grit out, wanting to hear it from her. Seconds pass before her gaze finally meets mine. "I am dying."59

Please don't forget to comment and vote!+

This body of work is available exclusively on Wattpad. If you're viewing it on a different website or under a different username, it has been illegally stolen, and you may be at risk of malware. Please do not support these sites, as writing a book takes long hours of hard work and effort. Head over to Wattpad and let me, the original author, know if you encounter this situation by finding me @greenwitchwrites.+

Ava+

Saying the words overwhelms me with sadness, especially considering everything that has changed in the last couple of weeks. In light of the man standing before me, the look of hurt on his face ripping my heart in two.+

I look away as tears I have not shed, even when I got the news, rise to the surface. Now. While I am with Braiden.+

"Is that all you have to say?" Braiden is standing a few feet from me, but now I feel like we are a whole world apart.+

"Ava!" He raises his voice as if I didn't hear him the first time.1

I get up, averting my gaze as I try to escape from the room. I just need to be alone.+

"No. You are not running away." Braiden blocks my retreat, standing in the doorframe so I cannot get past.+

I can't take it anymore. A crack in the barrier that had taken me years to construct formed when I met Braiden, and now it was cracking further under his scrutiny. Under his pure perseverance to have everything out in the open. The walls crumble, and I hate that it chooses this moment to happen. Leaving me feeling vulnerable.+

"What do you want me to say, Braiden? What!" I shout, stepping back and finally looking at him as tears stream down my face.+

"Do you think I want any of this? Do you think I enjoy having one thing after another happen to me without my control? To be cast out by my pack? To have this silver in my body?" I sob, smacking my arm where I know one lies under the skin.+

"While I wouldn't have minded this outcome a couple of weeks ago, considering the utter loneliness that seemed to sit deep in my soul and the lack of belonging anywhere, now..." I cannot finish the sentence. It would be out there, and then I couldn't take it back. I look away, his eyes too gentle, too understanding.+

"Now what Ava?" Braiden's soft voice engulfs me as he steps forward, wrapping me in his arms and holding me close to his chest.+

"Now...now..." I gulp, looking inside me. Looking at the truth of what I am about to say.+

"Now there is you." It's out. I have said it. Tears pour out of me as he holds me closer, rubbing his hand down my back and hair. Soothing me as if I haven't just admitted the most damning thing. This had become complicated now that I cared about someone other than myself. Harder. 4

I felt relieved when I saw Nick and Samuel together. The worry that he would be alone was gone. With it gone, I came to accept my fate, but now, it tore me apart. The idea of dying. Of not seeing Braiden again. Not kissing him. Not fighting with him. Not being in the space of his quiet, and sometimes very loud, dominance. I wanted to live. And it broke my heart. Everything I would not get to do shattered me, and I knew this was the real reason I had been pushing Braiden away. Pushing this pack away. Pushing the life I couldn't have away.13

I put my arms around him, gripping onto him for dear life as the minutes tick by and my tears peter off until all that remains are hiccups and Braiden's wet shirt.+

"Come. Let's go downstairs, and I'll make you some tea. Then we can talk." Braiden pulls back slightly, gently brushing my hair out of my face.+

"Okay. I need a minute," I say, pointing to the bathroom. +

When I finish blowing my nose, splashing my face with water, and tying my hair up, Braiden has a fresh cup of camomile tea waiting for me on the kitchen counter. It is nearly midnight, and the stars are out in full force. He is standing on the balcony, gazing into the forest. +

God, he is magnificent. Not just his physique. Everything about him. The way he handles himself. The way he handles me. Challenges me. Makes me admit my feelings. Never gives up. Of all the men to be mated to, I would never have imagined it could be a man like Braiden. He is everything a woman could want, as infuriating as he sometimes was.4

I take the opportunity to drink him in, just like I am my tea. Tall. Muscular. And that face. Black hair, grey eyes, sharp jaw, slightly sharp nose. And lips that make me forget. +

"I can smell you, little minx." The words are surprising as Braiden still has his back to me. So surprising I choke on my tea, making Braiden laugh as he turns to face me.6

"Is the tea not to your liking?" The way Braiden asks me, I can tell he is not talking about the tea in my cup. He knows I was checking him out.+

"A little bitter. Needs more honey," I say purposefully, pulling a face as I take another sip.+

"Sure." He drags the word out, peering into my near-empty cup as he takes it from me and places it on the table before wrapping his arms around me. +

"Ava. We need to talk about something. Something that is maybe difficult for you." I pull back from him, his stern expression and tone worrying me.+

"Okay." He releases me and pulls out a chair around a table on the deck, which I sit in while he sits opposite.+

"Dr. Adams has reviewed your test results and the full body scans. He says the only way to get the silver out of your body would be to find the doctor who originally placed it there." This did not sound like good news. Part of me hoped there would be a doctor here who could perform a miracle. 1

"I told Dr. Adams you have no memory of that time. He is suggesting, if you are willing, that you undergo hypnosis. A friend of his, Dr. Sandra Lewis, specializes in this. And she would be more than willing to come out here and have a couple of sessions with you." 1

I had already tried this five years ago with no success. But back then, I didn't want to remember. I was resistant to it, but Nick thought it was a good idea. That it could help me deal with the trauma. I went because he asked me. But I never wanted to be there, and the hypnotherapist told me my resistance was hindering the progress of the sessions. Eventually, she canceled with me. Perhaps now that my life depended on it, this time would be different.9

Braiden waits for me to answer, his patience with me so endearing.+

"I'll try it." This earns me a gorgeous smile.+

"In the meantime, Dr. Adams is in discussion with a pack doctor in the South who performs experimental procedures. He has been sent your case files, and he will let us know if he has another solution." +

What if there wasn't another solution? How long did I have? The doctor who told me weeks ago was a human doctor, so he couldn't tell me how long I had. He also said he had never heard of this happening with a wolf, so he doubted a precedent existed.

"Ava. Don't worry. I won't let you die." Braiden's voice is so confident, a small glimmer of hope roots itself. 

"Did Dr. Adams say how long I have?" Did I want to know if he did?1

"With your levels of toxicity, a normal wolf would be dead. As a white wolf, it is difficult to say. But you are not showing any normal signs, which is good. Your wolf is strong, Ava. You are strong."4

Braiden gives me a reassuring smile and a squeeze of his hand, though I can sense there is something else.+

"What is it, Braiden? There is something you're not telling me." He looks at me, and I can see the hesitation as he thinks before finally speaking.+

"You know that as the royal pack, we take in and rehabilitate abused wolves. As the King, I have a responsibility to all werewolves to protect and serve them." Braiden's words are spoken with a heaviness that betrays his feelings about this situation—reminding me that this man is not just anyone. He has responsibilities far greater than I am aware of.+

"The gala was more than just a social event. We are working closely with the government, trying to find the head of one of these organizations, the biggest one. The Underground. Apparently, he was at the gala."+

My mind goes back to the gala, sifting through all the people Nicki introduced me to. None stand out besides the last one. Sir Ravensborough.+

"Who is he?" I ask Braiden, though I realize it is a stupid question. If he knew, the person would have been caught by now.+

"We don't know. We know he is human. But until now, he has evaded every effort to be captured. We suspect he has informants on the inside, even in our pack. That's what I have been doing this last week. Trying to find the traitors. It is the only way he would know our moves." I suddenly feel guilty for my childish thoughts about why he was avoiding me. He wasn't. He was attending to something much bigger than what I had boiled his absence down to.10

"None of the abuse survivors have been able to identify the man we are looking for, as he usually wears a mask. But all of them say the same name. The Butcher."+

The name sends a shiver down my spine, and my wolf whimpers, familiarity there but the direct connotation missing.1

Just as Braiden is about to continue, his attention is pulled. His is being mind-linked. I can tell by how his eyes lose focus, like someone daydreaming. I hadn't been part of a pack link for so long that not being part of one was the norm for me. +

He abruptly stands up, the stormy look on his face telling me something terrible has happened.+

"I'm sorry, Ava. But I need to go. A new group of survivors has just come in." Braiden is torn between staying and going, and I hate that he even feels like he needs to be. This obviously takes priority.+

And if I was going to start being part of this pack, I needed to change. I needed to try.

"Let me get changed quickly. I'll come with you." Braiden's face morphs, a slow smile spreading across his face.+

He knew what this meant. He knew this was the first step towards me accepting this role beside him. +

I just hoped I would have enough time. +

For the first time in a long time, I wanted to live. If Dr. Sandra could help me remember, perhaps we could find the person who did this to me. And stop them from doing this to someone else. A purpose settles deep within me, fueled by a desire to stand beside the man looking at me with such adoration. We would find whoever did this to me, and we would find The Butcher. Together.1

Please don't forget to comment and vote!5

This body of work is available exclusively on Wattpad. If you're viewing it on a different website or under a different username, it has been illegally stolen, and you may be at risk of malware. Please do not support these sites, as writing a book takes long hours of hard work and effort. Head over to Wattpad and let me, the original author, know if you encounter this situation by finding me @greenwitchwrites.+

Braiden+

Five hours have flown by. Thirty-two adults and eleven children are now comfortably situated in the rehabilitation center's A and B wings of the special recovery unit. While Mary was with Dr. Adams in room B, assessing the children, I was in room A, along with a doctor from a neighboring pack and some nurses. +

Samuel, Nick, and some of the members of my intel team were busy getting as much information from those adults that could talk. Though so far, we were getting more of the same story we always got. +

The Underground snatched them from the street or their homes at night, blindfolding them until they arrived at secure locations before torturing them. Initially, there were nearly eighty of them, according to one of the survivors who had been there the longest. But they died. Leaving only those we now see. Luckily, we had received a tip-off on this location when we did, as most of these wolves were on the brink of death. +

Malnutrition. Severe blood loss. Excessive wolfsbane exposure. Prolonged exposure to silver, the wounds of which would not heal. Leaving them scarred both physically and emotionally. It was disturbing. As their King, I was supposed to protect my people. This made me feel like I was failing. My wolf was tugging at my restraints with every new issue the doctors highlighted, especially with the children.+

What was apparent was that the Underground was looking for a way to take our healing ability and make it into medicine for humans. They seemed to be inflicting various ailments and injuries on those held captive and then monitoring how they healed and how much they could take before it was too much. We were just guinea pigs being used in the development of something the human race could benefit from. 5

It would also make the organisation a ton of money which was probably the underlying reason to do this. Imagine what someone would pay to heal instantly. It could be used as a weapon in the human wars that are still waged between some countries. The winning side, no doubt, would be the highest bidder if whatever the Underground was trying to achieve ever came to fruition.1

That thought sends a shiver down my spine. What would stop them then from waging a war against us? At the moment we were still feared by the humans, our strength and ability to heal making us far superior. If we no longer had that edge, what would stop us from being eliminated next?+

"My King?" Samuel prompts, my thoughts so consuming that they had pulled me from the conversation.+

"Let's call it a day. We can continue the questioning once the survivors have had a chance to rest and recuperate. I want round-the-clock care and an update every few hours."+

Samuel nods before heading off to carry out my request.+

Where is Ava? While everything happening here had been my main focus, the constant pull to be around Ava was in the back of my mind. It's like having something on the tip of your tongue. It's there, but not. In my peripheral, I had spotted her now and then. Chatting to a survivor. Helping a nurse as she attends to someone's wounds. +

People responded to her. Her empathy, and at some subconscious level, her past trauma, allowed her to connect with the survivors. +

My heart pinches tightly when I look around the room and don't see her. Finding her, though, is not an issue. My wolf could track her scent a mile away. What I don't expect is to find her in a tiny cupboard in the corridor, a small girl of only eight, cradled in her arms, asleep. +

"She was hiding in here. Scared," she whispers, her hand gently stroking the brown hair, knotted and dirty. This clearly indicates the utter neglect that befell her at the hands of the Underground. They would pay. The Butcher would die, and I wouldn't feel an ounce of remorse. +

I gently lift the child from Ava's arms before returning to B wing, where an open bed is ready and waiting. Ava gives the girl a peck on the forehead and promises Mary she will return later to check in on everyone.+

As soon as we leave, exhaustion settles in, and Ava looks like she might fall asleep on her feet. +

In one fell swoop, I lift her in my arms, reminding me of the last time I had her like this. When she tried to run away from me. A lot has changed since then.1

"Braiden, what are you doing?" She is less shocked than usual, alluding to how tired she is.+

"Holding my Queen. You look tired." My gaze travels her face, which is slightly pale. Strained.+

"I'm not." As the words leave her mouth, she yawns, her hand flying to her mouth to hide it.+

"Maybe a little," she says sheepishly, relaxing more in my arms as we walk the path back to our house. +

With it being five in the morning, no one is around. Luckily, else Ava would be protesting to this public display of affection lest someone see us. However, after her little display with Selene, the pack had already started accepting her as their Queen. I could feel the shift. It was just Ava that needed to welcome who she was meant to be. +

"Is this how it always is?" Ava's worried expression tells me where her thoughts are—the group of survivors.+

"It is getting worse. Usually, more survive." Their deaths were on my hands. The longer it took me to discover the head of the organization, the more wolves died.+

"It's not your fault, Braiden. I can see the guilt coating you. It is an emotion often misplaced and worn by the wrong people. Believe me. I know." Her words are accompanied by her hand gently cupping my face, these little displays of affection initiated from her side becoming more frequent and sending a jolt of euphoria through me.+

"I am the King." She smiles, dropping her hand to lie in her lap.+

"Yes. I know. But you are also Braiden—one person. You didn't torture those wolves. Someone else did. Someone you are actively looking for. You are doing your best, Braiden. That's all any of us can do." Her words only slightly ease my guilt. While I had successfully uncovered and closed many of these organizations, this one proved trickier than the rest. The longer it took me, the more damage was done. +

When we get to the front door of our house, I lower her to her feet. Instead of opening the door, she turns around, looking up at me with those gorgeous green eyes.+

"Thank you for taking me with you, Braiden. I want to be involved in this. In the pack." She then rises on the tips of her toes and kisses me. It starts slowly but deepens as I pull her against me, her body a perfect match for mine. +

As I push her backward, I expect the front door to stop our progress, not to swing wide open.+

I immediately pull Ava behind me, my senses on high alert. +

"What is it?" Ava peers around me as I glance around the room. Nothing is amiss, but there is a strange scent in the room. +

"This scent, it seems so familiar," Ava says quietly as we follow it, its path taking us through the house, all the way upstairs, into our bedroom, and even into Ava's painting room. +

How did someone get in here? We suspected a traitor in the pack, but this last week, Samuel and I had been through the files of every pack member, with no apparent suspects identified. +

"Oh my god. Braiden. I know this scent." Before I know what is happening, Ava runs through the house and back down the path. She is surprisingly fast. In my human form, I am just behind her. My anger rises when I realize where she is headed—the rehabilitation center. +

Was it someone we brought in? +

As we enter the rehabilitation center, the scent from our house can be identified. Faint and diluted amongst the others, but definitely here. Fuck, I should have recognized it, I scold myself.+

"There was a short, thin man with dirty brown hair. He was sitting in the corner of the room. Do you remember him?" Ava asks me as we run towards the A wing, my mind sifting through all the survivors brought in. I don't recall seeing a man with this description. 1

Samuel burst through doors on the opposite side of the corridor.+

"My King! You need to come to see this." Samuel waits for us on the other side before leading Ava and me out of the building and through the forest toward the edge of the Southern border. +

A group of guards are standing in a semi-circle, their expressions severe.+

As I approach them, the stench of blood is overwhelming.+

Ava gasps as they part.+

There on the floor is the man matching Ava's description. Blood dripped from his ears, nose, and lifeless brown eyes. Written in black on his chest are three little words that make my blood turn to ice.9

You're mine, Ava. +

Please don't forget to comment and vote!4

This body of work is available exclusively on Wattpad. If you're viewing it on a different website or under a different username, it has been illegally stolen, and you may be at risk of malware. Please do not support these sites, as writing a book takes long hours of hard work and effort. Head over to Wattpad and let me, the original author, know if you encounter this situation by finding me @greenwitchwrites.+

Ava+

You're mine, Ava.+

The words play on repeat in my mind as they have for the last week since finding the body by the Southern border.+

Though there was no tone to accompany those words, it resonated with me on another level. As if I had heard them spoken before. And in the same sinister tone conveyed by having them written on a dead body in the deceased's own blood.+

Braiden had lost control, shifting and growling before letting out a howl that would remain with me forever. My wolf had strutted proudly, understanding that howl at an intrinsic level I could not. Braiden then circled me protectively, his large black wolf body bristling, teeth bared, and his paws tapping the ground restlessly. 4

I know it is the mate bond, but at that moment, I felt safe. Especially under the circumstances and the clear message relayed. Someone else was in this picture, and they wanted me. The words were a threat—a warning. A premonition, I feared.1

"Stop, Ava. You're driving yourself mad. Braiden has tripled the security at the borders with round-the-clock patrols. No one will get in here." Nick's words are like a broken record. Stuck on one script. +

He was busy rifling through my closet, pulling out dresses, and throwing his choices on the bed while I milled around in my gown. +

When Braiden wasn't around, either he or Samuel was. When I went out to the rehabilitation center, I had five guards. Five. It seemed insane, but I could tell Braiden was just worried, so I let it slide. But it couldn't continue indefinitely. His men could be better used elsewhere than following me around.+

"Why are you pulling out such fancy clothes? Is this what is normally worn to a pack dinner?" I pick up the black dress that is lying on our bed. A bed that hasn't seen Braiden and me in it together since the body was found. Braiden was doubling his efforts to crack down on the head of The Underground, which meant he often returned late and then slept on the couch, or he didn't return at all. I knew he was around as we couldn't go far with the mate bond in place.+

"The whole pack knows you are coming with The King tonight. Even neighboring pack representatives will be here." These words ring alarm bells. +

"What? I thought this was a stock standard pack dinner." My heart is beating fast as panic rises.

"No. I told you yesterday. This is a formal royal event, Ava. Were you not listening to me?" Nick scolds as he holds up a bright yellow dress and a blue dress, his hand shaking each one as he prompts me to make a choice.+

"No," I say, with my hands on my hips as I look from the two dresses to Nick, my no applying to all of it. +

I was unprepared for tonight, and while that was mainly my fault for not paying attention to what Nick was saying, it seemed bizarre that The King and I should appear together tonight when we had barely seen each other for the last week.+

"Why didn't The King," I emphasize, dragging the words out, "ask me himself?"+

"I don't see why I should attend when he clearly doesn't even want me."13

A growl from the door to our room draws my attention, my hands falling to my side as I see Braiden standing in the doorway.1

"Out." +

Nick throws me an 'I told you so' look and disappears out of the room. +

Out. That one word is spoken ferociously. Low and with a warning in it. All it does is grate against an invisible button that makes my pussy clench. 9

Aside from all the bad dreams that had plagued me, which were only absent when he slept near me, there were the other dreams. The dreams of Braiden smacking my ass. Kissing me until I am delirious. His fingers all over my body. Inside me. These dreams kept me on the edge of fulfillment, and when I tried relieving myself, I couldn't—leaving me perpetually unsatisfied and horny. It was bordering on irrational.6

"Wow. So you have decided to grace me with your presence," I say, my hands back on my hips. The anger I feel is ludicrous, but other things fuel it.5

I miss Braiden when he is not around. So much. Not knowing if he feels the same is driving me crazy. Like I am being now. But surely, if he felt the same, he would be around me. Even just briefly. I've come to enjoy his presence —even the banter. And then there's our bed. The one I am sharing alone. It is too large without him in it. I keep to the edge of my side, unable to sleep properly as he is not there. He crept up on me and made himself part of my life, and just these few days of his absence made me realize just how much. 3

And it scares me. Because what if something happens? To him. To me. To us? I wouldn't recover. It makes me afraid.1

Now, here we are, in this awkward situation where I am unable to vocalize any of this and am instead being childish. +

"I'm not going with you tonight. You can find someone else. Someone whose company you enjoy. Clearly, mine is not missed by you." I spin on my heel, ready to retreat to the bathroom.19

I don't make it even one step when Braiden is on me, his arm circling my waist and his hand around my throat, his body flush against mine. The large erection pressing against my lower back sends desire flooding through my body, opening a tap to the pent-up sexual frustration that has been building over the week.2

"Can you feel how much I want you, Ava?" He grinds his hard-on against me, the size of it still astonishing me and prompting visions of me slowly lowering myself onto his length as it stretches me wide. It doesn't scare me. I crave it. The visuals pull a moan from my depths.3

"If you let me mark you, you could feel all the other ways I need you." His head dips to my neck as he nuzzles the spot just above my clavicle, the sparks from his touch on my neck zinging through my entire body until I feel like a live wire. Every cell is awake and oscillating. Buzzing faster and faster towards a release only Braiden can give me.+

I want him so much. In every way.+

"I want you so much that I have been afraid to be around you."+

His words shock me as if he has pulled them from my mind.+

"Afraid I would sink my teeth into your neck before you are ready. It has taken every restraint I have to not tear through the house every day, find you, mark you, and then fuck you until all that you see is me. All that you feel is me. Because that's how I feel about you, Ava. You consume me to a point beyond reason."3

A whine escapes me as Braiden's hand loosens the tie holding my gown closed, his hand parting the fabric before cupping a tit and squeezing my nipple, his words and that action making me buck against him.+

"Did you miss me, little minx?" I nod my head.+

"Tell me," he demands, his thumb and forefinger gently squeezing my throat while his other hand alternates between my breasts, lavishing them with the attention they crave. His mouth is close to my ear as he waits for me to answer, nipping my earlobe as he prompts me to speak.3

This body of work is available exclusively on Wattpad. If you're viewing it on a different website or under a different username, it has been illegally stolen, and you may be at risk of malware. Please do not support these sites, as writing a book takes long hours of hard work and effort. Head over to Wattpad and let me, the original author, know if you encounter this situation by finding me @greenwitchwrites.+

Braiden+

"Are you ready?" I look at Ava, her arm hooked through mine as we stand outside the pack hall. +

By the time I had showered, Ava was dressed, and her choice for tonight was surprising. An off-shoulder black dress, with her hair pulled into a high ponytail. It was unusual in that she never showed off her scars, usually choosing outfits or hairstyles that covered them. Tonight, she owned them. Accepted them.3

"You look absolutely beautiful." She smiles and tips her head to the side.+

"Perhaps your scars gave me courage. We need to speak about them, Braiden. About everything. I want to know you." +

"I will tell you everything you want to know. To you, I'm an open book. No secrets."3

She smiles brightly and then pecks me on the cheek, her heels giving her some height. +

"Okay. I'm ready." She takes a deep breath and I signal Samuel, who enters the hall, to announce our arrival. +

The excitement from the pack is overwhelming. As soon as we enter, excited faces stare back at us. Pack members bow and bare their necks as we make our way to the front of the hall.+

The King's chair, always in the front of the hall, now has a matching one next to it. +

"You don't need to sit in it yet. We can join Samuel and Nick at their table. No one will question it." +

Before she can answer, my parents appear before us, Selene trailing behind them. After the shit she pulled by using a forbidden move in the training session against Ava, she had been cast out to live on the outskirts of the pack, close to where my mother and father were living. If it were not for our years of history, she would have been banished from the pack permanently. Made rogue. 8

"My King." My mother addresses me formally. Her invitation to this event was only given at Samuel's suggestion. Hopeful we can patch things up. Perhaps by now, they would understand that Ava was here to stay. They must have extended the invitation to Selene. Not theirs to extend, but I didn't want to cause a scene at this point. I eye Selene, a warning in the glare I give her. If she doesn't behave, she will be out. For good. 5

"Mother. Father." My eyes drift from them over to Ava, my silent command to them to address her being conveyed.+

"What shall we call you?" Mother asks Ava, the dislike in her tone still clear. The question was rude, and I bristle, trying to calm myself down. While Ava did not strip them of their royal rights, they blame her nonetheless. My mother would have gotten what she wanted if she had not appeared. A docile queen by my side that she could control.+

"Ava is fine. Nice to meet you both." Ava gives them a warm smile, my father returning it with one of his own while my mother remains stoic. Looking at Ava like she is an ant that needs to be squashed. 1

"Perhaps we can all have a drink and a meal together?" I am surprised at the suggestion, considering it comes from my mother, who remains icy even as she suggests it.4

Ava looks at me quizzically before smiling once again, the hope in her eyes not missed. She wants them to accept her. I just don't know why they won't. By now, they know she is my mate, yet they still push against this match.+

"That would be wonderful." I nod to Samuel, who steps forward and leads my mother, father, and Selene to the table they used to sit at. Close to the front and reserved for pack royalty are wolves from higher up in the ranks and the neighboring pack's Alphas and Lunas. Seven couples joined us, along with a handful of their pack members, the room filled to capacity. 3

"I don't think I am ready," Ava whispers, eyeing the two chairs nervously while looking around the crowded room. I was disappointed but hide that feeling, hopeful that soon she will take her place by my side. +

"It's fine, we will sit with my parents."+

After the incident with Selene and my announcement that Ava was my mate, I had to address it with the pack. They deserved an explanation. I explained that Ava would need time to adjust to everything, briefly alluding to the fact that she had not been in a pack for some time. 3

My pack understood. With the rehabilitation center, they were exposed to many who were no longer part of packs. We all saw what it was like for them. How they needed time to integrate again. +

No one, besides my parents, bats an eyelid when we sit at their table, a sign that the room can relax and enjoy the evening. Pack members approach us, eager to meet Ava. She greets them warmly, the anxiety fading as one smiling face after another welcomes her. She was nervous they wouldn't like her. Who wouldn't? Besides my mother. Whose scowl was growing deeper and deeper, with every pack member indicating acceptance of Ava.12

By the time the main course has come and gone, Ava has relaxed and is happily chatting with Alpha Chase and Luna Olivia from the White Water pack—my favorite of the pack leaders currently sitting at the table. +

"So, Ava, which pack were you from originally?" Ava only slightly stiffens before answering Olivia's innocently asked question.+

"Bloodmoon Pack."+

"Oh. Oh my. You're that Ava. Alpha Alexanders' ex-mate." Olivia's quietly spoken words draw my mother's attention, who latches onto this information like a tic would a dog.5

"You were mated to Alpha Alexander?" My mother's question brings even more silence to the table as others start zeroing in on the conversation.+

"I was not mated to him. He rejected me, and I accepted. It was a mutual decision." +

"And why would someone reject their mate? Ordained by the moon goddess herself. It is a rare occurrence. Surely, it is not done for no reason." My mother's implication was clear, and her eyes meet mine briefly before returning to Ava. If Ava wasn't good enough for an Alpha, what made her worthy enough to be Queen? This was what my mother saw.9

She didn't see the abuse that Ava suffered at the hands of her pack and enabled, if not mirrored, by the behavior of Alpha Alexander toward her. All my mother saw was all the flaws, all the reasons not to accept Ava.+

"Mother," I warn, already regretting my invitation. Tables nearby have gone silent as they watch the scene unfolding.+

Ava places her hand on mine, squeezing it gently.+

"It's fine, Braiden," she says softly, calming me before leveling my mother with a gaze. +

"I suppose it was because I was needed here. Next to My King. Where I belong. As his Queen." Ava suddenly stands up, pointedly looking at my mother, while she grips my hand tightly.20

Her gaze meets mine, and then she says the words only I know the meaning of. +

"I'm ready, Braiden."19

My heart explodes, and pride wells inside me as Ava squares her shoulders and flips her ponytail.

As I stand up, I notice the entire room is now silent, all eyes on us.+

"What are you doing?" Mother asks me quietly, her face now bright red with alarm as she looks between the two of us. I smile and then bring Ava's hand to my lips, kissing her knuckles gently before we turn our backs on her. Side by side we walk the couple of steps to the front of the hall. 3

With a huge grin, I dip my head and tilt it to the side, gasps echoing around the room. This small sign of their King baring his neck to the only person he would ever submit to seals our fates. Ava turns around, my hand leaving hers only once she has taken a seat—a feeling I can only describe as peace settles over me as I sit beside her. Seconds later, the room erupts with applause. 22

Finally. The King of the werewolves has found his Queen. As I look over at Ava, emotions whirl around inside me. A prominent one linking all the others together. Love. I was falling in love with Ava. I just hoped she felt the same. 6

Please don't forget to comment and vote!1

This body of work is available exclusively on Wattpad. If you're viewing it on a different website or under a different username, it has been illegally stolen, and you may be at risk of malware. Please do not support these sites, as writing a book takes long hours of hard work and effort. Head over to Wattpad and let me, the original author, know if you encounter this situation by finding me @greenwitchwrites.+

Ava+

"Where are we going?" The walls are white, clinical. We pass lots of doors, each with numbers. Mine was room 313. It looks like a hospital. Except this hospital has men with guns everywhere.4

Another boy my age passes by, his scared brown eyes locking with mine as he is escorted in the opposite direction by a man in a white coat and two guards with guns.1

The bags under his eyes match mine. We never get enough sleep. But we are here to save the world, so we can't complain. They told us how important our blood is and how we can help the world by sharing its secrets. They say my blood is the most important. That's why they take so much. It makes me feel weak, but after, they give me ice cream. My favorite flavor is caramel. 10

The lady holding my hand smiles, telling me we will meet a nice man in a mask. The boss. He must hide his face in case bad men are looking for him. That is why I mustn't be afraid.+

She tells me he wants to meet me because I am unique. One of a kind. They have something special they want to try on me. It will help them understand how I can heal so quickly. +

Papa told me when he dropped me off at this hospital that I must stay here and do whatever these people tell me to do. That mama was sick and that if I stayed here, maybe the doctors could find something that could make her better. I hope they find something soon. I want to go home. It is cold here, and I feel alone. No one talks to me except Beastie, and only through the secret vent under my bed. It leads next door to his room. But he is sometimes gone for days.22

We take an elevator to the top floor, the doors opening to reveal a large carpeted room with lots of people. They are watching cameras and working on computers. Some of them are looking at a map on a long table, little yellow pins stuck into the map all over. It looks pretty.+

Lots of people stop and stare at me as I walk past. It makes me feel anxious and shy. +

When we reach an office on the other side of the room, the lady holding my hand knocks gently.+

The voice on the other side scares me. I don't want to go in. +

"I don't want to go in there," I say to the lady, taking a step back. She pulls on my hand, the look on her face changing to one of irritation. I know what happens when she gets irritated, but I can't help it. I would rather be locked up in the small, cold room without food than go through this door.+

I start crying as the footsteps on the other side become louder. +

"No, please! I don't want to!" People are looking at us now, and as I pull my hand free, I fall backward onto the floor, hurting my bottom.+

I turn around and crawl away, the door behind me opening with force.+

I don't get far before strong hands grab my ankles and yank me back painfully.+

"You're mine, Ava." 1

"Ava, calm down. It's not real. Shhhh." Dr. Lewis is hunched down next to me, her hands holding my shoulders firmly as I try to reorient myself. +

She moves back, giving me space to sit before handing me some tissues and a glass of water. I am crying.+

My gaze moves around the consultation room in the rehabilitation center. Two hours ago, I entered this room, skeptical we would make any progress in the first session. Now, here I sat, reeling from the memory of an event so clear I wonder how I couldn't remember it before. And it wasn't only the picture that was clear. It was the emotion. Like I was experiencing this for the first time. Utter fear and panic. +

"You did well, Ava. Usually, I only see this kind of result after the third session. I understand if you want to take a minute, but I find that if we go through everything as soon after coming out of the state as possible, you are more likely to remember. Are you fine with that?" +

We were doing this to find a way to remove the silver in my body. As painful as it was, I didn't want to go through that particular memory again just because I forgot something.+

"Better to pull off the band-aid now." Dr. Lewis gives me an encouraging smile before taking a seat in a chair across from me, notepad and pen ready to take any notes.+

"What age were you in this memory?" +

"Seven."+

"Do you know where you were?"+

"No. But the place was heavily guarded, and there were no windows. It was underground somewhere, I think." My mind goes back to the guards standing around. The uniform they wore was similar to an army uniform except for the symbol on the right pocket—a symbol I have seen before. +

"Can I use that?" I ask her, pointing to the pad in her hands. She hands me the pad and a pencil. I close my eyes, focusing on the symbol as I sketch it out—an upside-down triangle with three dots in the middle and a spiral lightly overlapping it.2

"I have seen this symbol before," I say to Dr. Lewis as I hand her the page. +

"The Underground. It is the same symbol I saw painted by Adam, who was in the rehabilitation center. It is hanging on the wall there." Dr. Lewis looks at the symbol thoughtfully.+

"The man with the mask. The one on the other side of the door. Did you get a look at him?"+

In this memory, no, but something floats in my mind, another memory that I cannot hold onto. 8

"No. Not this time. But it feels like I have seen him before. I just can't remember." Dr. Lewis smiles at me reassuringly.+

"Don't worry, Ava. We will get to the bottom of this. This was only the first session. We will have another one tomorrow and see what else comes up. Why don't we call it a day? You should get some rest. The King has been asking about you non-stop." She taps her head when I look at her quizzically. Ah yes. The mind-link. +

It had been a week since I took the seat as Queen. At the time, his mother had been chiefly to blame for that incident. But placing it all on her would be naïve and foolish. I wanted to stand next to Braiden. He had been patiently waiting for me to accept the role. I saw the disappointment earlier in the evening when I said I didn't think I could do it, even though he tried hiding it. Then his mother started talking nonsense, and I began thinking. Would I ever be ready? No. So, what was the point of hesitating? +

What I didn't realize was that by claiming my seat, events were set into motion. +

One, the official ceremony where I would receive a crown and be 'anointed' as Queen. In a week from tomorrow. Then there was the mate ceremony that would take place the night before—the spot on my neck tingling at the thought. Braiden and I would mark each other. Officially making me his. 3

We would feel everything the other felt. Hear everything the other said. And that scared me. But you could learn to close the connection. Most wolves mastered this by the time they turned ten. I just hoped I would be able to master this quickly. I fear a ten-year-old's thoughts and a twenty-seven-year-old's are vastly different. Especially when it comes to Braiden. Whenever I look at him, something filthy pops into my mind.1

Like now, as his large frame stands in the doorway.+

"Speak of the devil. I should go. I will see you tomorrow at nine, Ava." Dr. Lewis smiles before leaving, the door clicking shut behind her. +

"Are you okay?" Braiden reaches me and then drops to his haunches, grasping my hand while his thumb grazes my cheeks. He can tell I have been crying. +

"I remembered something. From when I was seven. I was held somewhere. In a place that looked like a hospital." Braiden's expression remains unchanged, as if he expected me to say something like this. +

"I was in room 313. It was The Underground. I'm sure of it. The guards wore uniforms with a symbol on the right pocket." Before I can carry on and describe it, Braiden does.+

"An upside-down triangle with three dots in the middle and a spiral." I nod slowly, the way Braiden explains this and the far-away look in his eyes telling me that he is pulling this description from a memory. Unease starts to settle in the pit of my stomach as I remember the scars on his body. Could he have been captured by The Underground? I suspected this, but we haven't had a chance to speak about it. 4

"Braiden?" His eyes refocus, and then he is back with me. +

"There is something you need to know."+

"What? What is it?" My stomach tightens anxiously.+

"I was captured by The Underground. When I was fourteen years old." Wait. That means that he was captured when I was. A memory flits around, not taking form. Like a whisper. 5

"I was in room 311, Ava." And just like that, the memory solidifies into a skinny boy with grey eyes being dragged down the corridor by two guards.+

"Oh my god. You...you're..." The word comes out in a whisper.2

"Beastie." 53

Please don't forget to comment and vote!3

This body of work is available exclusively on Wattpad. If you're viewing it on a different website or under a different username, it has been illegally stolen, and you may be at risk of malware. Please do not support these sites, as writing a book takes long hours of hard work and effort. Head over to Wattpad and let me, the original author, know if you encounter this situation by finding me @greenwitchwrites.+

Braiden+

I never knew her name. She was called 313, and I was called 311. They never called us by our names. We called each other Beauty and the Beastie when we spoke through the vent, joining our cells. Never Ava and Braiden. This was after I told her that story one night when she was brought back to her cell crying. 15

"What happened to them?" the little girl asks me, the hiccup preceding her question alluding to the fact that just a while ago, she had been sobbing.+

"Love. Love broke the curse, and the Beast became a prince. They lived happily ever after." +

"A prince like you!" the little girl whispers excitedly, remembering how I told her that I was a prince and that my family would come looking for us. They would find us soon. But we had to keep it a secret.+

"I will call you Beastie," she says, the smile on her face heard in the tone of her voice even though I couldn't see her.+

"And I will call you Beauty," I say as she giggles quietly.7

Now, it seems strange that neither of us prompted the other for a name. It would have made things so much clearer. 1

We never spoke face to face and only ever saw each other once. When guards dragged us in opposite directions from our rooms after alarm bells sounded. It was the same day I was rescued. +

As the son of the werewolf royal family, my rescue was prioritized, and I was amongst the lucky few who were freed. But it appears not everyone was so fortunate. When I asked the royal guards if they found anyone matching Beautie's description, they told me none of those wolves saved matched the little girl described. This means Ava must have been moved to another Underground location. She must have been held captive for another year as she was only given to The Bloodmoon Pack when she was eight. She went from one terrible situation to another when she was given to Patrick and Gloria Smith.+

With Alpha Alexander's father, Alpha Maddox, dead and Alpha Alexander not privy to the details, we had to follow another route. Who were Ava's parents? They knew who the Underground was.+

"Braiden?" Ava's voice pulls me from my thoughts as she stands in the doorway of my office at our house. +

After the revelation that we had met before, Ava could not remember beyond the recollection of the name she called me back then and my face. +

Sometimes, I think not being able to remember is a blessing. While Ava did not remember me, she had plagued me for years. Her tear-streaked face as she was dragged away was the star of many of my nightmares. And the fuel behind my desire to shut down these organizations.1

She has had a shower and looks somewhat refreshed, though the tension in her shoulders remains—residual effects from her session with Dr. Lewis this morning. +

"You ready?" She quirks her head to the side as she leans against the door frame, her beautiful green eyes dragging across my features, assessing me as I am her.+

"I'm always ready for you." She rolls her eyes at these words, but the corners of her mouth twitch with a suppressed smile.+

"I see you are starting a new tally," I say to her as I rise from my chair, moving around the table to leisurely approach her.1

"What do you mean?" She blushes, telling me she knows exactly what I mean. +

"You recall what happens when you roll your eyes at me." My voice is low, holding a warning, just the way she likes it.+

When I reach her, I dip my head into her neck and pull her against me, her body molding to mine.+

"We need to go. The pack is waiting for us." There is no conviction in her voice as she says the words, and definitely not when she meets my kiss head-on, the force leaving us breathless as we pull apart.+

"Let's ditch the pack dinner and stay here. I could have you for dinner." Ava blushes and then swats my arm as she pulls away, grabbing my hand and leading us towards the front door.+

"We can't. The survivors will be there, and I need to be more involved with the pack. If I have any hope of them accepting me." I halt, pulling on her hand so that she stops.1

"Ava. They already do accept you. You have nothing to prove." She turns around slowly to face me. +

"If you could just feel how they feel, you would know. You will know. In a week. When I mark you." The thought stirs my wolf, this primal act at the back of our mind since meeting our mate.1

"Braiden. Just because I am your mate and, by default, The Queen, doesn't mean they accept me. I have to earn it. I have to be worthy of the responsibility that comes with the title. Else, they won't respect me." +

"It doesn't work like that in a pack, Ava. That thinking is human thinking. Not werewolf. There is a pack hierarchy for a reason, and the pack thrives under the hierarchy. So, having their Queen finally in place brings harmony to the pack. They respect you already. It doesn't need to be earned. To them, you are already family. It is only you who thinks otherwise."+

She regards me for a long time, her mind playing with my words, trying to figure out whether she believes it. +

Soon, I would know what she was thinking and feeling, and I couldn't wait. +

"Let's go. The pack wants to see their beloved King and Queen." I take her hand and lead her out through the front door.+

"Your parents will be there. Your mother called me earlier and apologized for what happened at the last pack dinner. I said it's fine. She asked if they could join us tonight." Ava's heart knew no limits. I was so sick of their behavior that they were lucky they weren't permanently banished. 4

"You see. You are already more compassionate and forgiving than I will ever be. The perfect match." I squeeze her hand, and she smiles.+

"You give me too much credit. I just don't want to come between your parents and you. That's all. I wish I had parents. You still have yours. It's a blessing often missed until it is too late." 9

My heart clenches at the emotion in her voice and the sadness on her face. I never thought about it that way. My parents are not perfect, but I like to think they did everything from a place of love, as misguided as it sometimes was.+

We can hear the excited chatter from inside when we reach the pack hall. This would be their Queen's second pack dinner, and they wanted to get to know her. As much as I knew Ava wanted to get to know them.+

As usual, she stiffens slightly at the door before composing herself and straightening her shoulders. She was made to be Queen as much as she disputed the fact. It was natural and ingrained.+

As we walk in, the room grows quiet, the pack showing their usual form of respect as they dip their heads and bare their necks.+

We don't take out seats on the thrones but instead, join Samuel and Nick at the main table. Along with my parents. My dad at least looks at me sheepishly while my mom seems unfazed, acting like it is still her right to sit at this table. For a change, Selene is nowhere to be seen.4

 Sensing the tension radiating from me toward my mother, Ava sits beside her while I sit beside Samuel. 1

With a dip of my head, the room relaxes, and chatter erupts.+

"Son. Good to see you." My dad is not a man of many words, so this initiation from his side is surprising. And his use of such an affectionate term. Usually, he addressed me formally. As did I him when he ruled.1

"Father." I greet, dipping my head in acknowledgment.+

"I see you are late." Mother looks over at me sternly, her clipped tone already rubbing me the wrong way.2

"I am the King. I am never late," I say to her succinctly, a warning in my glare.14

That is the last words my mother and I say to each other for the rest of the evening. Which suits me just fine.+

"Shall we make our rounds? I want to see how the survivors are settling in?" Ava asks me quietly, an uncertain expression on her face. She was uneasy about walking around the hall, but with Ava, bravery always outweighed the unease.+

"Of course, my Queen." She tilts her head to the side, her eyes pulling into slants.+

"I can't spank your ass, so I will have to think of some other way to punish you if you keep calling me that." Touche. I laugh, that sound drawing more than one curious gaze. Even my mother looks flabbergasted.13

An hour and a half later, we have made our way around the entire room, spending time at all the tables for a few minutes. Ava might consider herself an introvert, but she is a natural when it comes to making people feel at ease. She is genuinely interested in what they have to say, which endears her to those she is listening to.+

"I'm parched," Ava says with a beaming smile as we return to the table, taking a large sip from the bottle of water close to her glass. 7

"I'm not surprised. We have walked the entire hall from top to bottom."+

Seeing her like this, so happy, with me and our pack. It is like a dream. +

"So, how was it?" Nick asks, peering across at Ava from his spot beside Samuel. +

When I look over at Ava, she is pale, her eyes wide and panic-filled.6

"Ava? What's wrong?" I get up, pulling her chair to face me as I hunch down in front of her. Samuel and Nick flank me as we watch in horror. Ava's mouth is opening and closing, and then her hands suddenly start clawing at her chest. 14

"Get the doctor. Now!" I shout, the whole room immediately going quiet.+

"Ava. What is it?" I grab her hands, the fear in her eyes amplified as tears stream down her face.+

And then her eyes roll back in her head, and she tips to the side, my arms catching her before she falls off the chair. +

Seconds later, she is convulsing, white foam bubbling from her mouth. 6

God no. My heart clenches with fear as I try to keep her still, my shouts for the doctor echoing around the room. If something happens to her, I don't know how I will survive. I won't survive. I will break into a thousand pieces that cannot be put back together. +

Without Ava, I am nothing.13

Please don't forget to comment and vote!+

If you would like to support me, you can find me on Patreon here, where I am 8 or 9 chapters ahead with this story.+

https://www.patreon.com/greenwitchwrites (Search for me in Google if you can't find me as my stuff is rated 18+ and you won't find me searching in Patreon)+

If you would just like to support me once off you can buy me a coffee here https://www.buymeacoffee.com/greenwitchwrite+

All donations and Patreon subscriptions go towards publishing fees for my book, Scorching Sienna, which I am busy writing and hope to release on Kindle early this year.+

The dream is to write full time :) Thank you for being here and being the inspiration behind that dream.+

This body of work is available exclusively on Wattpad. If you're viewing it on a different website or under a different username, it has been illegally stolen, and you may be at risk of malware. Please do not support these sites, as writing a book takes long hours of hard work and effort. Head over to Wattpad and let me, the original author, know if you encounter this situation by finding me @greenwitchwrites.+

Ava+

My eyes are not working. My body is not working. What is happening?3

The last I remember was being at the pack dinner with Braiden. And I was actually having a good time.+

A murmuring reaches me from a long distance away, muffled like I am underwater.+

Concentrate, Ava.+

"Why isn't she awake yet? You said three days. It's been five." Braiden. And he is frustrated, the edge in his voice evident even while still slightly muffled.+

"It was an estimation. We have never had a wolf survive this amount of wolfsbane, along with all the other things in the concoction. She has been injected with the worst viruses known to man. Viruses that have not been tested on our kind. We don't know how she will react. It's like someone was testing our species' resistance to the viruses that kill humans the most, all in one go. If she survives, she will have immunity to them all. Making her very valuable to the humans." I think it is Dr. Adams, but I haven't heard his voice enough to be sure.9

"Fuck!" Braiden roars out, followed by items clattering to the floor.+

"My King, you must calm down. Losing control will not help Ava." Samuel. If he is here, then Nick must be, too.+

"Look, her eyes are fluttering," Nick whispers, his voice louder than the rest. He must be nearby.+

"Ava?" Tingles. I can feel tingles. On my face.+

I try to open my eyes again, but they are so heavy. Dammit.+

Also, where is my wolf? I can't feel her.6

"Ava, it's time to come back to me. I need you." Braiden. He sounds so broken. It tugs at my heartstrings.2

I can do this. Come on, Ava. My wolf stirs weakly in the recesses of my mind, giving me the little energy she has.+

Slowly, my eyes peel open, the light so bright.+

"Hit the lights," Braiden says loudly, his scent overwhelming me as my senses return.+

The room dims, making it easier for me to focus.+

I open my mouth to talk, but it feels desert dry like I have been sucking on cotton wool.+

"Here. This will help." Nick is wearing a mask and has gloves on his hands. Samuel is similarly protected. It must be bad. Wolves have an unusually high immune system.+

He brings an ice cube to my lips, the moisture hitting my tongue the most fantastic thing I have ever tasted. Ever. Who would have thought water would be this good.+

My eyes meet with Braiden's, his usually grey eyes pitch black. He is not wearing any protection. No gloves, no mask. Revealing lips set in a firm line.+

"They have remained like that since your episode in the hall," Nick says, pointing at Braiden.1

"Leave. I need a minute." Braiden's tone leaves little room for argument.+

"And get Dr. Adams back here."+

Nick squeezes my hand and then leaves with Samuel.+

"Ava. I'm glad you are back. I've been so worried." Braiden sits on the edge of my hospital bed, holding my hand up to kiss the knuckles. There is a drip in the top of my hand and another in my other arm.+

I am definitely in a hospital, though it must be a private room as it is enormous, and my bed is the only one here. It is also filled with flowers, balloons, chocolates, and cards, lining the window sill and side table. Children have made some, the writing I glimpse indicating as much.+

Braiden must follow my eyes, as he explains.+

"The pack. They have been very worried about you. They have been sending gifts non-stop. The hospital eventually said they cannot accept any more on your behalf." Wow, tears well in my eyes. They cared enough to send me all of this?+

"Even if you can't see it, they love you, Ava." Braiden waits for my eyes to circle the room and meet with his.+

"I love you, Ava. I am in love with you. So much that I cannot properly vocalize it. You are under my skin, in every cell, embedded in my heart. I should have told you sooner. When I thought you might not wake up...well, I know this isn't ideal, but I want you to know. I don't expect anything more than for you to know how I feel."11

A tear escapes my eyelid, trailing down my cheek. Captured by a large thumb before it can go anywhere else. +

I nod and then take a deep breath. Did I feel the same? I needed time to figure it out. But did I have time? The doctor's words from earlier come back to me. On top of the toxicity from the silver, this is the last thing my body needs. Has this shortened my life span?+

"What happened, Braiden?" My voice doesn't sound like my own. It is hoarse and scratchy.+

"You were poisoned and infected. The bottle of water." My mind goes back to that moment, but the water tasted fine. It dawns on me.13

"That means it was someone in the pack." I voice out loud. Who would want me dead? +

"I have my suspicions, but the camera footage isn't telling us anything. It arrived with our regular supply delivery, and only your bottle was contaminated, so it must have been someone on the inside."+

"Who do you think did this?" The only people who have openly shown their hostility towards me are his mother and Selene. Surely they wouldn't go to these lengths?+

"It's probably the same people popping into your head—my mother and Selene. I wish I could say I don't think my mother would do something like this, but I can after her behavior the last couple of weeks. And Selene has already openly snubbed you, so she seems like an obvious suspect."3

"But we don't know for sure. Don't ruin your relationship with your mother on a whim."6

Before he can respond, Dr. Adams interrupts by walking into the room, followed by Nick and Samuel.+

"My Queen, it is good to see you awake. Don't let the masks and gloves alarm you. It is precautionary only. How are you feeling?" Dr. Adams asks me while assessing the numbers on the machine I am hooked up to, jotting them down on his clipboard.+

"Weak." That about sums up how I feel. Aside from that, nothing else seems to be the problem. I don't even have a headache.+

"I heard you speaking before I woke up. It was wolfsbane and some human viruses? Am I going to be okay?" +

"Well, that is just what I wanted to discuss. We got your latest test results back, and it's good news, considering. Your body seems to have neutralized all the viruses. You will have to stay in quarantine for the next week just to be sure, but you seem to be over the worst. It's truly remarkable. I have never seen anything like this. You should be dead by all accounts, but your body, even as a wolf, is stronger than any I have seen. Aside from My King," he quickly says, baring his neck to Braiden while I stifle a giggle. 11

Braiden just eyes him before looking back at me. If it weren't for the fact that I was a white wolf, I would be dead long ago. The doctor's words sink in, and I gasp out, remembering what was supposed to be just days away.+

"The mate and crowning ceremony. It's in a couple of days." My eyes fly around the room before landing back on Braiden's. Everyone looks uncomfortable, while Braiden looks...hurt. Sad? 1

But it isn't him who speaks. It is Dr. Adams. And what he says has my eyes matching Braiden's.+

"I'm sorry, My Queen. But for the foreseeable future, you and The King cannot complete the mating process. It is too dangerous. Your blood contains too many...contaminants. We cannot risk The King becoming infected. I'm very sorry." 30

His words lodge into my heart heavier than I thought they would. I didn't want to be Queen. I didn't want a mate. But that was before. Before, I knew what it was like to have someone care for me. Love me. And now it was all I wanted. And it was ripped away. Once again, out of my control. Tears I cannot hold back stream down my face as Braiden pulls me towards him. What did this mean for us? Where did this leave us?+

Please don't forget to comment and vote!5

This body of work is available exclusively on Wattpad. If you're viewing it on a different website or under a different username, it has been illegally stolen, and you may be at risk of malware. Please do not support these sites, as writing a book takes long hours of hard work and effort. Head over to Wattpad and let me, the original author, know if you encounter this situation by finding me @greenwitchwrites.+

Braiden+

It is the last day in quarantine. For both of us. With the mate bond forcing proximity, I spent most of my time with her in the hospital. Not that I was complaining.+

It was great. With nothing else to do, Ava and I spent our time talking and reading books, or she would draw. Often me. Having me pose in different positions for hours while she sketched me. I pretended I hated it, but I didn't. Watching her while she did something she clearly enjoyed so much was as enjoyable for me. The little frown she would get when something didn't look quite right. The slight blush that would suffuse her cheeks when she was drawing my lips. Everything about her was perfection.+

"I just need one more minute, and then I am done," she says, erasing something on her current drawing before sketching it again. +

"There. Perfect!" Her joy is contagious. Even the hospital staff loved her. +

Not me, though. They are still scared of me because of the days Ava was not awake. I was an animal. Literally, as well. My eyes only returned to grey a day after Ava woke up. 1

I get up from the chair and circle her to glimpse her latest drawing. Another one of me to add to the collection already piled up on the table beside her.+

"Don't you get tired of drawing me?" I ask, circling her waist and pulling her toward me.+

"As tired as you get of holding me." Touche. +

With us this close for five days, I have barely been able to keep my hands off her. And my dick has been constantly hard. But beyond touching, we have been banned from doing anything else. At least at the hospital. And even if Dr. Adams clears her to leave today, I cannot mark her. Which means we cannot mate. If we tried mating, I had no doubt my wolf would be unable to hold back.6

Fuck. I hated this. All my attempts to track down who had poisoned her were a dead end, though my mother and Selene were still under suspicion and were being closely watched. I could not even compel them to tell me the truth as that would raise alarm bells and scare off whoever put them up to this. They were not the only ones involved. Someone else was pulling the strings, the same person who had written 'You're mine, Ava' on the dead body we found. My suspicion was the Underground and the person going by the name 'The Butcher.'1

"My King, my Queen, I am sorry to interrupt," Dr. Adams says, not looking sorry at all. 4

"The good news is that you have the all clear. But you will need to see me weekly for a checkup." Ava smiles and jumps up, placing her drawings with the others before gently slipping them into her folder. +

"Let's go then. Dr. Adams, thank you for everything." Ava grabs an already packed bag with her belongings and the get-well cards, slings her drawing bag over her shoulder, and grabs my hand. So quickly, I don't get a chance to say anything to Dr. Adams. +

"My King, remember what I said about marking My Queen, and don't forget to come see me next week!" Dr. Adams shouts as I am dragged from the room. I grab the bag from Ava, who smiles and speedwalks out of the hospital. 9

"Oh my god. Fresh air. And sunshine. And flowers. Damn, aren't you happy we can leave?" Ava has her hands out, palms up, and facing the sun. Her eyes close as she soaks it in and then smiles. Fuck she is so pretty.+

Samuel, on cue, pulls up in front of us with Nick in the passenger seat. +

"My King, My Queen, your chariot awaits," Nick says, climbing out and opening the back door for us.12

Two black SUVs idle nearby. The royal guards. Needed, as we are not on pack land. When Ava was poisoned, Dr. Adams suggested moving Ava from the small hospital in the pack to one in the closest town a couple of miles outside the pack borders. One with better technology, considering the severity of Ava's symptoms initially. He was also concerned about containing the viruses. 3

While the last couple of days had been a great distraction, leaving the hospital reminds me of the very real danger Ava is in. I would need to double my efforts to determine who was behind this.+

"Are you okay, Braiden?" Ava asks after we have been on the road for some time, the gentle squeeze of my arm drawing my gaze to her. +

"I'm fine. It's you who needs to take it easy." I smile, trying to reassure her, but she knows me too well already.+

"We will find whoever did this, Braiden. I'm certain. I have a session with Dr. Lewis tomorrow, and I'm sure, as is she, that we will make some progress."+

I wish I had Ava's confidence, but we were always one step behind. We would remain on the backfoot if we didn't find the person or people helping the Underground from the inside. With Ava the clear target, I couldn't be in that position for long. +

"Oh my word. What is this?" Ava exclaims as we pull up in front of the pack house. +

The pack members have gathered outside, balloons everywhere, and a welcome back banner hangs above the door of the pack house.2

Ava's face is priceless. Shock. Awe. And then tears when she realizes that this is all for her. +

Samuel opens her door, and when she climbs out, she is bombarded with pack members welcoming their Queen back. All bow while Ava urges them not to as they hand her flowers and gifts.2

She is so overwhelmed by their concern and adoration that when her eyes search for mine through the crowd, tears shimmer in their depths. +

"Okay, everyone. I think My Queen needs some rest," I say loudly when I see Ava becoming tired. While she says that she is fine and the doctor has cleared her, I know it has taken its toll on her. The black marks under her eyes have not gone away. The paler-than-usual complexion has not entirely returned to normal. Her body was fighting harder than ever against the silver due to her recent infection.1

Necks bare, and a path clears as I approach Ava, her grateful smile confirming my concerns.+

"Thank you for all the flowers and gifts. It really means so much to me," Ava says to the pack, the emotional tremble in her voice only apparent to me. The pack members bid her goodbye before they disperse. A content feeling spread through the pack at our arrival, settling the restless feeling that had permeated the bond with our absence.+

Ava stays rooted to the spot. She was never accepted in her pack. For her, this was a big deal.

"I told you they love you. When we are mated, you will feel just how much." I wrap my arms around her, pulling her tight against my chest. Her eyes meet mine, a sadness in them even though she slightly smiles. +

"Come. You need some rest." I take Ava's hand as we walk back to our home. Nick, Samuel, and some of the royal guards have already deposited our bags and the gifts at home by the time we arrive. While everyone else has gone, Samuel stands at the door with a folder in his hands, his face telling me he has news.3

"Why don't you go upstairs and shower while I wrap up some pack business? I won't be long," I say to Ava, keeping the concern from my voice. She eyes me suspiciously but then turns on her heel and heads upstairs, the shower heard moments later.+

"The surveillance team tailing Sir Ravensborough sent an urgent report moments ago." I am as surprised as Samuel. While I suspected he was involved with the Underground, the team trailing him since the event had come back with nothing. He went about his business and then went home, nothing remotely suspicious occurring. I had begun to wonder if my instincts were wrong.2

"They followed him this morning. A detour from his usual route. He met with a man in a dingy bar off Route 19. Not a place someone of his status usually frequents. They then swapped cars, which was problematic as we had a tracker on his. He lost our tail a couple of miles outside of Blakley."+

"Blakely?" I repeat, the name ringing a bell. "Why does that name sound familiar?" +

"It would sound familiar, My King." Samuel hands me a file. The first picture, after I flip it open, takes me back to when I was fourteen—a time I wish never to relive. +

There, in all its glory, stands the building I was rescued from. The building where Ava and I were held captive, along with countless other wolves. Where we were tortured and abused.+

Too caught up in my memories, I don't even register Ava coming down the stairs.+

Samuel clears his throat, and I close the file just as Ava reaches us. +

"What?" Ava looks between Samuel and me before her eyes land on the folder in my hands. +

"What is it? What's in the folder?" After everything she has been through, would seeing this do her any good? Especially now when she was not at full strength. But wasn't it the same as what we were trying to achieve with hypnosis?+

"Thank you, Samuel. We will chat in the morning." Samuel dips his head at my dismissal and then leaves, the soft click of the front door echoing in the silence.+

"We have been tracking Sir Ravensborough. We lost him today. Close to a place called Blakley." I watch her face, trying to see if any of what I am saying registers or jogs any memories.+

"Blakley? I'm not sure where that is?" Ava says, shaking her head in confusion.+

I hand her the file, her eyes moving from me to it as I continue talking. +

"It was close to one of the Underground locations raided years ago..." she flips open the file, gasping when she sees the picture of the unassuming grey building. +

"I know this place..." she whispers, her finger touching the picture gingerly as she traces the edge of the building. +

 "It was where we were met. Beauty and Beastie." I say this rather than saying this was where we were brutally abused and tested on like lab rats.+

"Beauty and Beastie." She repeats quietly, reverently.+

After a few moments, her shoulders straighten, and she flips the file closed. +

"I want to go there. Tomorrow."14

Please don't forget to comment and vote!+

This body of work is available exclusively on Wattpad. If you're viewing it on a different website or under a different username, it has been illegally stolen, and you may be at risk of malware. Please do not support these sites, as writing a book takes long hours of hard work and effort. Head over to Wattpad and let me, the original author, know if you encounter this situation by finding me @greenwitchwrites.+

Ava+

Flashbacks of me at age seven, standing nearly in the same spot I am in now, assault me—the Underground facility in Blakley.+

"I don't want to go papa. Please." Tears stream down my chubby cheeks as I grasp the hand holding mine tightly. When I look up, I see no sorrow or sadness on Papa's face but anger and hatred. 2

"You must. I have already made the deal. And you want Mama to get better?" 3

My only resemblance to my father is that I have brown hair. Besides that, the sharp nose, pursed lips, and sunken eye sockets holding chocolate brown eyes, are a strangers. He is skinny and medium height, with nothing unique physically to set him apart from anyone else. If this memory wasn't now fresh in my mind, I might have walked past him a thousand times, and I would not have known.1

I try to remember what is wrong with my mother and even what she looks like, but I cannot. +

"Ava, are you okay?" Braiden is standing close to me, the haunted expression in his eyes telling me that he, too, is as impacted by this as I am. +

"Are you okay?" I ask him, which makes him smile.+

"Come. I am told the place has been vacant since the raid all those years ago. Our guards will be nearby, so there is nothing to worry about." Braiden gently grasps my hand as we walk the short distance to the front door. +

The matt windows are cracked and broken entirely in places. It makes me happy. This building must be in ruins. Just like the many it left in its wake. +

I stifle the urge to kick the door as I enter. And a thought of me torching this place also flits around in my mind. My wolf is anxious, the hairs on my neck standing up in response. +

"Mine, too, does not like this place." Braiden gestures to my eyes, probably white, as his are pitch black. +

I allow Briaden to lead the way, with no other memories making themselves known at this point. +

The bottom floor consists entirely of what would have been a reception area. Probably for humans as there are some chairs and tables as you would find in any business facility. +

With the elevator broken, we use the stairs, taking us to the second floor. +

This floor consists of several rooms, some padded and some not, usually with a table and two chairs. There was broken machinery on trolleys either in the rooms or littering the hallway.+

"This floor was used for psychological testing and shock therapy." Braiden's tone is quiet. Angry. +

He opens the door to a large room, letting me enter first. +

This room has a metal bed with straps at the foot and arm areas. At a glance, you can tell what happened here. The machine next to the bed had little patches attached to the subject's head and a voltage meter indicating the current being administered.+

Braiden's finger drags along the dirty bed as he circles it.+

"They told us this is where we come if we are bad. But that was a lie. A threat to keep us in line. They would send us here for anything. If you gave someone else some of your food. If you chewed with your mouth open. If you looked at someone in a way they didn't like. It was all an excuse. We would have come here no matter what we did. They just used it as a tool to control. They knew they wouldn't stand a chance if all the wolves in this facility fought back."+

My heart breaks thinking of fourteen-year-old Braiden strapped to this bed, tortured for just existing. A tear slips from my lid, and I swipe it away, not wanting to think I pity him. +

He doesn't see, too wrapped up in the horror movie that is his memories. +

I was not brought here. I can feel it. If I had been, I'm sure physically being here would have brought that memory to the surface. +

Why though? Why was I not subjected to this like so many others? Probably for the same reason, silver was implanted in my body, and copious amounts of blood were taken. Because I was different. +

But Braiden was different—a prince at the time, of royal blood, an alpha, and a black wolf. +

"Braiden, did they know who you were when you were brought here?"+

Briaden straightens up, my question finally drawing him from his thoughts.+

"No. The day I was taken, I had slipped away from the guards. It wasn't the first time. But it was the last time." Braiden's expression is bleak as he talks.+

"My best friend Warren and I were always getting into trouble when we were younger. As mother would say, he was the son of one of the 'lower level' pack members. She hated that we were friends and kept trying to keep us apart. This meant I kept finding ways to give my guards the slip so we could hang out. I didn't have many friends back then," Braiden says, smiling. +

"Not much has changed then," I joke as we make our way out of the torture room and down the corridor.+

"That last day when I gave my guards the slip, I was at the mall. Warren and I agreed that we would meet outside the mall and make our way to the nearby arcade and then to the movies. I had never been to either one before." A stark reminder that while some children were being children, Braiden was being groomed as King. +

"I made it outside, but when I got to the spot where Warren was supposed to be meeting me behind the mall, he wasn't there. But three armed men in a white van were. I put up a fight, but they drugged me with wolfsbane and then chained me in the back of the van." +

"It didn't appear that they knew I was royalty. I was treated the same as everyone else. Everyone else except you. We all heard about you. The wolf who got 'special treatment.'"+

I snort at his words, thinking how special my treatment was that I was now dying from the silver in my body. The silver The Underground put in a seven-year-old wolf girl's body as some sick experiment. +

"I know. We only saw what we didn't see. No one knows how bad it really was for you." Braiden's tone is sympathetic, but I don't hold a grudge towards the others and their thoughts about me. We were children. We didn't know better. This was no one's fault but The Underground.+

Braiden and I stick close together, neither saying anything as we finish exploring the second floor. I can see this is impacting Braiden more than me, and by the time we are in the stairwell and making our way to the third floor, Braiden is visibly impacted, his claws on his hand elongating defensively. +

I put my hand on his arm, stopping as we stand in front of the door to the third floor. +

"If this is too much, we can stop. There is no pressure to continue." Braiden retracts his claws, his hand gently cupping my face.+

"I'm fine. This is hard, but if we can find anything that opens up leads to tracking down The Butcher and finding a way to remove the silver in your body safely, then I'm good. I can handle it. But..." his thumb grazes my cheek, and then he drops his hand, taking mine instead.+

"This floor is where we stayed while we were here. This is where you and I started talking to each other. I'm more worried about the impact this might have on you."+

Braiden's concern makes me smile as I raise myself on the tips of my toes and kiss him. Long and hard before pulling back. +

"We'll be fine. I've dealt with worse. These are only memories." He kisses my forehead and then nods before pushing the door open. +

As we step into the corridor, I see rooms about three meters apart on each side, with solid metal doors and little caged windows in the center. My legs are on autopilot as I walk down the corridor, some of the doors open and some closed. There is not much in them. Cots, with lumpy, discolored mattresses, buckets which I imagine was for relieving oneself, and then some torn clothing strewn here and there. When I peered into some there were drawings on the wall, some in red, some scratched in with a sharp object. Probably claws. +

Some kids were marking off the number of days while others were writing pleading notes into the stone, calls going unanswered for so many.+

The memory that surfaced in the hypnotherapy session with Dr. Adams surfaces, and I can only imagine it is because we are nearing our cells. Braiden's comes up first, the number 311 sprayed onto the door in now faded white paint. +

He stops in front of it and then with a deep breath, pushes the door fully open. It creaks and scratches against the floor, echoing down the empty corridor. Empty except for the royal guards waiting patiently nearby. Even they can feel the torture that was happening here, their faces filled with unease and disgust.+

I leave Braiden to explore his room, taking the couple of steps to my room next to his. 313. Flashes of memories assault me. Me banging on the door and screaming for my papa. Me sobbing on the floor calling for mama.+

The door is open, and so I step in and am immediately that small, scared girl again, curled up under my bed instead of on top of it. Because I am afraid. And so alone. A sob racks my body, and then I hear it. A boy's voice. +

"Shhh, don't cry. I'm here." My sob turns into a hiccup, his voice making the tears slightly abate. +

"See. I'm here. It's going to be okay. My parents are looking for me."+

Thinking about how my papa dropped me off here willingly, brings new tears to the surface.+

"My papa knows I am here. He says it is to help mama. But I don't think I'm strong enough." I choke the words out, feeling like I have failed the important task my papa has given me.1

"He must not know what they are doing to you, else he would come back for you." The boy tried to reassure me, and I wanted to believe him, but the look on Papa's face when he brought me here made me feel weird. Like he knew.+

"My papa is a King, but you mustn't tell anyone. It's our secret. I am a prince so I know he will be looking for me. And when they find us they will help you find your mama and papa." The boy sounds so confident I smile. +

"My mother usually reads me a story before bedtime. It helps me sleep. Maybe if I tell you one it will help you too?" In the boy's voice is longing, and my heart aches for him. For us. 4

He tells me the story of Beauty and the Beast, transporting me to a fairytale place where there are castles and talking teapots and magic. Maybe magic would get us out here.+

"What happened to them?" I ask him as we near the end of the story.+

"Love. Love broke the curse, and the Beast became a prince. They lived happily ever after." +

"A prince like you!" I whisper shout, careful to guard the secret we have. I have never had a secret with anyone before. I don't want to mess it up.+

"I will call you Beastie," I say to him smiling. The first real ones in weeks.+

"And I will call you Beauty." This makes me giggle and feel warm inside. +

Before I know what is happening Braiden has his arms wrapped around me as tears stream down my face. 1

"Shhh, don't cry. I'm here." He strokes my hair as I sob into his shirt, the moment bittersweet. Meeting him was like seeing a light in the dark. 5

"I'll always be here for you, Ava. Always. I love you." 8

Please don't forget to comment and vote!1

This body of work is available exclusively on Wattpad. If you're viewing it on a different website or under a different username, it has been illegally stolen, and you may be at risk of malware. Please do not support these sites, as writing a book takes long hours of hard work and effort. Head over to Wattpad and let me, the original author, know if you encounter this situation by finding me @greenwitchwrites.+

Braiden+

"My King," Samuel greets, interrupting our moment in this haunted room as Ava's crying subsides.+

"I'm sorry to interrupt. There is no electricity in the building, and it's getting late. Shall we come back tomorrow? I have arranged the accommodation nearby as requested." Luckily, I had sensed this might take its toll on Ava, and when we arrived, I had sent Samuel off to look for lodgings for the night, leaving Nick there to finalize the arrangements, no doubt, as he was nowhere in sight. And these two were always together.1

"Come. It's enough for today. Tomorrow is another day." Ava doesn't even fight me on this, allowing me to retrace our steps and lead her out of the building to a waiting car. +

Just before Ava climbs in, she turns around, her eyes moving across the face of the building. +

"What is it?" I, too, look back but see nothing. +

"Nothing. Ghosts of our past, perhaps. It felt like someone was watching us." The hairs on my neck bristle, and after Ava climbs in, I mind link one of The Royal Guards nearby to send someone to sweep the building. +

I learned long ago that instincts were never wrong.8

We drive the short distance to a large mansion in the middle of nowhere. +

"As we are in Alpha Nial's territory, he offered us his summer house for use," Samuel explains as we pull up in front of the majestic building.6

Nick emerges from the front door, his face full of concern. He knows this would be hard for Ava, who has been quiet the whole way here, her gaze fixed on the scenery we passed. Nick meets her as she exits the vehicle, pulling her into an embrace. Her eyes start watering again, but she blinks the tears away and smiles at him.+

"At least some of my memories are coming back," she says to him, forcing a smile onto her face.+

"Still. The way that is achieved is not pleasant. Are you sure you are up to this? We can just take a video of the place instead of you physically going there again tomorrow." Nick's suggestion is met with a grateful no from Ava. I expected as much. Being there and seeing it on a screen was completely different. The smell, the touch. It all served to jog one's memory. +

"Well, there's a massive tub in the main suite. I ran you a bath. Should help you relax." Ava looks back at me as Nick herds her inside.+

"It's fine. We have some business to attend to. I'll see you just now." My words elicit a small smile and a nod before Ava disappears inside with Nick—a good friend. I was glad she had him. I was also thrilled he was mated and to a man. Their closeness wouldn't sit well with my wolf otherwise. 24

"Did they find anything?" I ask Samuel when I am sure Ava is out of earshot.+

"No. But there was an unknown scent. We tracked it to the back of the building, but with many homeless people living there, the scent was lost. It could just have been one of them walking the building after you left." While Samuel's scenario is plausible, we had to be careful tomorrow. The last thing we needed was to be ambushed unprepared. I would call for more guards to accompany us tomorrow. 7

"Okay. Tell the guards to be alert. I need to blow steam off. Is there a gym somewhere?" Samuel mind links Nick, who confirms there is a gym. After relaying the information, I find myself minutes later de-stressing as I move from machine to machine. I needed a run, in my wolf form. But I couldn't leave Ava. The pent-up energy needs a release, and after the tenth set of push-ups, I decide punching something might just do the job. +

The reinforced punching bag hangs in the corner, calling me. I remove my sweat-soaked shirt and start punching, the sound of my fists hitting the bag while I imagine it being The Butcher, echoing around the wall-to-wall mirror-covered room.+

As wrapped up in that visual as I am, that all flies out the window as the door to the gym slowly opens. +

Ava steps inside, closing the door behind her. The little minx is in a tank top, and some barely fucking their cotton shorts hugging her curvy rear. One I know fits in my hands perfectly. Her brown hair is in a high ponytail, and her makeup-free face glows from the bath she just had. It never fails to amaze me how gorgeous my mate is. My wolf prances around proudly, a growl escaping me as I watch the sway of her hips.+

Her eyes roam my torso, and then she looks away, blushing. She heads to the boxing ring in the center of the room, pulling herself up and climbing in.+

I wander over, curious as to what her intentions are. +

"Should we spar?" She leans against the ropes furthest away from me, her beautiful green eyes caressing me and calling me to her—a siren.1

"I could do with releasing some...pent up tension." She smiles sweetly, the innuendo not lost as my dick twitches.+

"Do you think that is a good idea?" I ask her, remembering what the doctor said and that, at this point, we cannot mark each other. I wonder if my self-restraint will hold, tumbling around in a ring with her looking as alluring as she does now.+

"Are you afraid?" She goads me, her one eyebrow-raising as she waits for me to answer.+

"I see my little minx has become bolder. Remember what I said about playing with fire?" I warn, pulling myself up and entering the ring.1

This is a bad idea. But when her arousal hits me, I know there is no saying no. It is more potent than usual. More fragrant. Sweeter. Like I can even taste it on my tongue.3

"Are you ready for me?" Her question makes my dick stand to attention, letting her know that, in all ways, I am ready. She smiles and then pushes away from the ropes, her stance changing to one a fighter would take.+

"Rules?" I ask her, getting into a similar stance.+

"There are none." Her eyes shine with laughter before she lunges forward, her fist landing a blow to my stomach that is surprisingly strong. +

Her next punch I dodge, but she recovers, jumping back before she attacks again. This goes on for half an hour, and she lands surprisingly many blows. I cannot hit her. But I do cage her in my arms more than once, her body bucking against mine while she tries to escape, only arousing us further. It is like we are in some sort of sexually heightened state. This shouldn't be as fucking erotic as it is. But for us, it is like foreplay, her eyes now completely white and filled with lust. Mirrored in my black ones. +

On her final move, she jumps towards me, throwing us both off balance. I catch her before she hits the mat, cushioning the blow as I land on my back. Before she can move, I roll us over, pinning her to the floor with my weight and grabbing both her hands to capture them above her head. My thigh is between her legs, and I add some pressure, rubbing against her core.+

Her eyes are wild, her breathing ragged. +

"You are driving me crazy, Ava." I shift my body down, my rock-hard cock now rubbing against her moist center. I can feel her heat even through all our clothes. Come to think of it, she is hot all over like she has a fever. 5

Fuck. My wolf pushes forward, nuzzling her neck, her moans drawing my need out like pulling thread through the eye of a needle.+

We can smell it now, all over her skin. The warning earlier about playing with fire ringing more true now than ever.+

Ava is in the beginning phase of her heat.29

Please don't forget to comment and vote!+

This body of work is available exclusively on Wattpad. If you're viewing it on a different website or under a different username, it has been illegally stolen, and you may be at risk of malware. Please do not support these sites, as writing a book takes long hours of hard work and effort. Head over to Wattpad and let me, the original author, know if you encounter this situation by finding me @greenwitchwrites.+

Ava+

Oh my god, what is wrong with me? I feel hot and uncomfortable. And so horny. Man, I need a release.+

I roll us over, straddling Braiden as I rub my body against his. He smells so dam delicious. I want to taste him, which is precisely what I do when I nuzzle his neck right back, licking the deliciously scented skin. His moan mingles with mine. My wolf is also circling. Anxious and excited. +

I have never felt this way before.+

I am broken out of this delirious, dreamlike state when the door to the gym bursts open, Samuel and Nick barging in.+

"My King, My Queen. I am truly sorry to disturb you. But some of Alpha Nial's wolves are circling the mansion." Samuel looks uncomfortable, and while his intrusion and words usually have me pulling back with embarrassment, I cannot peel myself away from Braiden. 4

He senses that and, in one swift maneuver, manages to stand, with me still straddling his hips as I grasp onto his shoulders. Strong muscles flex everywhere, and the tingles where our skin meets send electric currents straight to my core and clit, their pulsing need almost an ache. +

"Ava is in heat. Her pheromones are so strong it is calling to every unmated male wolf in the vicinity."3

Nick gasps, while Braiden's words take a little longer to pierce the fog surrounding me. I am in a sexually aroused haze that is undulating around me.+

"No." Nick and I say the word simultaneously. 2

"Ava has never been in heat before. We thought it was because she was rogue and not around other wolves. Or the silver." +

Heat. I had heard about female wolves going through this—a primal experience between a man and a woman. +

What if my wolf forced me to change? It was always so painful. Worry wars with lust, the emotions heightened in this state. +

"This is Ava's first heat." Braiden repeats, both astounded and somewhat...proud.+

"Yes." Nick and I both say while Samuel looks shocked. 3

"A wolf's first heat is the most intense. This is why your pheromones are so strong-" Samuel's words are cut off as he is interrupted by a mind link.+

"Alpha Nial's wolves are becoming aggressive. The royal guards have already had to neutralize two of them. They have swapped out live rounds with tranquilizers, but I don't know if we will have enough."1

"It's fine. I will deal with it." Braiden holds me close. His eyes have changed, as have mine. Black and white. Filled with desire as we look at one another.3

"You need to trust me. Males in this state do not see reason. I must assert my claim on you, especially since we have not marked one another." Braiden walks us out of the gym, flanked by Nick, Samuel, and more royal guards.+

"Can't you just command them as their King?" Nick asks, the question making me hopeful.+

"No. Not when it comes to something like this. It's too primal. Mating is such a base emotion that even my command won't penetrate through that cardinal desire." Braiden's words crush the small glimmer of hope I feel, leaving anxiety in its stead.+

"You need to stay behind us. Don't wander off. If they corner you, they will try to mate with you." I nod in understanding, though his words do nothing to calm me down. If wolves were willing to fight their own King, what they would do to me would be much worse. A forced mating? I shake my head, trying to get the thought out of my mind.+

"We will try and make this quick. Your...symptoms will only get worse. Stronger and more uncontrollable. It is a little like going insane for a period of time." +

Does that mean that if one of these wolves did get me alone, I would let them mate me? Surely not. +

"Try not to worry, Ava. Just stay behind us." Nick tries reassuring me, sensing the panic rising.+

I am definitely not prepared for the scene that meets us as we exit the mansion. +

Around fifteen wolves, all in their wolf form, snap and growl at the royal guards keeping them from going further. Sometimes, they even snap at each other. +

Their nostrils flare, and ears perk up. All eyes are on me as Braiden slowly puts me down and then moves me behind his back. Wolves snare and hair stands up, sharp teeth on display. 1

While that is happening, I start feeling hotter and hornier, the reaction uncontrollable. So inappropriate considering the situation we are in. +

The wolves must sense this as they start howling and growling, snapping their mouths. +

"Mine!" Braiden roars, meeting their growls before shifting. 16

Alpha wolf. King of the Wolves. I can see it in his human form, but in his wolf form, it is irrefutable. He is huge, his body as tall as I am, and some. Completely black, down to the hair on his snout. A snout which is twitching as teeth are bared. This is what an Alpha King looks like. He is bigger, stronger, more aggressive.+

My wolf preens, pushing forward as we see our mate in this form. Glorious. Primal. Delicious. +

It is a struggle to keep her from completely transforming, even with both of us knowing the pain that would ensue. +

Braiden's large paws hit the ground menacingly as he circles my body, his tail wrapping around me. 2

Need courses through me at this display of possessiveness, his scent lingering on my skin. The delirious fever I have going on is making my body slick with perspiration, and the spot between my legs drips with lubrication, making my panties wet.4

That must be what tips the current situation over the edge as all chaos breaks loose. Wolves lunge at the royal guards while some break through their defensive line. Braiden, Samuel, and Nick meet in the middle in their wolf form, a mess of flying fur, growls, snapping jaws, and claws. It is not pretty, and I back away, trying to create some distance while keeping within eyesight. Braiden's earlier words are still in the forefront of my mind. I didn't want to be forcibly, or otherwise, mated to someone who wasn't Braiden. +

This all seems so unbelievable. Men fighting over a woman like she was a piece of property. Some wolves are getting really hurt as Braiden plows through them. Maybe if I went inside and put on some perfume, I could mask the scent.4

I know what Braiden said about wandering off, but I would lock the mansion door behind me—uncertainty wars within. But the decision is made when I see a small brown wolf being thrown across the lawn. There is no way I can allow this craziness to continue just because I am in heat. All of this for sex? It's madness.10

I turn on my heel and run inside, locking the door behind me. +

Then, I run up the stairs, taking them two at a time. 5

As my foot lands on the last stair, a noise to my right brings me to a dead stop, my heart dropping to my stomach as fear courses through me. +

Inside the mansion and standing ready to lunge is a medium-sized brown-haired wolf, his brown eyes almost familiar. Even in the way he assesses me. 2

Shit. Exactly what Braiden warned me about is happening. My eyes dart around the room and then back down the stairs as I try to figure out my best move. If I ran, the wolf would follow. They loved the chase. 8

But what else was I to do? Out of options, I do the only thing I can and start running. Paws hit the floor behind me.+

The only thought going through my mind is that I hope Braiden gets to me in time.18

Please don't forget to comment and vote!+

This body of work is available exclusively on Wattpad. If you're viewing it on a different website or under a different username, it has been illegally stolen, and you may be at risk of malware. Please do not support these sites, as writing a book takes long hours of hard work and effort. Head over to Wattpad and let me, the original author, know if you encounter this situation by finding me @greenwitchwrites.+

Braiden+

Ava's gone. +

Samuel's words echo down the mind link just as I throw another wolf to the ground, my large paw on his windpipe.+

I didn't want to kill Alpha Nial's wolves. They were acting on instinct. It couldn't be helped. Even he had not bothered getting involved in the fight. There was no point. If they would not listen to me, they would not listen to him. +

Though he was standing to the side with a medical team, helping wolves who had been tranquilized or hurt.+

He had his mated warriors trying to restrain those wolves they could get their hands on in the fray.1

The wolf under my foot passes out, and I shift, running to the spot where Ava was last standing. Her scent leads inside. +

I run to the front door, but it is locked. The door is reinforced, so instead of wasting my energy there, I throw my shoulder against the large window next to it, crashing to the ground while some glass shards stick into my arm. I pull them out as I follow Ava's scent upstairs. Hopeful that she is just hiding.1

Hope dies when my foot hits the flooring upstairs as I smell another scent—a male wolf. +

And then I hear it. A growl. My girl. I know it.+

Following the sound takes me to one of the bedrooms littering this floor. +

It is a mess. +

The reason is standing on two opposite sides of the room. +

Ava, partially shifted, is standing closest to me. The white hairs that have sprung forth and cover her forearms and hands are red with blood, as are her razor-sharp claws. Her fur bristles as she growls again, her eyes locked on the wolf on the other side of the room. 2

The other wolf is fully shifted, its brown eyes matching its fur, though now it has missing patches and blood ruining that pelt. +

I can't help but smile. +

Ava has put up a fight. The room looks like a storm has passed through. Feathers from the ripped pillows are still drifting to the floor even now. The bed is in pieces, with splintered wood and springs lying all over. The chest of drawers closest to the door is cracked down the middle. Even the chandelier in the center of the ceiling hasn't been spared. Its sway and dropped wire indicate it might fall any minute.+

The brown wolf's gaze snaps over to me, a look of what can only be described as anger crossing its features. Surprisingly, instead of staying and fighting, this wolf has a sense of preservation, and before we know what is happening, he throws himself through the window.    4

Glass cracks, and I run over, watching as he limps off into the bushes, marking the edge of the property. I would have to find out from Alpha Nial who he is. I knew this could happen, but still. I wanted to know who was in this room with Ava.+

My Ava. Mine.+

I turn around slowly, Ava's presence behind me, soaking into my body. Along with her scent. +

She is completely back in her human form, though her eyes are still white. And they are filled with hunger. Traveling my very naked form. Bare and aroused.+

Her eyes linger on my almost painfully stiff cock, then travel up my torso, pecks, and neck before finally meeting my gaze. +

Damn, she is gorgeous. Her heat is in full swing, her scent so intense that I growl possessively.+

I can't help myself. I close the distance and capture her lips with mine. +

Sparks fly at the contact, and then our tongues meet. It's exquisite. Glorious. Intoxicating. The next moment, I have her pushed up against the wall as she straddles me, my hardon between us. She grinds against it, moaning into my mouth. She is wet and hot. +

I have only ever heard about the effects that one's mate can have on you when they are in heat. It isn't just one-sided. Both partners enter a kind of frenzy at the height of her heat.+

One that was fast consuming me, too. +

If we weren't careful, we would end up marking one other. But I also couldn't pull away. Ava's tongue wars with mine, our need making the kiss rough and all-consuming. +

So much so that it is only when Samuel clears his throat rather loudly that I realize we are not alone. 7

"Keep everyone out," I order through mind-link before marching out of the room and towards the main bedroom at the end of the floor.+

I push the door shut with my foot and then stalk towards the bed, dropping Ava on it.+

She moans in protest, not happy with the lack of contact.+

I grab her legs, pulling her towards me. +

With our eyes locked, I hook my fingers into her shorts and panties.+

"Do you want me to help you, little minx?" I ask her, tugging to indicate my intention.+

She doesn't hesitate but nods and then lifts her ass so that I can pull her shorts off with more ease. +

I don't rush. I inhale deeply as her shorts slowly reveal that sweet, wet epicenter of her scent. That decadent pussy. 2

Fuck. Ava was driving me crazy.+

Once her shorts are off, I hold her left leg up, lapping a line up the inside of her calf, her thigh, where her desire has left a trail as I have pulled her shorts off. +

Ava is moaning loudly, boosting my ego as I think about how I am doing this to her. I'm drawing those sounds out of her. My cock hardens further as I stare at her beautiful, pink, glistening pussy, and then I lean forward, sliding my tongue between her folds. +

That taste. In this state, it is so erotic, and her essence on my tongue so decadent that I worry I might come just from eating her out. Only pride stops me. This was about Ava, not me.6

My tongue delves into her warm depths, and she bucks into my face, looking for more. I remove my tongue, insert two fingers and then suck on her clit.+

"Oh my god, Braiden, I can't...I can't. I think I am going to come." +

I pick up my pace, thrusting my fingers into her as she meets my rhythm, fucking herself onto my fingers until I am deeper than I have ever been. +

With one last flick of my tongue over Ava's clit, she unravels, screaming out my name as her walls clench around my fingers. It's sensational. 2

I love how she looks when she orgasms. Her eyes shut tightly, her bottom lip caught between her teeth, her cheeks the color of roses freshly plucked. Uninhibited. Free. And I made her feel this. +

I leave my fingers in her until her shivers abate, her breathing slowly returning to normal. Her eyes open when I remove them, the hunger in them and the smirk telling me we are far from done. This would be an all-night session. Fuck. Days even. +

But then I stiffen. That smell. Blood. +

"Blood." On my fingers. Not a lot. But definitely there. 5

I pull back, feeling sick to my stomach.+

"I hurt you." +

Ava shoots up, closing the distance between us. +

"Calm down. You didn't. It was amazing. Phenomenal. Mind-blowing. This is nothing."+

 "Are you fucking kidding me right now? I was too rough with you, Ava." I shake her hands off me, the shame engulfing me as I head towards the door. I need to get out of here. +

"Stop it, Braiden. This isn't about you. Please. Don't leave. We're not done, and I need you." 3

Ava's pleading cannot undo the absolute mortification I feel right now. I hurt my mate. My Ava.+

As my hand touches the door handle, Ava shouts, her words halting me in my steps.+

"Stop My King! You probably just tore my hymen. It happens, Braiden. To virgins."17

Please don't forget to comment and vote!+

Before you hate on me for going with this trope, there is nothing wrong with it, and I like the thought of a woman's first time being with someone she loves. Someone who will cherish her. So don't leave just yet. If you have come this far, please stay with me :)10

This body of work is available exclusively on Wattpad. If you're viewing it on a different website or under a different username, it has been illegally stolen, and you may be at risk of malware. Please do not support these sites, as writing a book takes long hours of hard work and effort. Head over to Wattpad and let me, the original author, know if you encounter this situation by finding me @greenwitchwrites.+

Ava+

Braiden slowly turns towards me, my words fueling a hunger that I have never seen in him before. 2

He stalks towards me, his body firm against mine as he crowds me. Eats me up with his eyes. +

His hand is splayed against my back while the other gently circles my neck. The slight pressure of his fingers forces me to arch my neck so I look into his black eyes.+

"You should have told me. I would have been gentler." His husky voice tells me how much he is trying to restrain himself. +

I don't want it. I want wild Braiden. I need it. The man who eats me out like I am his last meal and brings me to the best orgasm of my life as I ride his fingers like a wanton she-wolf.+

The Braiden who makes me feel free.+

"I don't want gentle Braiden." +

He growls through clenched teeth, his jaw twitching as my words rile him up.+

"Don't, Ava. You don't know what you are asking for. In this state, there is no gentle. In this state, we will fuck."1

My pussy clenches at his words, the faucet opening at their filth.+

"But I will fuck you from a place of love, My Queen. And then after, once we have satiated our animals, we will make love until the birds remind us it is morning. And even then, there will be no end to my need for your body. Your soul. I might never have enough of you." His head dips into my neck, his nose trailing a live wire up my neck as he inhales deeply, every nerve alight with his touch. 12

"That's what I want, Braiden," I say firmly, grasping his rock-hard cock in my hand and stroking him from the tip to the base and back again.+

"I want this. I want you to be my first." +

He moans, and then suddenly, I am lifted by strong arms, hands gripping and then kneading my thighs as he carries us forward before dropping me on the bed. +

"Shirt. Off." 2

I don't waste time, scared he will change his mind, as I quickly remove my shirt and then my bra. My breasts feel full and heavy, and crave to be caressed. Squeezed. Anything.

"Fuck Ava." He closes the distance, forcing me backward before his mouth encloses my right nipple as if reading my mind.3

I have never felt anything like it. Sensations burst forward, and I cry out, the feeling so breathtaking that I forget everything. Except the sweet torture lavished upon first one and then the other. In the heady daze, I realize that my nipples and breasts were precisely made to fit into Braiden's mouth. To be teased by his tongue. To be manipulated and played by only one master. 1

The peak is hard as his tongue circles the tip, sending a shock through my body as a tingling sensation unfurls in my core.+

As if sensing I am on the verge of my orgasm, Braiden flips me over, pulling me to the edge of the bed so that my feet are now on the floor. +

Before I can understand what is happening, the sound of his hand hitting my ass, followed by the exquisitely pleasurable pain, makes me scream out. Two fingers enter me, pumping into me before being removed, followed by another smack. +

I am having a sensation overload, the pleasure so much that I feel like I might pass out. I am a wreck, begging Braiden for more when I don't even know how much more I can take. The orgasm is building stronger than I have ever felt as my need runs down my inner thigh. +

And then I feel it, his head at my entrance. I am so wet that his tip slides in easily, the feeling of being stretched nearly sending me over the edge. 5

Braiden leans forward, careful not to push in further as his hand circles my neck.+

"Can you feel how much I want you, little minx? How much I need you." +

He edges in further as his other hand reaches down, his finger circling my clit, and making me moan out loudly. I was on the edge of pain and pleasure, the two merging to become one huge conniption. I would be destroyed. And I couldn't wait. +

"Do you like how I stretch you? Fill you up with my cock, My Queen?" He drawls out as he pushes in a little bit further. +

I feel so deliciously full.+

"I will be your first Ava. And your last, my love." And with one final thrust, he sheaths himself fully, and I explode. Like someone has pushed the timer on my bomb. The pain of my hymen breaking, coupled with the build-up of every touch, every word, sent me over the edge as I tumble and crash into an orgasm so overwhelming, I scream Braiden's name out as I convulse under him. 14

There is no time to recover as Braiden slowly starts moving behind me, the gentle pace he is setting for my benefit as I get used to his girth and size. The pain is brief before pleasure once again starts building. Before I know it, I am meeting Braiden's thrusts, pound for pound, my body accepting him as if knowing we were made for one another.+

The sound of his flesh slapping against mine adds to the experience, and then I am convulsing as yet another orgasm wracks my body. +

Braiden flips me over before he enters me again. +

"I don't know what is happening. My body is greedy for yours."+

 The heat. Everything was heightened. More intense.+

"It is the same for me, Ava. You will not walk properly for days at this rate," Braiden grunts as he dips his head to lather first one breast and then the other with delicious attention while he continues thrusting.+

I can feel another orgasm building. Its force is unmatched. +

Braiden must feel it too as he quickens his pack, our frenzied fucking bordering on feral. +

"Ava. I'm close." Braiden drills into me deeply, and then I feel it, the twitch of his cock as he explodes, taking me with him as I bite down hard.4

It isn't until seconds later that the realization of what has happened sets in, the blood in my mouth pulling me back to reality.+

"Shit," I say out loud as my eyes lock onto Braiden's neck. Clear as day, a bite mark stares back at me.+

"I marked you."23

Please don't forget to comment and vote!+

It's not a long chapter, guys and girls, but it's definitely hot!4

This body of work is available exclusively on Wattpad. If you're viewing it on a different website or under a different username, it has been illegally stolen, and you may be at risk of malware. Please do not support these sites, as writing a book takes long hours of hard work and effort. Head over to Wattpad and let me, the original author, know if you encounter this situation by finding me @greenwitchwrites.+

Braiden+

Fear, lust, anger at herself- and then there, intertwining and joining everything together. Love. She loves me. I can feel it through this strange one-sided bond that started as soon as her teeth entered my neck—seeding the tether from her to me.+

As it burst forth, everything comes crashing through, confusing at first, and then as it settles, it becomes clearer. Easier to navigate. +

"You love me."2

Ava stares back at me, eyes wide in shock, from where she has retreated to the other side of the room.+

I can't help the slow smile stretching across my face as I approach her. And she can't stop her eyes from dragging across my naked body, making my dick twitch and wake up. Fuck, I would never get enough of her. +

"You love me, Ava. I can feel it. I can feel you." +

There is a long silence as I stand before her, taking her appearance in.+

Unruly, beautiful, messy brown hair. Rosy red cheeks. Green eyes wild and still filled with lust. Drop of blood on her sexy plump lip. My blood. She did what took all of my willpower not to do. And only because I didn't want to risk dying and leaving her. +

"Say it," I demand, gripping her chin and angling her face to look at me.+

Her eyes lock with mine, and then finally, she says what I have longed to hear since I told it to her when she woke up after being poisoned.+

"I love you, Braiden. More than anyone I have ever loved."+

She looks away, and before she says it, I already know.+

"I'm scared." Glassy eyes lock with mine again.+

"I will not leave you, Ava. There is no need to be afraid."+

I pull her to me, her naked body melting into mine as I kiss her senselessly. Putting her back in the state she was in just minutes ago. +

Her heat oscillates, moving from extreme to bearable and then back again. This continues for hours until, eventually, her fever from the heat starts abating.+

"Oh my god, Braiden." Ava pants under me, both of us coming down from yet another orgasm. We have lost count of how many. The delirious nature of the heat, coupled with her bond in place, made this experience something else. So much more intense. Her peak and the feelings accompanying her climax escalating mine.  1

 "I've never been called god before, but after that display..." I jest, Ava swatting me on the arm playfully.+

"My King!" Ava jumps, scrambling from under me as she pulls a blanket against her body.3

I close my eyes, wishing, just for this moment, that I wasn't The King.+

I straighten up, not bothering with covering up.+

"Samuel, this better be good." +

Samuel enters while Ava squeaks, her cheeks bright red with embarrassment.+

"My King. I thought we could take this opportunity, while you are um...taking a breather, to meet with Dr. Adams."5

"Dr. Adams is here?" Samuel seems nervous and worried. His eyes dart towards Ava before looking back at me. His eyes drop to my neck, reminding me of the mark there.+

"Yes, My King. He came as soon as we felt it." Samuel's words are confusing.+

"Felt what?" Ava asks, wrapping the blanket tightly around her before joining me. +

"The mate bond. But different...He thought you might need assistance if you marked My Queen."+

"He didn't mark me. I marked him." Samuel physically relaxes at Ava's words. He was worried about me.+

"Samuel, I'm fine. Don't worry. But while the doc is here, let's have him look me over. Perhaps he can explain how this will work until the time comes when we can complete the mating process." +

"I will tell him to meet you in the dining room. The chef has prepared a meal. I figured you might be ravished after...your activities." At Samuel's words, Ava's stomach growls loudly.5

We look at each other and then laugh. +

"Just give us a couple of minutes to freshen up." +

Samuel leaves, and minutes turn into half an hour. The shower Ava and I took together was probably not a good idea. By the time we get downstairs, we are freshly dressed. Ava is glowing, her skin smooth, and her beautiful green eyes back and sparkling.+

"Wow. You look...like you got freshly-" Ava clamps her hand over Nick's mouth before he can complete his sentence.3

"My King!" Dr. Adams exclaims, rushing toward me like I am dying. He is followed close behind by Alpha Nial, who bows and bares his neck. 1

"I'm fine. Ava marked me. I didn't mark her. Calm down." Dr. Adams visibly relaxes. This appears to be the theme of my encounters today.4

"Alpha Nial, I trust we will have no more problems." It is already daytime. Ava and I had been cooped up in the room for eighteen hours without sleep, but I felt fresher than ever. 17

"None, My King. I apologize for what happened. You know how primal the urge can be." Yes. I certainly did.+

"I'm starving. While Dr. Adams looks you over, I'm going to grab something to eat." Ava smiles at me and drags Nick away, followed by Samuel and Alpha Nial, at my insistence. I still had questions for him.1

I sit at the head of the table while Dr. Adams takes my blood pressure and vitals.+

"Your vitals are good. Excellent actually. And your mark has healed nicely," Dr. Adams says as he peers at my neck. +

"The connection is strange. With it being only one side. My Queen, can I take a look at you?" Ava nods, stuffing a piece of toast in her mouth before gesturing to Dr. Adams. +

After checking Ava's vitals, he draws some blood. 9

"I will see how your blood is looking. While having a half-completed bond doesn't seem to be doing any harm, it is better to complete the mating process fully. Perhaps this has improved Ava's state. She certainly appears to be looking...rejuvenated." Dr. Adam's words nearly have Ava choking on the pancake she has just taken a bite of, her cheeks ablaze at his insinuation.+

"Must be all the recent physical activity," Nick says, earning himself a kick under the table from Ava. +

 "My King, I must get going," Alpha Nial says, rising from the table to leave.+

"I will walk you out."+

When we are out of earshot, I finally ask him the question that has kept him here.+

"Did you find out who was in the room with My Queen?" Alpha Nial's expression tells me the news is not good.+

"He was not one of mine, My King. We are busy investigating. We sent requests to all neighboring packs, and all member's whereabouts were accounted for during that time. He must be a rogue or from a pack further out." 11

This was not good news. A stranger alone with Ava in a room during her heat was one thing. But a stranger not even supposed to be in this area stank of something more. +

"Did you track his scent?" Alpha Nial nods, his eyebrows pulling together. I wasn't going to like this.+

"We tracked it to the abandoned Underground building in Blakely. The one you visited recently. While we were there, that's not all we found, My King. A message was written on one of the walls in one of the rooms. Room 313. It was for My Queen."+

Alpha Nial's words send a shiver through my being, making me glad Ava doesn't have access to my feelings yet. She is so happy. The last thing I want to do right now is destroy that.+

"What did it say?" I finally ask.+

Alpha Nial takes out his phone, pulling up a picture before handing it to me. +

"You are looking for me, but I will find you first. You are mine, Ava. Soon we will be together again."19

Please don't forget to comment and vote!6

This body of work is available exclusively on Wattpad. If you're viewing it on a different website or under a different username, it has been illegally stolen, and you may be at risk of malware. Please do not support these sites, as writing a book takes long hours of hard work and effort. Head over to Wattpad and let me, the original author, know if you encounter this situation by finding me @greenwitchwrites.+

Ava+

When Braiden returns, I can tell something is wrong. +

He is lost in thought and doesn't join in the conversation or eat. Whatever Alpha Nial said to him must not have been good.+

Minutes before he came back, Samuel left. He was off on official royal business, he said. He went into one of his mind-linking trances, and now I think it was with Braiden. +

"What is it? What's wrong?" Braiden snaps out of his trance and forces a smile, making me frown.+

"Really? That is the worst fake smile I have ever seen. Look at this, Nick," I bump his leg, pointing to Braiden.+

"My King. It is not very good."6

Braiden's smile fades, and I can tell he is battling something. It makes me wish I could feel him like he could feel me through the one-sided bond.+

I still don't know what I was thinking doing that. It left me vulnerable, having all my feelings out there, practically giving him a map of my every mood, thought, and state. It was frustrating and unfair. He could hide things while I could not.2

"Don't start keeping secrets from me. We have always been honest with one another. Let's not stop now." Braiden's grey eyes regard me for a long time, perhaps looking for a sign that I can handle whatever he says. Whatever he sees there must satisfy him.+

"The wolf that was in the room with you during your heat. He is not from Alpha Nials pack or any neighboring packs."+

He lets his words settle in while my mind returns to that medium-brown wolf with the brown eyes. While I have told Braiden he must not keep secrets from me, I have kept one from him.+

When that brown wolf touched me, a memory came back to me. A memory of a small boy with similar brown eyes. But that cannot be. The small boy in my memory was dead. Lying in the corner of one of the rooms of The Underground, propped up by the wall. So skinny. So neglected. So abused. I shouted for him to get up, but those eyes just stared back at me, empty, as I was led from the room.2

"Did you recognize him?" Braiden asks, perhaps picking up on something from my memory.+

"No, I don't," I answer truthfully. They cannot be the same person, so it is useless to mention this horrible nightmare of a memory.8

"Alpha Nials team tracked him as far as The Underground building we visited. It could mean nothing." +

Braiden hesitates and then pulls out his phone. +

"But while they were there, they found a message written in blood on your old cell wall. I don't want you to be scared, Ava. Samuel is there with a team, sweeping the place from top to bottom. And there are additional guards here." +

My heart is beating faster, but I don't want my fear to push Braiden into keeping me in the dark about things. So I try to compose myself, forcing my heart rate to return to normal and my emotions to settle before I hold my hand out. Nick is right beside me, peering over my shoulder as Braiden hands me his phone. The picture with the writing sends me straight back into the state I had tried pulling myself from.+

"You are looking for me, but I will find you first. You are mine, Ava. Soon, we will be together again."+

Together again. This message gives away more than the previous one. Whoever this was, I had met them before. They knew me, and I must know them.+

"Has your mom and Selene's whereabouts been accounted for when this was done?" Nick asks, his dislike for those two women and their actions towards me rubbing him up the wrong way.1

"Yes. Samuel already checked. Whoever did this was not someone from our pack. Though we still haven't ruled them out as suspects in Ava's poisoning." +

I still couldn't imagine one of them was responsible for doing that. I know they both disliked me. But poison? That seemed a little extreme. Especially at the risk of someone else picking up that bottle at the table. +

We needed to find whoever was behind this before this message became a reality, and they found me. Braiden's reassurances about my safety make my following words easy.+

"Let's go back there. Now." 2

Braiden frowns, definitely unhappy with this. +

"That was the plan. So let's stick to it. Memories came back to me when I saw my cell. Maybe more will return as we explore the rest of the building. It is worth a shot. We need to find out who is behind all of this." +

Braiden is skeptical, and I can see his hesitation comes from caring for me. He doesn't want something to happen to me. +

"Besides, you will be with me, so I'll definitely be safe. You won't let anything happen to me."+

I smile at the brooding hulk of a man while he stares at me, trying to think up an excuse. He has none. We have no leads. This is the best plan. I know it. He knows it. +

"Fine. But you will stay by my side at all times. If even a sliver of unease passes through your bond, we leave-" My smile gets triumphantly bigger as Braiden talks, and then I lean forward and kiss him- long and hard, silencing him.+

"Excellent!" I jump up, then run upstairs to get my phone and change into more suitable clothing while Braiden arranges the transport with his royal guards. By the time I am back downstairs, he and Nick are waiting for me, looking nervous and uncertain about this. +

"It will be fine," I say, dragging the last word out as I pass them and head to one of the waiting cars.1

While we drive, I practice blocking the bond. Nick told me how he does it with Samuel, though less so now than when they first got together. Apparently, in the beginning, he was so horny for Samuel, it became embarrassing how often that would be communicated down the bond. He uses the exact visualization Braiden had once used, whereby one treats it like a tap, opening and closing it as you see fit. +

"You're trying to block the bond." Braiden's words beside me make me jump.2

"Is it working?" I ask, smiling when he frowns.+

"I don't want you doing that with me. I want to feel you all the time." He pulls me close, wrapping me in his strong arms and kissing my head. +

"So while you are having a meeting with your royal guards, you want to feel how horny that makes me, how your dominance turns me on?" I say, throwing out a scenario I deem embarrassing. For him. For me. +

"Yes. Definitely. They can wait while I satisfy My Queen. While I get on my knees for you and eat that sweet pussy until you are coming all over my face. Content. Then, I will continue with them. If you block it, that scenario cannot happen." 12

Braiden's dirty words and the visuals he gives me immediately make me wet. 2

"See, I want to know how turned on my words make you," he grumbles in my ear, making me tremble.+

Before we act on the impulse that I know we both share, of me acting out that very scenario he described, the car comes to a halt. +

"We will definitely be doing that later," I say as he releases me and exits the vehicle.2

The grey abandoned building stares back at me. But unlike when I first saw it in person, no memories rise. And the terror I felt before is gone.+

Braiden refuses to let me return to my cell, so we move to the following building levels. Some levels have big open rooms with nothing in them. Others contain yet more cells, the numbers edging closer to the seven hundred mark the higher we go- until we reach the top floor.+

As soon as I step onto this floor, memories start coming back. Flashes of a lady. The lady who I saw in the memory that surfaced when Dr. Lewis hypnotized me.+

"Are you okay?" Braiden asks me, rubbing my back comfortingly.+

"I 'm fine," I reply, smiling at him to reassure him.+

We walk around the area, Braiden stopping to rifle through a filing cabinet containing some documents while Nick starts opening and closing drawers. This looks like it was the administration level. Dusty placement marks on tables are all that is left behind where computers once stood. +

I approach a door.+

The door. The one from my memory.+

"I don't want to go in there," I say to the lady, taking a step back. +

I look at the ground, remembering where I stood, looking up and pleading with the woman.+

"No, please! I don't want to!" People are looking at us now, and as I pull my hand free, I fall backward onto the floor, hurting my bottom.+

The carpet is stained. Not like I remember it when I fell. It was much cleaner.+

I turn around and crawl away, the door behind me opening with force.+

I look now at the door from that memory. Plain. Simple. Nothing remotely scary. +

My hand touches wood, and I must push hard to open it.+

I take a deep breath and then another before I finally have the guts to step into the room. One step, two steps.+

And then I hear it—the words from my memory and written on the body in blood.+

"You're mine, Ava." +

Except this isn't a memory. 4

Before I can run, the door clicks shut behind me.+

"I told you I would find you. You're mine, Ava. Only mine."53

Please don't forget to comment and vote!+

If you would like to support me, you can find me on Patreon here, where I am 8 or 9 chapters ahead with this story.+

https://www.patreon.com/greenwitchwrites (Search for me in Google if you can't find me as my stuff is rated 18+ and you won't find me searching in Patreon)+

If you would just like to support me once off you can buy me a coffee here https://www.buymeacoffee.com/greenwitchwrite3

All donations and Patreon subscriptions go towards publishing fees for my book, Scorching Sienna, which I am busy writing and hope to release on Kindle early this year.+

The dream is to write full time :) Thank you for being here and being the inspiration behind that dream.+

This body of work is available exclusively on Wattpad. If you're viewing it on a different website or under a different username, it has been illegally stolen, and you may be at risk of malware. Please do not support these sites, as writing a book takes long hours of hard work and effort. Head over to Wattpad and let me, the original author, know if you encounter this situation by finding me @greenwitchwrites.+

Braiden+

She is gone.+

I am verging into the realm of the insane, but she is fucking gone. Taken. Right under my nose. I failed. I was supposed to protect her, but I have once again let her down. Just like all those years ago in this same fucking building. My beauty, let down by her beastie.6

We have searched this whole wretched place and nothing.+

The last thing I heard was the click of the door at the end of the room we were in, a muffled scream, and then silence. The door was reinforced. By the time we got through, half an hour had passed. Ava's scent had already diminished. We searched the room, finally finding a hidden panel leading to some stairs and underground tunnels. Missed on the sweeps we had undertaken of the building on all the previous occasions. +

"My King..." Samuel approaches me, my rigid form on the precipice of turning into the beast from which the black wolf originated. Magna mortalitas. Black Death. A black wolf with no feeling and no conscience.+

It was fabled that a black wolf was once in the same position, his love taken from him. The event pushed him over the edge, destroying any semblance of humanity in him. Leaving him a shell of vengeance and wrath. Would this be a repeat of that history?1

"We have followed the tunnels. They continue for two miles before they exit the woods on the Eastern side, but Ava's scent is gone. There are tire tracks in the dirt. Once they hit the gravel road, we have no idea which direction they went. Alpha Nial has closed off all the main roads, and neighboring packs have been advised of the situation. We will find her, My King." 1

Would we? 1

Either Ava was still in the area, or, and I feared this might be the case, the half-completed bond had caused the pain we feel when we are too far apart to disappear. Searching my bond with her brings back nothing. No feelings except silence and darkness. Both of which are slowly consuming me. +

I cannot contain it any longer. My wolf bursts forth, the howl leaving me, echoing around the building and making every wolf in the vicinity bow and cower. I run. Following what is left of her scent until I am at the edge of the road. Royal guards flank me but keep their distance, Samuel the only one to venture within a few feet.+

I tear through the forest, searching for My Queen. My Ava. My love. +

It consumes me. The longing. The anger. The pain. The thoughts of where she is, of what could be happening to her. My black wolf remains. For hours. For days. Until finally, I am shot with three tranquilizers. 3

Hands hold me down. Samuel. Nick. Alpha Nial. Dr. Adams. Alpha Darius. Mother. Father. Even Selene. 10

None the beautiful green eyes of the woman I love. +

I slip away into the darkness. Everything I am gone. +

Without her, I am nothing.2

Please don't forget to comment and vote!+

It is a short chapter but says so much!5

This body of work is available exclusively on Wattpad. If you're viewing it on a different website or under a different username, it has been illegally stolen, and you may be at risk of malware. Please do not support these sites, as writing a book takes long hours of hard work and effort. Head over to Wattpad and let me, the original author, know if you encounter this situation by finding me @greenwitchwrites.+

Ava+

"We have done it!"+

"After all these years, she is the cure we have sought. Do you know how much money governments will pay to get their hands on this? The cure to all ailments. Humans would become invincible." +

"There is a problem. The silver in her body. It is causing side effects, and she is dying. We need to undo what we did." +

"Then do it!" +

"The effects on her body will take years to stabilize before we can create a sellable product." +

"How many?" +

"Three. Four at most." +

"We have waited this long. If that's what it takes, then so be it."+

"There is another problem. She is pregnant." 18

"Are you certain?" +

"Yes. We have run the tests twice." +

"This is a problem."+

"Not really. It could be leverage. You know who the father is. We could use the child as leverage if he ever becomes a problem." +

"What will we do with her in the meantime? We can't keep her sedated like this forever. It's already been far too many weeks." 1

"I will take her. She is mine. I brought her here. The deal was that I would bring her to you, and once you get what you need, she would belong to me."2

"Fine. Keep her hidden. And send her for memory blocking and reconstruction. We need her compliance in this matter. If we force her, the outcome will not be as favorable." 6

"I will take her. Her new memories will be of me and only me."

"Fine. Go."+

"Mommy! Wake up!" I try to hold on to the dream, but it fades. Slipping away like sand through my fingers.54

"Mommy!" My eyes are heavy, but finally, they open, and grey eyes stare back at me. 1

"You're awake, Mommy. You were having a bad dream." A small hand strokes my face, and I smile, grabbing the little bundle and snuggling my nose into her neck. She giggles- my favorite sound.3

"How can I have bad dreams when I have you, little bean." I stroke her unruly black hair, marveling at how shiny it is—reminding me of...something. I have seen hair like this before. Touched hair like this before.9

"Come, Mommy. It's time to get up." Her voice is excited. +

"And why is that? Is something special happening today?" I tickle her armpits, the shriek of laughter nearly deafening me. +

"It's my birthday." She whispers these words like they are a secret. I suppose they are. Our whole life is a secret. I try not to let the thought tarnish the mood.+

"Is it?" I ask, feigning surprise while she smacks me on the arm, the smile telling me she does not believe me.+

"I'm big today. I'm three years old." I smile and then scoop her into my arms as I climb out of the bed. 73

"That you are. Happy birthday, my little angel." I hug her tight and then swing her around in my arms, causing another round of giggles.+

"Let's see if we have some presents for you!" Excited squeals follow my words as we walk through the little cottage we call home. Out in the middle of the woods where no one can find us.+

I set Aliana down on the bright pink carpet in the small lounge area before pulling out three perfectly wrapped presents varying in size. 2

Aliana jumps up in joy before settling down to open her presents, squeals of delight whenever she sees what is inside, settling deep in my heart. Almost quelling the constant unease that resides there. A hole that, no matter what, remains empty. A longing residing in it that has no words. It aches physically, and I rub the spot with my palm before readjusting my smile so she won't notice. She is way too wise and astute for her age. +

I pick up my camera and take photos of her, her little hands holding up her new teddy bear, and then her dress and matching shoes, pride and joy bubbling over in every picture.+

"You can wear it tonight when Daddy comes and fetches us. He is taking us out for your birthday. To a real restaurant." 20

Aliana's face lights up.+

"Will there be ice cream?" +

"You bet," I say as she holds her dress against her body and twirls around.+

After a couple of rotations, she stops, her face suddenly serious.+

"Why doesn't Jerry stay here? With us?" 6

"You know why. He has important work in the city. But he promises it will only be a few days longer, and then we will leave here. Move to a new country. You can go to school with other children, and we can all live together as a family." +

Where he won't find us.+

I don't say it, but that is the reason we are here- hiding out in the forest in the middle of nowhere- because of the King of Werewolves, The Black Death.+

He is looking for me. He wants to kill me because I am the only white wolf in the world—a threat to his crown. I don't know how. I am a nobody. But Jerry says if he gets his hands on me, I will be dead. I shiver just thinking about it.55

"Are you okay, mommy?" Aliana's small hand is on my cheek again, and I smile before brushing my finger between her knitted brow.+

"You mustn't worry. Everything will be okay." She wraps her arms around me, crushing her new dress between us. +

"I don't want to leave here. I don't want to stay with Jerry." This again.+

"He is your father, Aliana. Why don't you want to stay with him? He loves you." I say the words I have said on more than one occasion. But as soon as Aliana could talk, she expressed her dislike for her father. She wouldn't even call him daddy. Something that has caused more than one argument in my relationship with Jerry. If you could even call it that.11

He was growing increasingly distant, and the underlying anger I sensed was getting stronger. I knew why, but I couldn't do anything about it.+

Since Aliana's conception, which I don't even remember, whenever he tries to be intimate with me, even just a kiss, an overwhelming pain shoots through my body. It's so intense it leaves me crippled on the floor for hours. Where there used to be concern, there is just anger and frustration now. I didn't know how to fix it or what was causing it. 11

Jerry said that his friends at The Underground might have a solution, so they had ramped up the amount of blood required from me weekly. I hope they find something soon, as I was becoming tired of being used as a pincushion. The frequency and volume of the blood donations left me feeling weak for longer and longer periods.+

Aliana pulls me from my thoughts as she wriggles out of my arms.+

"I don't want to stay with him. He doesn't love us." Aliana's voice is angry. 2

"Don't say that, Aliana. Daddy loves us." I try to soothe her, but she steps back out of my reach. Before she runs off, her quietly whispered words float to my ears, making me question whether I heard her correctly.+

"Daddy might love us. But Jerry doesn't." 43

Please don't forget to comment and vote!+

This body of work is available exclusively on Wattpad. If you're viewing it on a different website or under a different username, it has been illegally stolen, and you may be at risk of malware. Please do not support these sites, as writing a book takes long hours of hard work and effort. Head over to Wattpad and let me, the original author, know if you encounter this situation by finding me @greenwitchwrites.+

Braiden2

"My King. Dr. Adams is waiting for you." Samuel dips his head and then bares his neck, averting his gaze as soon as my eyes drift over to him.+

I have finally done it. Even he can no longer look at me. My last ally, gone.+

I couldn't even blame him. The last four years had broken me. Left me a shell of my former self. Made me ruthless. Unkind. Hard. It was only the weekly injections that kept me functioning. 13

I grunt, and as I pass Samuel, I catch my reflection in the mirror. The man I see there is not even recognizable to me. +

Eyes that remain black, the grey from before gone. To match the blackness of my heart. The only reason I know it still beats is the pain that shoots out of it. As it is doing now. White strands intertwine with my hair's black, the last years aging me overnight. Turning me into the name I was now known by—King of the Werewolves, The Black Death. 6

I ignore the pain in my chest, leaving my office to head downstairs. I hesitate, as I always do, my eyes drifting over to the room at the end of the hall- the one I made for her. +

Samuel's presence behind me forces me forward as I descend the stairs and head to the dining room, where I am met by Dr. Adams, my parents, and Selene. 2

"My King, how are you feeling today?" +

The same fucking question every time he is here. Dead. I feel dead inside. But instead of saying that, I say what I usually do.+

"Fine. Let's get on with it." +

I sit down at the table and offer up my arm. Selene sits beside me, her hand on my other arm. While Dr. Adams prepares the injection, my gaze drops to Selene's hand, gently rubbing my flesh. I hate it. It doesn't even tingle, let alone spark. But I don't say anything. She stood by me all these years. 23

"You need to increase the dosage. The efficacy is decreasing." My mother issues the instruction before taking a seat next to Selene. +

"We need to talk about the future of the pack. It is time for you two to get married." 18

This again.+

"The pack is unstable. If you don't fix this, the human government will get involved. More and more pack members are becoming rogue. It stops now. I will start making plans. You will be married in a week." +

Selene looks at me from under her lashes, pretending she is unaware of this. I know better, but I say nothing. She has always wanted this. Now, with the royal pack falling apart, this is the perfect time to push her agenda- an agenda she shares with my mother. 1

The worst part is that they are not wrong. The royal pack was falling apart as hard as I tried to keep it together. This impacted other packs as more wolves became rogues. While they understood my situation, I also had a responsibility to them, and their understanding was reaching its limits. +

"Fine." Selene giggles while Samuel gasps and then coughs, trying to cover up the sound. Even before Ava, he was against this union. +

But that was then, and this is now. My mate was gone. Dead. 13

With the drugs swimming through my system from the prick of the needle just moments ago, I get up, leaving everyone at the table. They don't seem to care. Selene and my mother are already talking about the colors of the wedding and her dress, while my father chats to Dr. Adams about a rash he has on his arm. 3

Samuel follows me as I head out the front door. I can feel he wants to say something, but no words come when I look at him.+

"I'm going to see her." He nods, and then I shift, turning into my black wolf.+

The medication subdues my anger, but in this form, it sits on the edges, reminding me of its presence and the reason for it. +

One I come up to minutes later, as I shift back to my human form. +

I dust the headstone off and then sit on the stone bench facing the flowery meadow below. The perfect place for my Ava to rest. 2

It feels like just yesterday that I received the package. The package containing bloodied silver pieces and a note. From whoever had taken her. Telling me she did not survive. +

This was after a year of nonstop searching for her. I had successfully closed more underground operations than in the prior twenty years combined, but none led me to her. +

When that package came, I didn't believe it. But then Selene handed me a USB. Delivered to her in my absence. 13

It contained the proof—pictures of my beautiful girl, drenched in blood. Dr. Adams said the volume of blood and the amount of cuts on her body were too many. There was no way she would survive. 3

And I could no longer feel her bond with me. I stopped feeling it around the same time the video was filmed. This was further confirmation of what I wanted to deny. My mate was gone, my beautiful, sweet Ava. 1

Anger bubbles up as tears stream down my face. +

I should have protected her. I failed. That guilt created this monster. This man I had become—one who loathed himself and hated the world for taking away his only peace. +

Now, no one would have peace. I had made it my mission to find every member of The Underground. To kill anyone involved in her demise. And I had killed many. All except for the man truly responsible. The Butcher. Always one step ahead. We had been close last week, but somehow, he was alerted at the last minute, fleeing before we could capture him. Someone in the pack was helping him, but we couldn't find out who. While I had suspected my mother and Selene all those years ago, we never found any solid proof. And as time passed, I couldn't believe they would do something like that. Not after everything I went through. They wouldn't put me through that. I was sure of it. 7

An incessant pushing in my mind makes me growl. Samuel should know better. No one disturbed me when I was here. +

I open the link, allowing my annoyance to flow through. +

"My King, I am sorry for disturbing you. But you need to come to the southern border. Someone is here. They claim to have information you should hear and verify for yourself." +

"What information?" Samuel hesitates a long time before answering.+

"About Ava, My King." 3

The blood drains from my face as I stand up, my heart pounding until I can even hear it in my ears. I shift, and my wolf howls before claws dig into the sand, tufts of grass flying as I run through the forest. Perhaps this information would lead me to Ava's killer. The thought spurs me forward, the muscles in my body burning as I push myself, closing the distance until I am here, breaking through the tree line to see Samuel standing with a group of royal guards. +

I shift and take a pair of shorts one of the guards has ready for me.+

Fear overwhelms me. Not only from my guards but also from the wolf they are surrounding. +

They step aside, and the small female steps back, her eyes wide in shock and fear. +

She is no taller than 5'2" with short brown hair and big brown eyes. +

"What information do you have for me?" The question comes out gruff, and she stumbles backward, almost tripping over a small rock. In the distance, I can see a small, beat-up Ford. +

"My-my King. The Queen..." The she-wolf stutters, her hesitation making me impatient.+

"Spit it out," I growl, unable to keep my cool. +

"She is in trouble." +

I look at Samuel, who looks at me with the same confusion I feel. Confusion that is morphing into rage.+

"The Queen is dead." 1

The she-wolf looks between Samuel and me before whispering words that make my stomach turn and my heart nearly stop.+

"She is alive." 17

Please don't forget to comment and vote! +

This body of work is available exclusively on Wattpad. If you're viewing it on a different website or under a different username, it has been illegally stolen, and you may be at risk of malware. Please do not support these sites, as writing a book takes long hours of hard work and effort. Head over to Wattpad and let me, the original author, know if you encounter this situation by finding me @greenwitchwrites.1

Ava+

He stood her up. This little angel, who has been nothing but brave and strong during her short life, has big tears running down her cheeks. I can understand him taking his frustration out on me, but Aliana doesn't deserve this. +

"Little bean, don't cry. Daddy said he would make it up to us tomorrow. But I have a surprise for you." I know this will get me into trouble, but I don't care. This is Aliana's special day. She deserves to be happy, even just for a moment.+

"We are going out. Just you and me." Aliana's tears dry up nearly immediately, her sobs subsiding as an incredulous look appears on her face.+

We had not been out together before. Forbidden in case The Black Death finds us. Jerry assured me that if he found us, he would kill Aliana and then me. But the place I planned to take her to was off the beaten path, and the woman who owned it knew us. She called me earlier, as if sent by the angels themselves, to ask if I was coming to the cafe today. Jerry and I stopped there occasionally. But never with Aliana. She never even knew I had a child. No one did. 7

It would be quick. Just a quick stop to have some tea and cake, and then we could come back here. +

"Really. Just you and me?" Aliana squeals and then jumps up and down before running around the house and grabbing her little pink backpack.+

"We will have to walk, but I will carry you on my back so your new shoes don't get dirty." I grab my purse and then throw on some shoes. I'm glad I only wore a yellow summer dress, not the red cocktail dress I initially held up. +

The walk through the forest is lovely, and Aliana chatters nearly the entire way. Asking me questions about where we are going and what kind of tea they will have. Whether the cake will be chocolate or vanilla.+

While that is a distraction, nothing hides the tightening in my chest the further away I get from our little safe haven and the closer we get to Georgia's café. I pray this is not a premonition of something terrible. But the feeling isn't exactly ominous. It is like a magnet. Like I am being pulled toward something. 1

Aliana must sense something, too, as she becomes quieter the closer we get.+

"Did you pay attention to the way here? Will you know how to get back home?" I ask her, pushing a strand of curly black hair behind her ear when I set her down on the ground. I can see the café across the road, and Georgia's beat-up old Ford pulled into the driveway on the side. 2

Big grey eyes peer behind me in the direction we came from. 4

"Yes. I think I know. Why, mommy?" She looks worried, and I put my finger between her brow, smoothing the little wrinkle. I don't want her to worry about anything. +

"Nothing. I just want to be sure. I love you, Aliana." I stroke her cheek and then kiss her brow before straightening up.+

"Let's go eat cake!" Aliana jumps at this and then giggles as we proceed towards the café. The colorful flowers in pots out front always make me feel at ease.

That ease disappears as soon as I enter the café. The scent hits me, making my chest ache. +

Gingerbread at Christmas time. My eyes close, and my wolf purrs. Something about this scent appeals to her as catnip does to a cat. 8

I want to roll in it. I want to be consumed by it. +

Aliana pulls on my dress from behind as I stand frozen at the entrance. And then I open my eyes. My gaze locks on the owner of this scent. A man so big, so beautiful, and so full of rage that I lose my breath. He is tall. At least 6'5". His muscles twitch as my eyes sweep over them. He is all muscle. Bulky and brutal. And that face. Sharp jaw covered in a bit of stubble and a slightly sharp nose. And lips that I think could be beautiful if they smiled but that are currently pulled into a hard, thin line. 6

I know this face. I have stared at it, memorizing every line in the now-worn photo I have tucked under my mattress. It is a face that equally intrigues and terrifies me. It has been in my dreams every night for four years. +

The Black Death. He is here. 1

Braiden+

It is her- my Ava, my Queen. I inhale deeply, her scent of sweet apples and pine cones engulfing me and knocking the breath from my lungs.+

She is frozen in place, as am I. Her olive-green eyes, which have haunted my dreams and nightmares, sweep my body as mine do hers. She is all 5'6" of perfection. I almost cannot believe my eyes.+

She is wearing a figure-hugging yellow sundress, her curves even better than in my dreams. Her brown hair is pulled into a high ponytail, much longer than when I last saw her. Her cheeks are rosy red, matching her lips, which twitch nervously. +

And then, as suddenly as time seemed to stop, the look on Ava's face morphs into terror, and everything unfreezes.+

"Aliana, run!" All I see is a blur behind her, and then Ava turns and shifts.+

Fully shifts. Without pain or hesitation. And she is majestic. White fur, white eyes. White from the tip of her nose to her tail. And big. Nearly as big as I am in my wolf form.+

The royal guards who have surrounded the area are already in pursuit, led by Samuel.+

When I shift, and my wolf catches his mate's scent, a switch is flipped. A howl rips free, and then the chase is on. I don't know why she is running from me, but she will not escape. She will never again leave my side. +

She is fast, but so am I. She is also slowing down purposefully. Staying between whoever is in front of her and me. Which allows my royal guards and Samuel to get in front of them, effectively cutting their way forward off. By the time I get to the clearing they have been herded to, Ava's loud growl is deafening. Her hackles are up, and her claws are fully extended as she curls her body around the smaller wolf—one who has not shifted. I cannot see who it is, but the scent is familiar. Similar to Ava but different at the same time. +

Whoever this is, Ava is protective. So protective that she has already wounded one of my guards who ventured too close. She has an utterly wild look in her eye.+

My stomach drops as it dawns on me. I have seen this behavior before in our pack when a mother feels like her cub is threatened.+

No. It can't be. She had a child. But whose. I feel sick to my stomach thinking of her with someone else. Some other man touching her. Mating with her. Had he marked her? Had she marked him like she had me? I didn't think my heart could break twice. Didn't think I even had a heart. But whatever is left shatters, almost bringing me to my knees. At the same time, Ava yelps as if she, too, is in pain.1

My wolf growls, and Ava's ears perk up. The wild look in her eyes morphs into recognition as she looks at me. +

And then I hear it—the voice of a little girl.+

"Mommy, mommy. Don't worry. He won't hurt us."+

Ava paws at the ground and then whines, a small hand reaching up to stroke Ava's cheek.+

Then she moves, and the little girl comes into view. My heart stops as I take her in. Grey eyes meet mine while wild, curly black hair frames a face made by the angels. My world explodes and changes forever as she whispers into the forest air. +

"Look, Mommy. It's daddy." 75

Please don't forget to comment and vote!+

This body of work is available exclusively on Wattpad. If you're viewing it on a different website or under a different username, it has been illegally stolen, and you may be at risk of malware. Please do not support these sites, as writing a book takes long hours of hard work and effort. Head over to Wattpad and let me, the original author, know if you encounter this situation by finding me @greenwitchwrites.+

Ava1

It takes me a while to register what Aliana is saying. But when she pushes the words down our mind link, I finally hear them.1

"Mommy, stop. He won't hurt us. It's daddy. He finally came."+

I look around at the pack of wolves surrounding us. We are outnumbered. There was no way I could get us out of this. Dammit! I should never have ventured out. Now we are in this mess, and The Black Death will kill us.+

This delusion Aliana is under that the same man here to destroy us is her father is so far-fetched and unbelievable that I don't know where it comes from.2

The Black Death once again draws my attention. I can now understand why he is called that. He is pitch black from the tip of his nose to his tail. The irony that he is the exact opposite of my wolf is not lost on me. In another life, we might even have been the perfect match.7

But I cannot imagine this man matched to anyone. He is all hatred and anger. But also sad. It hovers around him like a sickness, and for a moment, I almost feel bad for him. Almost. Then Jerry's words come crashing down on me and everything he said The Black Death would do to us. +

The problem is that as he moves and the breeze sweeping through the forest picks up his scent, the way it makes me feel when it drifts my way is so delicious. It's like the best thing I have ever smelled. My wolf wants to rub against him, and it is taking everything in me not to act on that desire. Desire that I can't help taints my scent. I know he picks it up as he whines and then growls, the sounds appealing to a primal part of my wolf that I have never experienced before.+

The Black Death dips his head toward one of his unshifted guards carrying a backpack, who drops it behind a tree nearby. With one look that almost warns me not to make a move, he disappears behind it. Minutes later, he reappears, shifted, and dressed in grey joggers and a black t-shirt. Clothes that accentuate everything on a man like this. Wolf form or human form, he is still big and intimidating.+

"Ava, it's me." The familiarity of his voice and a name I do not know washes over me in a way that makes me long for a time I do not remember. A time that does not exist.+

Ava. For some reason, that name suits me better than the one I was born with. I cringe thinking that.+

"She doesn't know that name. Her name is Avril." Black Death's face softens when he looks at the little girl holding onto my white fur. And then I swear I see an emotion I have sometimes seen on my face in the reflection of a mirror when I think of Aliana. Love. But that is impossible. 1

"And your name?" He takes a step toward us slowly and with his palms up.+

"My name is Aliana." My daughter smiles at the man like he is a hero.+

"That's a beautiful name for a beautiful girl. How old are you, Aliana?" Black Death takes another slow step in our direction, his nearness bringing with it his scent. It's so delicious and so familiar.+

"It's my birthday today. I am three! Look, my mommy bought me this new dress and these shoes." Aliana lets go of my fur and twirls around, her curly black hair spinning in the wind while she smiles happily, unaware of how dangerous this situation is for us. While pups grow and mature quicker than human children, I am reminded in this moment of just how small my little girl still is. How shielded she has been from the world. Especially with us living out here with minimal outside contact. Could this be why she was so freely telling The Black Death things that I doubted he cared about? And yet, when I look at him, he intently listens to her like he cares what she has to say—luring her in with some false charm or something.1

"Don't tell him anything, Aliana. Remember what Daddy said." +

Aliana stops spinning and then frowns, her hands fisting at her side.+

"Jerry isn't my daddy. He is," Aliana says, pointing to the man looking at my daughter with so much affection I almost think he believes this nonsense, too.+

"He cannot be Aliana. We have never met before." +

Before she can respond, the man who is now properly invading my senses as he takes yet another step towards us, speaks. +

"Tell your mom to shift. We need to talk, and I cannot do it when she is like this. I promise I won't hurt you. Either of you." He looks at me as he says the last words. I don't believe him, but what other option do I have? There are too many of them. With Aliana still too young to shift, I would need to escape when my chances were better. +

"She won't shift here without clothes. But," Aliana says excitedly before I can stop her, "our house is close. She can shift there. And then I can show you my new teddy bear I got for my birthday!" She claps her hands together and jumps up and down, her excitement even making the guard nearby smile. 5

"I would love to see your new teddy. Let's go. You lead the way." The Black Death smiles at Aliana and then looks at me expectantly. With a huff and a warning growl, I turn around and nudge Aliana toward our house. If the fact that he wanted me dead wasn't enough, my growling at The King of Werewolves would definitely not go unpunished.+

Great, if we survived this, we would have to move. That's if I could get away. +

"He found us mommy. Now I don't need to go to a new school. We can go live with Daddy," she whispers to me, her small hand holding onto the fur of my leg. +

"You don't know what you are saying, Little Bean. This is a bad man, Aliana. You mustn't trust him." 1

Aliana shakes her head vigorously, clearly not accepting what I am saying.+

"You will see mommy. Its Jerry. He is the bad man." +

The Black Death growls behind us, clearly overhearing Aliana and not liking what is said.3

The walk to Georgia's café seemed shorter than this stress-filled walk back home. Did she know about this? I think back to all the times we went there, suddenly looking at things anew. All the glances between her and Jerry. The way she always seemed nervous around him. Was it coincidental, or was there more to this than meets the eye? I always just trusted Jerry, but could there be something here that I was not seeing?1

I shiver thinking about it and then set the thought aside because it just couldn't be possible.+

When our little house comes into view, I am both elated and sad. Aliana and I had created memories here. This was our home. And now we would undoubtedly need to leave. Where would we go? And what would Jerry do? I wonder if he knows what is happening. Maybe he will send help. He would definitely come looking for us.+

I'm so wrapped up in my thoughts that before I know what is happening, Aliana has let go of my fur and is running up to The Black Death, who is a mere couple of steps behind us. My heart nearly stops, and the fur on my back rises as my motherly instincts kick in. The Black Death is enamored, looking at her like she is the most interesting thing he has ever seen. And then she reaches up, innocent like a lamb, and wraps her hand around his forefinger and middle finger, all that will fit in hers comfortably. +

"Are you going to take us with you, Daddy?"+

The Black Death smiles, melting under my daughter's big grey eyes, focused on him like a laser.+

"Yes, I am. I am here to take you and Mommy home, back where you belong." Aliana smiles and squeals, jumping with excitement. +

The Black Death smiles at Aliana. A smile that transforms his face. While it was handsome before, this is breathtaking. Even Aliana stops jumping, her mouth dropping open in awe.+

"Daddy. Your eyes. They are like mine," she whispers, pointing to her eyes to reinforce her words.1

His gaze shifts to me and roots me to the spot. It is like looking into a mirror. His eyes are the same as Aliana's. Exactly. A carbon copy. +

And then he says a word that sends a delicious shiver down my spine and evokes déjà vu so strong I whimper. +

"Mine."3

Please don't forget to comment and vote!21

This body of work is available exclusively on Wattpad. If you're viewing it on a different website or under a different username, it has been illegally stolen, and you may be at risk of malware. Please do not support these sites, as writing a book takes long hours of hard work and effort. Head over to Wattpad and let me, the original author, know if you encounter this situation by finding me @greenwitchwrites.+

Braiden1

A dream and yet not. My fingers run through silky, soft, curly black hair, telling me this is real. The sleeping angelic face, the perfect mixture of Ava and me, rests on my thigh, and the little snore that comes from her is probably the cutest thing I have heard in my entire life. I cannot help the smile that splits my face—the first genuine smile in years.+

And then there is the woman who has tormented me for four years. She finally gave in to exhaustion. But not without a fight. She fought me when I told her she needed to shift in front of me and that I wouldn't let her out of my sight. She fought me when we packed up all their belongings. She fought me when I insisted we drive in the same car. She even fought me with her eyes when our daughter snuggled close to me, falling asleep with her head on my thigh. +

Any doubt that this was indeed my Ava flew out the window when her hands flew onto her hips. That familiar stance she had taken with me on so many occasions before made me smile, and that action just made her angrier. +

Even now, as I look over at her, a frown still mars her sleeping face. Her hand protectively rests on Aliana's back. She has been a good mother. I can tell. Aliana is bright and beautiful, just like her mother. 1

Motherhood has also changed Ava's appearance. Physically, she is softer, and her hips are rounder. She is fucking gorgeous. My hand twitches with the need to touch her, but for some reason, she does not know who I am. Or at least the version of me that she knows is warped. Lacking intimacy as if we have never met. +

I pull the picture of me she had hidden under her mattress out of my pocket. It is faded and nearly torn in places from the years of handling. It was a picture of me at a conference I attended a little over three years ago. This is the picture she has of me. Black eyes, sullen expression. A dead soul encased in a body. No wonder she is afraid of me.1

I fold the picture and return it to my pocket. There was much to understand, but I also know the next few days will be difficult. On everyone. I need to understand what happened. So much had been taken from us, and someone had to pay.+

"My King, as requested, the pack has been told to make themselves scarce when we arrive. We have not told your parents and Selene what is happening, though I must warn you, they have been making a scene. They can obviously sense, along with the whole pack, that something is going on. We will keep them away until you decide."+

Samuel's words invade my mind as I meet his gaze in the rearview mirror. With a nod, we approach the pack house. +

As already mentioned, not a wolf is in sight. +

The vehicle stopping immediately wakes Ava, who jumps with fright, her eyes frantically darting around the car until they land on Aliana. She sighs in relief and then looks out the window, taking in our surroundings.+

"This is the royal pack lands." She states rather than asks, a frown drawing her brows together. Does she remember something? I want to know, but I don't ask. Pushing her now might push her away from me. +

Samuel opens her car door, making her jump. +

"My Queen." Samuel's greeting is met with confusion. She looks at me and exits the vehicle before popping her head back into the car and reaching for Aliana. +

"I'll take her." I don't give her a chance to argue, as I know she will, as I gently scoop Aliana up and exit the vehicle. +

"Ava!" Nick comes running up behind Samuel, tears already streaming down his face.+

Ava looks shocked as Nick envelopes her in a hug. While she doesn't cry, tears brim in her eyes. She remembers him. +

"Nick? What are you doing here? And why are you calling me Ava? My name is Avril." Ava pulls back, the confusion and emotion in her voice making my heart break. +

"What do you mean what am I doing here? I'm mated to Samuel. And your name is Ava. Don't you remember?" Samuel mind-links Nick, probably telling him Ava has no memory of what happened.+

Realization dawns on Nick as he nods.+

"Something happened to you. But we should get you settled in before we get into it. I'm just glad you're alive. We thought you were dead." Nick hooks his arm through Ava's, and it breaks my heart. I can see and almost feel the utter confusion engulfing her. She doesn't know what is happening. She doesn't know she has been tricked. Deceived. She looks behind her, gazing at Aliana and then me before snapping her gaze away. +

It hurts me, but this isn't her fault. Whatever this is, has been done to her. Been done to me. I have missed out on her being pregnant, on the first years of our daughter's life, for fucks sake. +

Aliana stirs in my arms as I hug her tighter, and Samuel puts a reassuring hand on my shoulder.+

"My King. We will find out who did this. I swear on my life." Samuel has stood by me all this time. While I have been a complete asshole, he has been here, taking it. I feel ashamed of myself. 5

"Don't, My King." He shakes his head, understanding my feelings without words. +

"You thought you lost her, your mate. I think you handled it better than I would." I smile at him and pat him on the shoulder, this bit of affection shocking him as he stiffens in surprise before relaxing.+

"I appreciate your graciousness, Samuel. But I know it has not been easy for you. I have not been easy. Thank you for staying by my side." Samuels eyes water with emotion and make me feel even guiltier. I have not shown him how much he means to me. I always just assumed he knew. I would do better. Be better. I would have to be, with Ava by my side and our daughter. For everyone. 1

"Everything has been arranged," Samuel says as we approach my house. Our house. I now had a family to share it with. +

Nick and Ava stop just outside the front door before Nick carefully unhooks his arm from Ava's. Panic suffuses her expression.+

"You're not going." Ava's voice is bordering on hysterical as she looks from Nick to me and then back again. She is nervous. Understandably. Nick smiles and then takes a step back. +

"This feels like déjà vu. I remember the first time I left you here, and look how that turned out," he jests, pointing from Ava to Aliana. Ava blushes, and Nick laughs before patting her on the arm and leaving with Samuel.+

"You will be fine. He doesn't bite...hard."  Ava gasps at Nick's parting words and then turns her back to me. I smile, enjoying her flustered reaction. She must feel there is something between us. She just doesn't know what or why. Things have been confused for her by others, and I plan on setting them straight. +

"Do you want to get the door?" I ask her, trying to keep the humor from my voice and failing.+

She huffs and then steps towards the door before opening it. +

Then she gasps, tentatively stepping inside.+

"You live here? By yourself?" I step beside her, trying to see my place through her eyes. I suppose coming from her tiny house in the forest to this must be pretty jarring. I forget she cannot remember all of this. +

"Not anymore." I don't bother waiting for her reaction, which I already know will be exasperation, before heading upstairs towards the spare bedroom, which has been converted into a room for Aliana. Her items from her home already placed in it to make it feel more homely and familiar. +

I place her in the large bed, big enough for Ava or me to sleep in if needed. I suspect this is where she would want to sleep in any case.+

"I will sleep here." Ava's eyes dart around the room, lasering in on the window.+

"Don't try it, Ava. The place is fully alarmed, and my royal guards have surrounded it—not only to keep you here but also for your protection. Whoever took you from me took you for a reason. They will want you back. Besides, you wouldn't take Aliana out in the middle of the night in an area you don't know. The Underground has ramped up abductions. No werewolf roaming around alone is safe at the moment." +

Her face scrunches up in confusion, and then her hands are on her hips.+

"Firstly, my name is Avril, not Ava. Secondly, I know how to protect my daughter. I have been doing it for the past three years. Thirdly, The Underground was looking after me. Protecting me from you. They don't take wolves against their will. Wolves go to them willingly. Jerry told me." +

The confidence in her words infuriates me, as does this man she seems to trust over me. The same man who was probably part of her abduction. Who put these false words coming out of her mouth in her head to begin with. Maybe even the man who had threatened Ava all those years ago. Words that had repeated in my head over and over tormenting me. Maybe Jerry was the butcher I had been looking for.+

"You are looking for me, but I will find you first. You are mine, Ava. Soon, we will be together again."+

I take some steps towards her, her hands falling from her hips as she steps backward, the fear in her eyes killing me. +

"Your name is Ava. You were born with that name. I will show you your birth certificate and passport. Left behind when The Underground you are standing here defending, took you from me. The Underground that experiments on our kind—men, women, even children, Ava. Children like our daughter," I say, looking over at Aliana, sleeping peacefully in her bed.+

"The same Underground that implanted silver into your body poisoning you to the point of death and then, if that wasn't enough, poisoning you again with every manner of human illness—a walking cure to sell to the highest bidder. Think carefully about what they have been doing to you while they have been 'caring' for you. Filling your head with lies to make you complacent."+

I take more steps towards her as she takes steps backward until she finally meets the resistance of the wall. +

"Filling your head with lies about who you really are. Queen of The Werewolves," I close the distance between us, leaving only an inch of space as her eyes widen like saucers. +

Our scents overwhelm us, mingling so close together. It's intoxicating, and even she cannot hide its effect on her. +

"Who I am to you." I lift my finger, and she flinches. +

And then I touch her face softly, the sparks I never thought I would feel again burning between us. Confusion flashes in her eyes as she inhales sharply, understanding what this means. I pull my collar to the side, showing her my mark. The mark that matches her teeth exactly. The words echo around the room, a bombshell to her in the silence.2

"Mine. Mate." +

Please don't forget to comment and vote! 7

If you would like to support me, you can find me on Patreon here, where I am 8 or 9 chapters ahead with this story.+

https://www.patreon.com/greenwitchwrites (Search for me in Google if you can't find me as my stuff is rated 18+ and you won't find me searching in Patreon)+

If you would just like to support me once off you can buy me a coffee here https://www.buymeacoffee.com/greenwitchwrite+

All donations and Patreon subscriptions go towards publishing fees for my book, Scorching Sienna, which I am busy writing and hope to release on Kindle early this year.+

The dream is to write full time :) Thank you for being here and being the inspiration behind that dream.+

+

This body of work is available exclusively on Wattpad. If you're viewing it on a different website or under a different username, it has been illegally stolen, and you may be at risk of malware. Please do not support these sites, as writing a book takes long hours of hard work and effort. Head over to Wattpad and let me, the original author, know if you encounter this situation by finding me @greenwitchwrites.+

Ava1

"Mine. Mate." +

It cannot be, and yet his touch against my cheek yesterday lingers even now. And then there is his scent. It is in every inch of this house, taunting me with its effect on my body and senses. I prickle, feeling as if I am constantly on edge. Every cell in my body buzzes with a vibrancy, a vitality that was missing until days ago. +

Aliana woke up a short while ago, and after taking a long overdue shower on both of our parts, she is now running around her room and touching everything. She opens drawers and pulls out clothing that is somehow there—in Aliana's size. She squeals as she pulls out a pretty blue and white dress with little white flowers dotting the bottom half. It is exquisite. +

"Mommy, look. Can I put it on?" Big grey eyes plead with me, and while I want to say no, want her not to accept these things in this room, I can't tell her not to.+

"Fine. But you are only borrowing it. We won't be staying here forever. Don't get comfortable."1

Those words are met with the bedroom door swinging open and The Black Death waltzing into the room like he owns it—which I suppose he does—but still. +

"It's yours. And get as comfortable as you want because you won't be going anywhere." I roll my eyes at his arrogance.+

"I see you have forgotten what happens when you roll your eyes. We will have to start from scratch. But I don't mind." The way he says these words sends a shiver down my spine, and I frown at the reaction, my traitorous body and my mind on opposite sides. I needed to get them in sync. This was the enemy we were interacting with. 11

He smiles at Aliana, who matches his with one of her own, the two of them looking like little replicas of each other. I want to deny that he is Aliana's father, but even I must admit the resemblance is uncanny. I would need a paternity test to be absolutely sure. And what if it was true? I can't even go there. The panic that that thought evokes almost sends me into a full-blown panic attack—one thing at a time. +

He shifts his attention to Aliana, who struggles to zip her dress. His massive hands deftly work the zip, and in no time, he has her zipped up and spinning while she holds his index finger. He is a natural, and my stomach tightens as I watch them together. She was never like this with Jerry. This comfortable. This free. She giggles, and I take the distraction she creates to peruse the man who, by all accounts, seems to be my mate and Aliana's father. A lethal combination, if that is indeed accurate.+

He is wearing a pair of faded blue jeans and a black T-shirt. No biggie. On a twiggy. Any average man would look unremarkable in that ensemble. But the way Mr. Muscles over there, hunched down to test the limits of the stitching of said jeans, fills them in, is far from ordinary. His body is a mass of muscles and testosterone, delicious and appealing. I can't help but compare him to Jerry, who fails miserably in comparison. Then there is his face, which has not been done justice by the photo I had tucked under my bed. Probably left behind as we were taken with such haste. Yet I had memorized his face. At night, when Aliana was asleep in her bed, I would take the photo out, and like a dirty secret, I would wonder what it felt like to be kissed by that mouth. For that mouth to be all over my body. Dammit, I hated how he made me feel—lusting after the enemy like I was now. But even in that worn photo, he called to me. Just like he does now in the flesh.4

The Black Death smirks and then looks at me, making my cheeks flame a red so bright I turn away from him, afraid he can read my thoughts. I swear I even hear him chuckle as I do, the sound infuriatingly attractive. 2

God, I must get out of this room and away from him. +

"Aliana will spend the day with the other children at the school." His voice directly behind me makes me jump, and when I turn around, he has my daughter in his arms. +

"Mommy, your cheeks are red." Aliana's little finger points at my face, and her voice is concerned. The Black Death smirks, making me feel even hotter under his scrutiny.+

"It's the heat in here. Must be the lack of oxygen due to someone's inflated ego," I mumble, stepping away from The Black Death to create some space. 1

Better. +

"I don't think it's a good idea for us to be apart," I say, pointing at my little angel, "or that Aliana becomes too comfortable here."+

My tone contains a warning that he chooses to ignore and which my daughter clearly doesn't recognize.+

"A school? With other girls and boys! Oh, Mommy, please, please, can I go." Huge grey puppy dog eyes stare at me, and my resolve crumbles, a big sigh indicating as much. She knows this as she squeals out in delight.+

"Yay. Can we go now? How many children are there? Can I take my new teddy bear? Will the other children like me?" Aliana fires off question after question as they exit the bedroom and head downstairs. The way The Black Death is with Aliana, his patience and affection, is chipping away at the defensive wall I have created. No. I must not be deceived.1

Nick's voice saying Aliana's name makes me smile. Thankfully, someone I know. He will be my ally in this and get me out of here.+

"Nick and Samuel will take you to school. One of them will be there with you the whole time in case you need anything."+

Nick swings Aliana in the air, her laughter filling the space and making me smile even under the circumstances.+

"Damn Ava, she looks just like you and her-" Samuel clears his throat, halting Nick, who looks at him and then nods.+

They are mind-linking. That means Nick is part of this pack. I wonder why this didn't dawn on me yesterday, but it becomes clear as I look at him and the way he is looking at Samuel. +

"You are mates," I say quietly, realization hitting me like a ton of bricks. When I try to think back to the last time I saw Nick, I can't. Until I saw him yesterday, I actually hadn't thought about him once in the previous four years. How is that possible? We are best friends. I remember him from when we were in my home pack, but when I try to pinpoint a time before Aliana was born, I cannot. And until yesterday, it was like he didn't even exist.+

"Are you okay, Ava?" The Black Death steps towards me, and I step back, swatting my hand in the air.+

"My name is Avril. My name is Avril." Breathing is becoming hard as panic sets in. +

"Aliana, go to the school with Uncle Samuel. We will look after Mommy, okay?" The Black Death's voice comes to me from far away as the world starts spinning.+

"Ava, breathe." His hands are on my shoulder as breathing becomes more difficult. I try to remember, but nothing comes to me. Why can't I remember anything? +

Then everything goes black. +

I don't know how much time passes before I hear mumbling again.+

"What is wrong with her? Is it the silver?" It's The Black Death's voice.+

"No. That video they sent must have been real. All the silver has been removed from her body. Her blood toxicity level is normal—as normal as you or I. She does, however, have antibodies that make her extremely valuable to the human world—to The Underground. They will not be happy to have lost her. She holds the cure to nearly all major human diseases known to man." This voice, while familiar, is not a voice I know. +

I must be in a hospital. I can smell the antiseptic. +

"That must be why they kept her alive. What did they do to her memories? She can't remember me. She can't remember being here in this pack. Everything is gone." The Black Death sounds truly anguished, and I actually feel sorry for him for a moment. +

"Dr. Lewis says they must have blocked her memories. She will assess her when she is awake." +

What if what they were saying was right? What if The Underground had taken me and done this to me? That would mean that Jerry was actually one of them. 1

I think back, trying to remember my first memory of him. The thing is that when I do, there is a memory preceding the last four years—one memory—but it was when I was young—around seven years old. It crashes down on me, vividly appearing as if it happened just yesterday.+

A lady was holding my hand, leading me towards an office. She told me that I would meet a man in a mask. That I mustn't be afraid. +

She knocks on the wooden door, and the voice on the other side sounds rough and mean.+

"Come in!" It is scary.+

"I don't want to go in there," I say to the lady, taking a step back. She is getting irritated with me, but I can't help it. I am afraid. So afraid that I start crying. +

"No, please! I don't want to!" I pull my hand away but fall backward before trying to crawl away.+

I don't make it far before the door swings open, and rough hands grab my ankles painfully, pulling me into the office.+

"You're mine, Ava." It is not the voice I am afraid of. This one is younger—maybe fourteen years old—and calling me a name I now recognize as my own. +

When I turn my head to see who it is, brown eyes stare back at me. And a cruel smile is plastered on the boy's face.

A boy's face I now recognize, even as a man. One whose scent has been around me for the last four years confirms it as the pieces fall into place. +

Jerry. 12

Please don't forget to comment and vote!1

This body of work is available exclusively on Wattpad. If you're viewing it on a different website or under a different username, it has been illegally stolen, and you may be at risk of malware. Please do not support these sites, as writing a book takes long hours of hard work and effort. Head over to Wattpad and let me, the original author, know if you encounter this situation by finding me @greenwitchwrites.+

Braiden1

Ava is thrashing around, tears streaming down her face. Then her eyes fly open, revealing the white of her wolf. She bolts out of the hospital bed and then shifts. She looks at me, and in her white eyes, so much is revealed. Anger. Sadness. Confusion. She doesn't stick around, bolting through the door and down the passage, shrieks and shouts heard in her wake as she leaves the hospital. Luckily, it is the one on pack land, not in town. +

I give the order for her to be left alone before shifting and following after her. +

She runs, tracking our scents as she heads back towards our house. She sticks to the forest, circling our home and towards the forest behind it. +

I hear her before I see her, a loud howl that leaves birds fluttering in the air and little animals running for shelter. It is a soulful howl that can be felt throughout the pack. +

It's filled with all the emotions I saw in her eyes. Something must have happened. I wish I knew what. +

I'm slow entering the clearing she is pacing in. I don't want to push her away, and maybe she will be more accepting of my presence in this form. More accepting of who I am to her. But I must give her some space. Let her come to me. +

Her senses are impeccable, so she must already know I am here. She doesn't acknowledge me immediately but instead paws at the ground angrily, flaring her nostrils as he fur bristles. +

I wait, standing at the edge of the forest, until finally, her eyes meet mine. She whimpers, my wolf acknowledging it as a sign we are accepted here in this space. I smile. I can't help it. Little victories like this give me hope. All I want to do is hold her in my arms, comfort her, and make her feel safe. +

I take several steps forward, careful not to get too close before dropping to the floor. She is eyeing me warily, pacing around me. I close my eyes. This is a sign of trust. If she wanted to, she could pounce on me. This position left me disadvantaged, opening me up for an attack. I want her to know that in front of her, I am no threat. She holds the power. +

It takes longer than I expect but what happens when she finally accepts this truce is surprising. So much so that it takes all my willpower not to move. She lowers herself to the ground beside me, mimicking my pose, her body touching mine. A few minutes pass before I open my eyes and shift my head, hers now next to mine. She eyes me, but the weariness from before is gone. Then I lift my head and give her the only comfort I can in this form. I lick her face. Her eyes close, and she sighs, egging me on. +

I groom her. The act is so primal and intimate that it resonates with me on a level akin to making love. I have never groomed anyone in this form, but I had heard about it happening between mates. It is a different kind of bond—a different kind of connection. Even now, the sparks erupt at the touch, but in this form, it is filled with more. Like the mate bond can be tasted. And it is delicious. 3

She moves her head and nuzzles my neck, licking the spot she marked. The urge to sink my teeth into her, to leave her with a similar scar, is so strong, but I hold back. +

Hours pass like this until the sun is high, telling us it is midday. +

"My King, your mother, and Selene are making a scene at the packhouse. They insist on knowing your whereabouts and what is going on. They saw Aliana when we came for lunch..."+

Samuel is hesitating, trying to figure out what to say.+

"And what, Samuel?" +

"They must have sensed something was going on while trying to interrogate her. Asking her who she is and what she is doing here. And not very nicely. They made her cry." 7

Fuck, my blood is boiling. What is wrong with them, treating a three-year-old, my daughter, like that? 1

Ava can sense my anger as her head lifts, and she looks at me quizzically. We must go back to the house and then to the pack hall.+

I get up and then dip my head toward the house. I don't have time to waste, so I hope she will follow me there. Luckily, she does, and we are back home in no time. I shift first, bolting inside to get on some clothes before picking out something for Ava from her room. When I return downstairs, Ava stands in the lounge, one of the blankets from the couch covering her. +

The atmosphere is awkward. What happened in the forest has changed things. Her eyes are no longer as guarded, and there is a shyness that wasn't there before. Understandably. What we did was intimate. +

"We will talk about what happened, but we must go to the pack hall right now. Don't panic. Everything is okay. Aliana is there, but my mother and...one of the pack members are causing a scene." Fuck. How would I explain the Selene situation to Ava and make her understand? 2

"Okay, but if anyone hurts my daughter, they are dead. Just saying." Ava's eyebrows lift, and she pulls her mouth in a matter-of-fact, cute way. +

"Our daughter. And you can't kill them if I have killed them first." +

She rolls her eyes, grabbing the clothes from my hands before disappearing into the guest toilet downstairs to change. +

"That's two Ava!" I shout, remembering how the eye rolls ended before with my hand spanking that delicious rear. A rear that is currently walking towards me, the jeans I picked hugging her like a glove.+

"Let's go." She takes the lead, heading out the door first but slowing down so that I can fall in step next to her. Better. The torture of walking behind her in these jeans was real. +

"What's the deal with your mother?" If ever there was a question that could kill the mood, this was it. A question that is far from simple to answer. How do I tell her my mother has never liked or approved of her? +

"She is a difficult person. The years of being royalty have made her arrogant." +

"Like mother like son then," Ava laughs, the sound stopping me dead in my tracks.+

"What?" She asks, looking around as if something else has been the cause of my reaction.+

"Your laugh. I haven't heard it in years. It has haunted my dreams, but nothing is as good as reality. I have missed it so much." She blushes and then turns away, continuing on our path. +

I catch up, and she side-eyes me, the look in her eyes gentler. Not as harsh as when she first saw me.+

"So. Your mother. Have I met her before?" Damn, I would have to pull the band-aid off before we reached the hall. +

"You have. But Ava," I say, stopping again and putting my hands on her shoulders, forcing her to face me.+

"She has not always approved of you, which caused some problems before. Do not let that deter you. You belong here with me—both you and Aliana do. I made that clear before, and I will make it clear again. I will not lose you again. My mother will get used to the idea." +

Ava stares at me for a long time, mulling over what I have said and probably going over what has happened today. She must feel the sparks. She must know we are mates. She must also question what has happened to her and what the truth is.+

"I don't know you. What I have been told about you are all things that instill fear. But," her eyes land on where my hand is touching her shoulders.+

"There are a lot of things that don't make sense. I want to know the truth. I will stay for that long and then decide. It is all I can offer at the moment." +

My heart aches. It aches for what was taken from me. But Ava fell in love with me before. I can make her fall in love with me again. We can be a family. +

"Okay. We will take it slowly. But you cannot leave. It is too dangerous out there for you and Aliana alone." +

She nods, this tiny bit of common ground feeling like huge progress. It makes me smile, and Ava's eyes drop to my mouth. Unconsciously, she licks her lips and then blushes when she realizes this before turning back in the direction we are heading. +

The closer we get to the pack house, the louder the voices get. My mother is the loudest, followed by Samuel, who seems to be trying to calm her down. Finally, they come into view, along with the crowd who has gathered to watch the scene my mother is putting on.

"I don't care what he is doing. I demand to see him now!" Mother shrieks, stomping her foot on the ground for added effect. Selene stands beside her, looking angry but leaving the verbal sparring to my mother.+

Pack members see us before they do. +

Gasps followed by necks bared in submission. +

"My Queen, she has returned." Ava stiffens beside me as we near the group while whispered words reach our ears. +

"You see, they remember you." Ava is as shocked as they are. +

"Mommy, Daddy!" Louder gasps echo through the pack as Aliana, who is holding Nick's hand, runs toward us, her tear-streaked face tearing my heart in two. +

Ava drops to her knees, swinging Aliana into her arms as she reaches us. +

"What's wrong, little bean?" Aliana looks behind her, her eyes landing on my mother and Selene, both of them frozen, and my mother temporarily silenced by shock.+

"Those ladies are not very nice," she whispers, the tremor in her tone making me angrier. +

"What did you do?" I roar, pack members flinching as I storm toward the two people who feel they have the right to interrogate my daughter. To demand to see their King. No one orders me to do anything. +

 "What is she doing here?" my mother hisses, completely ignoring my question. The hatred on her face as she points at Ava tells me she would never accept her, even if it made me happy. She didn't care. 7

It hits me like a ton of bricks. Fuck. It's crystal clear. She never cared about me. Only about being royalty and being able to rule, even if it was just from behind the scenes. That's why she pushed Selene on me. She could control her. Manipulate her. Secretly, I think she enjoyed the pain I was in the last four years. It meant she had more control as I battled to keep myself together, let alone a kingdom. 5

Rage pushes my wolf forward, and I growl, finally catching my mother's attention. The hatred does not disappear even as she looks at me. +

"As of this moment, you are banished from the royal pack. Stripped of your royal title. If I could but strip you of the title mother, I would." She gasps, her face falling in shock. +

"You wouldn't dare." She takes a step back as Samuel steps forward. +

"I just did. You will be escorted from the pack property. If my father chooses, he can go with you. Don't you dare come back." 1

My heart aches a little, but I don't show it. Mother looks at me and then around her, none of the pack members meeting her gaze. +

Samuel grabs her arm as she shouts to be unhanded. +

"All this because of that bitch. Wait. They will come back for her, and when they do, they will kill her! Her blood is too valuable to them!" 24

Her words make even Samuel stop. We look at each other and then at her. She doesn't know about Ava's blood unless...my heart sinks and my blood boils as I look at the woman I have called mother all these years—the woman who was supposed to love me, the woman who should have my best interests at heart—all lies. 11

"It was you. You are the traitor."72

Please don't forget to comment and vote!+

This body of work is available exclusively on Wattpad. If you're viewing it on a different website or under a different username, it has been illegally stolen, and you may be at risk of malware. Please do not support these sites, as writing a book takes long hours of hard work and effort. Head over to Wattpad and let me, the original author, know if you encounter this situation by finding me @greenwitchwrites.+

Ava+

"The royal command doesn't work on her," Braiden says to Samuel, his hand running through his hair in utter frustration before fisting at his side again. 1

While he has stopped pacing in front of the large metal door leading into a stark white interrogation chamber, his frustration is no less evident. His rage fills the small space we are standing in, but another feeling sizzles on the outer edge of it. Hurt. Deep and coming from a place where long-term, life-altering impacts are seeded. His mother's betrayal would shake his foundation and make him question every person he trusts now. A shitty gift for a mother to give a son. Doubt and mistrust. +

As a mother, I cannot understand. I would give up my own life to save Aliana, so how could she have done this?+

I look through the small one-way window, the only one, at the horrible being eliciting such negative feelings in me. There is no remorse on her face, and it still holds the hatred it had when she exploded in front of the pack house earlier. Then I glance at the other chamber next to hers, the woman sitting there trembling with fear. Her face, which was perfectly made up just an hour ago, is now streaked with mascara, while her blotchy face and red nose allude to the tears she has been crying. This even before The Black Death has interrogated her. +

"Who is she?" I can't stop the question from slipping out of my mouth. My senses tell me she is more than just a she-wolf in this pack. +

The Black Death freezes, and then his gaze meets mine. I can already tell I'm not going to like this. +

"She is my fiancé. Ex-fiancé," he corrects when my eyebrow raises involuntarily.+

"Ex-fiancé since when?" My hands find their way onto my hips as jealousy bubbles up. I have no reason to be jealous, mate or not, since I haven't been around, but I can't help it. I am seeing red. +

The Black Death smiles, his eyes raking my stance and then locking with my gaze.+

"You're jealous." He dares to smile, and I blink a couple of times, trying not to get sucked into its brilliance and keep the edge of my annoyance.+

"Since I found you again, Ava. My mate." My heart misses a beat as I fathom what he is saying.+

"So, if you never found me, you would be mated to her? She is your chosen mate?" The hurt in my voice cannot be helped.+

Sensing it, The Black Death steps toward me as I drop my hands and step back.+

"Ava, you are my fated mate. She was a woman chosen by my mother. A woman I do not love but who my mother could manipulate and use to maintain power behind the scenes. It was not something I wanted, and I only agreed because the pack was falling apart. I have a responsibility to them as well." He takes another step towards me, and I take a step back. +

"When I lost you, I lost myself. I couldn't continue. It impacted everything. Everyone. Not just this pack but other packs as well. It seemed like the right thing to do at the time." +

I'm trying to understand but I feel hurt, the two feelings warring.+

"Do you love her, Black Death?" I call him by the only name I know, his eyebrows drawing together and telling me he does not like that name.+

"It's Braiden to you. And no, I don't love her. I love you, Ava."+

"What?" He sounds sincere, but I cannot understand it. He loves me. Hurt flashes across his features.+

"This is not the first time I have said this to you. And you have said it back to me before. You may not remember, but I do. The feeling is as real for me now as it was then. It hasn't faded or been wiped away. Just because you don't feel love for me doesn't mean I share that same feeling." His voice is flat. Hurt. I feel sorry for him, and he takes a step back when I step towards him. +

So this is how it feels when I do it to him. My heart aches, and tears prickle my eyes that I try to blink away—first his mother and now me. Guilt ravages me as I look at the man shutting down in front of me. Walls are coming up that I feel powerless to stop. 3

"Samuel, take Ava back to the house. I will be there shortly." He is looking through me now, and then he turns away from me, his eyes back on his mother. +

"My Queen," Samuel says softly, his face filled with remorse. For what I have said perhaps, or how I have made The King feel. 1

The walk back to our house is filled with silence as I try to figure out how to fix this. +

"I hope you will forgive me, but you must know some things." His omission of the usual 'My Queen' does not go unnoticed. He must be angry with me, too, or disappointed, or even worse.+

I look at him, an indication that he should continue.+

"My King almost died when you went missing. I think a part of him did die that day. He has always held so much guilt about what happened. He was supposed to protect you, and he didn't. No one actually blamed him, as the situation was out of our hands, but that is how he felt. How he still feels. He was truly happy with you for the first time in all the years of knowing him. And then to have you ripped from him like that. It destroyed him. He shifted and became the name you call him so easily, but that came at a cost to his soul. The Black Death. Perhaps if you understood you were the catalyst of that creation, you would have more sympathy for his situation." 9

Yes, Samuel is definitely angry with me. I don't blame him, as shame overwhelms me. I didn't try to understand. It has just been me, me, me. +

"Your loss forced him into a constant state of edginess, leaving his animal at the surface all the time. His eyes became that of his wolf, not changing back until he saw you and Aliana. Do you even understand how that must feel? To be in that state constantly? Fighting to be in control? It's torture. And I'm not saying what you went through isn't. I'm just saying that you weren't the only one that suffered. You lost your memories, and he lost you. His mate. And three years of his own daughter's life." 9

Damn, Samuel is going for the jugular. I look at the floor, his words sinking in until I feel so bad a lump has formed in my throat. 4

All that time lost. So much in my life that was out of my control. Out of his control. I was sick of it. +

While I kept asking myself why this had and was happening to me and to us, I had to start asking myself how to fix this. +

And then it dawned on me. Years gone, years missed. I couldn't bring them back, but I could close the gap.+

A little spark of hope has me stopping in my tracks.+

"Samuel, I need your help with something." Samuel is looking at me like I have lost my mind—the crazy smile on my face is probably the cause.+

I explain my plan to him, and by the end, he has a big smile. +

"So, what do you think? Will you help me?" +

I hold my breath, waiting for him to either tell me I am mad or say he will aid me in my scheme to win The Black Death, Braiden, back. Or at least put us back onto a path where he isn't constructing more walls to keep me out.+

"I love it! Let's get to the house and finish this before he gets home. Nick will want to be involved, and Aliana will, no doubt." +

Excitement fizzles in me, and then nervousness sets in as I start doubting my plan.+

What if he doesn't like it?+

"Don't start doubting yourself. He will love it." Wow. Nick's mate is a mind reader. He hugs me, and then we are running towards the house. 1

Time will tell, I think, heading into our house with renewed vigor. I stop, realizing what I have just said. +

Our house. This is our home now. The truth of that comes bounding up to me with a smile on her beautiful face, which has only become brighter since being here. She was never like this with Jerry. She was never like this, even in our little house in the forest. Something was always missing. I can feel it deep in my heart. Feel what it was longing for.2

Braiden.7

Please don't forget to comment and vote!+

This body of work is available exclusively on Wattpad. If you're viewing it on a different website or under a different username, it has been illegally stolen, and you may be at risk of malware. Please do not support these sites, as writing a book takes long hours of hard work and effort. Head over to Wattpad and let me, the original author, know if you encounter this situation by finding me @greenwitchwrites.+

Braiden+

"I'm sorry." The door to the interrogation chamber has barely creaked open when those words are tumbling out of Selene's mouth.+

"For what?" Her face changes to surprise, and then she schools her features. She thinks my mother has spilled. But she won't tell me anything, and as a royal and my mother, my command will not work on her. 2

"For what happened earlier with your mother." She lies straight to my face. Even her scent is untainted. That's how good she is at it. She learned from the best, so can I really be surprised? My mother has been lying to me for so long now that I feel angry at myself for only realizing this today. The benefit of the doubt has not worked in my favor. +

But how was I to know my mother was conspiring against me? She is my mother, after all. I expected her to be on my side, but her words from earlier allude to the fact that she isn't. The only side she is on is her own. I wonder how far she has dragged Selene into this with her. It looked like her remorse was about something else. Perhaps worried my mother had disclosed her involvement and implicated her in whatever convoluted scheme she had going on.1

"You're lying." Worry flashes across her face before she flicks her hair over her shoulder and shakes her head slowly.+

"I wouldn't lie to you, Braiden. You are my fiancé. I love you." The love part was the only truth in that sentence, and even that seemed washed with self-serving adoration. If I wasn't The King, I doubt it would be that strong or even exist at all. +

"You love what I can give you. What standing next to me means. You don't really and truly love me." Selene looks at the table, perhaps some guilt forcing her gaze from mine. 2

"My mother has told me everything." Her eyes flick up to meet mine as I circle the table, the stench of fear now engulfing me.1

"What are you going to do to me?" Her voice cracks, and she tries to grab my hand, but I step out of her way, circling her before coming to stand in front of her again. +

"What do you think I should do with a traitor like you? What you have done is unforgivable." I bluff, my voice icier than a fucking glacier, and anger burning through my veins. +

"Your mother made me do it. She said I would no longer have a place in the pack if I didn't, that once Ava was your Queen, I would be thrown out." Her voice is quivering, and fresh tears brim in her eyes. 1

"I want to hear it from you, Selene. I want you to tell me everything. Your only solace is that I am not commanding you to do it. It will be painful for you. It is painful to all rogues." +

With a snap of my fingers for effect, I break the bond with Selene, severing her ties with the pack. She falls from her chair, the physical pain from being exiled from the pack of her birth painful. Worse than childbirth I have heard. My mind goes back to Ava and Nick and how they were banished from their pack at a young age. The torture they must have felt breaks my heart. That feeling is missing when I refocus my gaze on the pitiful woman lying in a ball on the floor. 1

To think that I even considered making her my Queen. I feel sick to my stomach and more than a little sorry for my reaction to Ava's response earlier. Selene's mask had fallen, and her true self was disgusting. So much so that bile rises in my throat.4

"My mother's threat realized," I say, swallowing harshly and circling her again as I wait for her to catch her breath.+

"I won't ask nicely again, Selene." She shudders and then looks at me before clawing her way up and back onto the chair. She cradles her chest, the pain there still fresh, as can be seen from the contorted look on her face. +

"It started after you attended the gala at The Madison Hotel." I remember that evening, the event's highlight being my first kiss with Ava. That was also where the incident with Sir Ravensborough took place. +

"When you came back, The Butcher himself reached out to your mother. I'm not sure who she was usually dealing with for the abductions, but this was the first time he had contacted her himself. She was very excited." 7

"The abductions?" The absolute rage sizzling in my veins has me seeing red, and Selene draws back in her chair as my eyes turn black. +

"Your mother was supplying The Underground with wolves for their experiments." Selene's voice breaks as she struggles to get this information past her trembling lips.+

"Why would she do this?" Why would my mother do this to her own people? And how had I been so blind to this before? Guilt permeates my being as I think of all the wolves who have suffered at her hands and indirectly because I was too blind to see it. Fuck. And my mate.4

"The Butcher wanted Ava?" I growl, Selene's whole body now physically trembling. +

"Yes, but when your mother said it would be difficult as she was always around you, they came to a compromise." +

"To poison her." I finish, the feelings coming from her confirming this. Along with another truth.+

"You did that." She starts sobbing uncontrollably, her hands meeting in the middle as she begs.+

"I'm sorry, Braiden. I love you so much and couldn't bear seeing her and you together. I did it because I love you."+

"It's My King to you," I grit out, my wolf pushing forward, wanting to rip her head from her body. But we couldn't. Not yet. I needed to know everything. +

"Continue." I use the royal command on her, wanting her to feel the pain my Ava did. My mate.+

She howls out and then after a few minutes of catching her breath she finally speaks.+

"When your mother heard you were going to the abandoned compound in Blakely, The Underground saw an opportunity to take Ava. The plan was put into place. I swear, I wasn't involved in it," she pleads, falling to her knees as if that would strengthen her case. +

"But you knew about it. Did you know she was alive?" Her wide eyes tell me the truth. She has known all along.+

"And that she was pregnant?" More confirmation as tears stream down her face.1

"You saw how losing my mate cut me up, nearly destroyed me, and you did what? You took advantage of me while I was in that state? Used my pain? You fucking disgust me."3

"Please, Brai-My King, it wasn't like that!" She crawls on the floor towards me, tears streaming down her face and mixing with the snot from her nose. 1

I lunge, lifting her with one hand as her hands claw at my wrist for release. There is none to give. I am squeezing her throat so hard that her face is turning purple. +

"My King. Don't. We might need her if we are going to catch them."+

It's Samuel, his hand on my shoulder reassuring as he tries to soothe my wolf and calm me down. +

"We will make her pay. We will make them both pay. But not today. Ava needs you. Your daughter, too. They are waiting for you at home." +

Mention of my beautiful girls does the trick as I toss Selene against the wall, her unconscious but alive form flopping to the ground with a loud thud. 2

"Do something with her. With both of them. And bring my father in for questioning. I need to know if he was in on this." The thought that both my parents might be in on this breaks my heart. +

"I will do. My King," Samuel says, his tone drawing my attention.+

"So much time has been lost with you and Ava, with you and your daughter. I know it's hard, but try to set this aside when you see them. Make the moments that happen now memorable—in a good way." +

Samuel is right. I need to shake this anger off. The last thing I want is for either of them to be scared of me, and the way I feel now, I might achieve that if they see me like this. 1

"I'm going for a run. Send word I will be there in an hour." +

Samuel nods, and I don't bother waiting to get outside before I shift. +

I run. Fast and hard. Letting all the hurt and anger out as I tear through the forest. It is only when I get to the clearing I was in with Ava, where she and I had groomed each other, that I let it out. A howl. Similar to the one she released. Filled with all the emotions I cannot contain. The pack will hear it, but it cannot be helped. And they will know soon enough what has happened tonight. The betrayal we face. From someone so close. From family. 2

I sense her before I see her. My Ava, entering the clearing. She has not shifted, and in her hands, she holds a pair of shorts. +

She looks worried, her brows knitted together as she eyes me warily.+

"Shift, Braiden." Though it sounds like a demand, it isn't. She is asking this of me. I cannot deny her and so I walk over to her. She lifts the shorts, and after a long look, I take them with my mouth, disappearing around a tree to shift. +

She is waiting for me, her beautiful green eyes raking my face. Undressing all my emotions. +

She must see it there—the hurt, the anger. I stop in front of her, a foot or two separating us. Her eyes search my face while I wait. Whatever this is, it must come from her. +

Instead of stepping away from me as she has done so many times since I have found her again, she steps towards me, closing the distance between us. +

She hesitates before wrapping her arms around me, caging my arms to my side, and resting her head on my chest.+

"I'm sorry." Two words that pull at my heartstrings. Loaded with so much. I was sorry, too. For being naïve. For trusting. For the loss of so much. I clench my jaw as emotion surfaces, constricting my throat. +

Her hand strokes my back, and coupled with her scent and the sparks erupting everywhere, being in her small arms eases some of the constricting emotions. As seconds tick by, it even feels like I can breathe again.+

I lift my arms, freeing them so that I can embrace her back, the small sigh that leaves her such a beautiful sound in the silence.+

I nuzzle my face into her neck, needing to get closer. Needing my mate. My Ava. +

"Braiden," she says my name softly. So soft that I think I must be mistaken.+

"Braiden," she repeats, still holding me tightly.+

"I want you to do something for me." +

My girl is asking me for something. This is new.2

"Anything. I will do anything for you, Ava." +

She pulls back, her eyes drifting across my face before landing on the spot on my neck. Tentatively, she touches it, the feel of her finger on the mark she made pulling a growl from me. A possessive one.+

"I want that." I'm confused by her statement, sure she is not saying what I think she is. 1

"You want what?" I ask, watching as green eyes slowly return to meet mine. +

"I want you to feel me how I am now certain I can sometimes feel you."+

I blink a couple of times. Sure, this must be a mistake. But then she says it, her words confirming and granting me the one thing I have wanted since first laying my eyes on her. +

"I want you to mark me." 13

Please don't forget to comment and vote!2

This body of work is available exclusively on Wattpad. If you're viewing it on a different website or under a different username, it has been illegally stolen, and you may be at risk of malware. Please do not support these sites, as writing a book takes long hours of hard work and effort. Head over to Wattpad and let me, the original author, know if you encounter this situation by finding me @greenwitchwrites.+

Ava2

Silence. My request is met with silence, and I can understand why.+

I have been pushing Braiden away. As much as I could feel something about the last four years was off, I didn't want to believe it. I didn't want to acknowledge that there could be some truth to what he was saying. Admitting it felt like I had failed. Why hadn't I asked more questions? Why did I allow myself to be deceived? +

When I reflect on these questions, the answers elude me, but I know it was mainly because of the threat to Aliana's life. It had made me overly cautious and complacent. The so-called protection offered to me by Jerry and The Underground left me feeling like this. It appeared that under the right circumstances and with the correct leverage, prison, and protection looked a lot alike. But what had it cost me? The price now seemed high, especially for the man who was supposedly my mate. +

Even now, I can see him battling the confusion my words have caused him at this moment compared to my actions over the last couple of days.+

"Come." I take his hand and start leading him towards the house, surprised when he does not resist.+

He needed to understand where this request for him to mark me came from. It was also something that had only come up for me in the last couple of hours as we worked on the surprise we had planned for him. 2

I know the timing might be wrong, with him finding out his mother and ex-fiancé are traitors. But we had wasted so much time already. I also wanted to tie this in with Aliana's birthday, which we never got to celebrate properly. I'm sure Braiden would have wanted to celebrate it with her. +

By the time we get to the front door, I am a nervous wreck, second-guessing this plan. What if he didn't like it? What if it was too much?+

"What's wrong?" I realize we have been silently standing outside the door for over a minute. When I look up at him, beautiful grey eyes look down at me with concern. Dammit, he is gorgeous. It almost hurts looking at him. I can see where my obsession stemmed from.+

"I'm nervous. But there is something you should see. I know it won't compensate for the time lost, but maybe it can ease some of the hurt."+

I don't get a chance to continue as the door is flung open.+

"Daddy, you're here. We have a surprise for you," Aliana whispers, slipping her hand around Braiden's two fingers on his other hand. +

"Close your eyes." Braiden looks at me quizzically and then releases my hand before covering his eyes.+

Aliana leads Braiden into the house while Nick winks at me and gives me an excited thumbs-up before leaving. The little click of the door behind us solidifies that we are alone—just the three of us—in Braiden's house. In our house, I can already hear his voice echoing in my mind, correcting me.1

"Okay. You can look." Aliana squeals, barely able to contain her excitement.+

Braiden drops his hand, his eyes taking in the state of his living room. +

Fairy lights are strung from one side of the room to the other, some intersecting. Little pegs attached to the stings of lights hold up photographs, letters, Aliana's drawing, my paintings, and other keepsakes. +

Everything that made up our memories over the last four years was displayed. 2

Aliana pulls on Braiden's hand, forcing him out of the silent stone figure he has become. +

I walk behind him as he slowly walks past pictures of Aliana when she was days old, his finger brushing over her sleeping form before touching the next one. 4

Aliana sucking on a bottle, her little figure wrapped in a soft yellow blanket I still have. Aliana lying on her baby play mat with a big smile as she looks at a bee plushy toy hanging from the top. Aliana holding onto her baby walker trying to pry off one of the buttons. Alian on her first and second birthdays. +

Picture after picture, spanning every phase of our daughter's life. I realize then that I don't even doubt she is his. The way they are together, her scooped up and sitting on his hip as she animatedly tells him what is happening in the pictures. It's evident to anyone with eyes. Physically, she shares more traits with him than with me. Grey eyes, black hair, the same smile.+

His eyes find mine as he stops before a drawing—one of mine.+

"Mommy drew this. She says it was from a dream. Don't you think it looks like you, Daddy?" Aliana looks at Braiden questioningly, waiting for him to respond. +

"It is me. It is from the first time we met at a mandatory gathering. This is the royal uniform I had on that night." When I look at the picture, all I can remember from that dream was me looking up, my eyes meeting with intense grey ones. As Braiden stared at me, it was as if time seemed to stop, just like it is now.+

He tears his gaze from mine before moving on to the next row. This one has many drawings from my dreams, which I think are memories.

"This one is when your mom was stubborn and wouldn't sit next to me on the Queen's chair, so she had to sit on my lap instead." Aliana giggles, and then her eyes go wide.+

"Is Mommy The Queen?" Damn, this little nuclear bomb of information I forgot about. Queen. Of all werewolves. My stomach churns with anxiety just thinking about it.+

"Yes." Braiden looks from Aliana to me, his eyes filled with pride as he confirms it.+

"Ohhhhh, does that mean I am a princess?" Aliana asks, clapping her hands together excitedly. +

"Of course. But even if your mom wasn't The Queen and I wasn't The King, you would still be a princess." She squeals when Braiden tickles her stomach, her laughter filling the space. The look on his face is definitely one I would not forget and one that would find its way onto canvas. Adoration. Love. Joy. Even just in this moment. It was like looking at a different man.2

They continue working their way along, as Braiden explains my drawings. +

Braiden and I are in a corridor, him standing behind me in a full-length mirror. We are in a library while he is crowding me on a ladder. We are in a swimming pool. We are in a boxing ring. We are in bed. We are kissing. Moment after moment, we are committed to paper.+

The next day, when I painted them, I would feel so guilty, berating myself for having them. I thought they stemmed from my obsession with looking at his picture. It was the only thing that eased the ache in my chest. I thought that perhaps because I was staring at the photo so often, it created these fantasies in my mind. But now I realize they were real.+

"You remember me." Braiden's voice behind me makes me jump. 2

Aliana is no longer on his hip. She is busy playing with her teddy and a new pram Nick bought her for her birthday. +

I turn around slowly, worried about his reaction to all of this.+

"It appears I do." We stare at each other for ages, and how he looks at me makes me hot and bothered as a blush creeps up my face.1

"Do you like it?" I hate the uncertainty in my voice, wishing instead that I knew him better at this moment. That I could read his emotions better. Perhaps I can, I think, my eyes dropping to the mark on his neck.+

I call my wolf forward and then focus on tuning in to him. All I can feel is happiness, contentment, and...lust. But I can't tell if that is from him or me because, at this moment, I feel all of these things and more. Under the scrutiny of this man, which my mind only processes as I knowing recently, the rest of me blooms with a reality that is becoming clearer—that we have known each other for longer than a few days.+

"I love it, Ava. Thank you." The sincerity and longing in his voice almost destroys me. +

"Can we have cake?" Alina's interruption is welcome as I remember to breathe, Braiden's presence and the intimacy of the moment overwhelming.+

I plate up the cake Samuel arranged, adding three glitter candles positioned around the pink unicorn in the middle—Aliana's favorite cartoon character.1

"Blow out the candles and make a wish." Braiden stands beside her as she leans against the table, her face inches from the cake.+

"I'll blow out the candle, but I don't need to make a wish. It already came true." Her eyes drift between Braiden and me, a massive grin on her face.+

"To find Daddy so that we can be a family."30

Please don't forget to comment and vote!1

If you would like to support me, you can find me on Patreon here, where I am 8 or 9 chapters ahead with this story.+

https://www.patreon.com/greenwitchwrites (Search for me in Google if you can't find me as my stuff is rated 18+ and you won't find me searching in Patreon)+

If you would just like to support me once off you can buy me a coffee here https://www.buymeacoffee.com/greenwitchwrite+

All donations and Patreon subscriptions go towards publishing fees for my book, Scorching Sienna, which I am busy writing and hope to release on Kindle early this year.+

The dream is to write full time :) Thank you for being here and being the inspiration behind that dream.+

This body of work is available exclusively on Wattpad. If you're viewing it on a different website or under a different username, it has been illegally stolen, and you may be at risk of malware. Please do not support these sites, as writing a book takes long hours of hard work and effort. Head over to Wattpad and let me, the original author, know if you encounter this situation by finding me @greenwitchwrites.+

Braiden2

"She is asleep. Crashed after the sugar rush." Ava's voice, while soft and somewhat shy, startles me. +

I have been walking around my living room in awe at its transformation from its usually drab appearance. It was lonely before. Now, it is filled with color. I cannot imagine how they managed to do this in such a short period of time. All these memories are like little windows to events I am only privy to on the outside. It is a special kind of torture—heartache and joy. Ava is trying to lessen the ache I feel by not being there. I appreciate it, but it is a double-edged sword.+

"Is this difficult for you? I didn't mean for it to be hurtful. Not after everything you have been through." +

I turn to face her as she stands just outside the string of lights, her face concerned. God, she is beautiful. I have missed her so much.+

I don't respond. Instead, I take in every little detail about her. A fear I hate to carry now settling in me like a virus. The fear that she might be taken from me again.+

Her green eyes don't waiver as she stares at me, allowing me to drink my fill of her. Brown hair, piled into a cute messy bun on her head like I remember it. Red cheeks, a sign of her embarrassment even after so much time has passed. Still innocent. Still my sweet girl. Lips slightly parted as her breathing increases. My eyes dip to the pulse on her neck, the throbbing vein telling me more about her internal state than her scent does. Unsure. Nervous. Turned on. 2

My eyes drift down the column of her neck to the flesh exposed by her off-shoulder floral shirt—one I arranged for her. Perhaps it is a sign of acceptance. She even knows it as she smoothes her hands over the material covering her stomach. She looks uncertain.+

"I have changed." Her eyes dip down to her body, and she shifts nervously.+

"You are just perfect, Ava." I rake my gaze down her body, aware of what she is referring to. Childbirth has changed her shape. Wider hips, softer stomach. What I saw was my Ava. The mother of my child. Stunning. Gorgeous. Fucking flawless.5

I step toward her, the action drawing her attention.+

"This is beautiful." I wave my hand in the air, indicating the pictures and drawings on display, and then even drag it over her form.+

"Thank you." I take another step toward her, a small smile on her face now at my praise.+

"Were these the only dreams you had of me?" I take another step towards her, now only a few feet between us. I can see how this makes her anxious, her eyes darting to my feet and then to my face.+

"What do you mean?" More lust as I close the distance between us, inches now separating us. Her scent and mine mingle together, pulling desire up through my body. She feels its impact, too, as she closes her eyes and breathes deeply. Realizing, her eyes fly open, and she looks startled.+

"I have imagined you in many ways over the years, Ava. Not all of them are images I could display where our daughter can see them."+

She blushes fiercely, and then, with the courage I have always admired when Ava is in an uncomfortable position, she leans over and pulls out a folder hidden between the couch cushions. +

She hands it to me, her head tilted back as our gazes lock. The tension in the air is thick. Electric.+

I step a little back and open the clasp before pulling out page after page of beautifully drawn memories—dreams to Ava, but memories to me.+

Ava and I in an elevator as we kiss. Ava bent over a couch as I spank her delicious rear. My hand around Ava's neck, her mouth forming a beautiful 'o' as she unravels. Ava on her hands and knees as I penetrate her from behind. Ava with her face buried into my neck as she marks me. Drawing after drawing of Ava and I in every intimate moment we have shared.+

Ava is standing stock still, her eyes on the drawing in my hand, her breathing labored. +

"You remember." I wait for her gaze to meet mine, and then I pull out the picture in my pocket, the one I found under her bed in the forest house.+

"My photo," she says softly, taking it from me and holding it to her chest.+

"My photo, actually." I smile when she whips her gaze up to meet mine.+

She hesitates for a long time, her mouth working as if she wants to say something but is uncertain. And then she bites her bottom lip.+

I growl as my gaze drops to her lip, and she shivers before releasing it.+

"I looked at this picture more times than I can remember. Every time, feeling guilty. Until now. I was told you would kill me. That you would kill Aliana." I drop my gaze, about to take a step back.+

Ava's grasp on my arm stops me, and she closes the distance between us. She is staring at my chest, so close that I can feel her warm breath against my pecks.+

"Even with that threat, Braiden, I have been drawn to you. Opening and closing that picture like a lifeline in the last three years. Your face consoling me when my chest ached with a need that only thoughts of you could satiate."9

She looks up at me, tears brimming in her eyes as she opens herself up to me, the vulnerability etched onto her perfect porcelain skin.+

I can't help it. In an instant, my mouth is on hers, and her hands grip my T-shirt, egging me on and pulling me closer as we devour each other. Tongues duel and breath mingle as we dance a tune so familiar to our souls that they weep for the loss of four years.+

We melt together. We burn. We explode into a world of feeling and sensation. My arms wrap around her, pulling her even closer to me. She edges upward, her toes carrying the weight of her body. Time stands still as we fall into each other. Rediscover what we have lost.+

It is only when air becomes a problem that we break the kiss. If it can even be called that. Kissing Ava after so much time has passed is like being fucking reborn. 5

She stares at me dumbfounded, clinging to me even now. I can't help but smile. I am happy.+

"This is why I want you to mark me." Her finger gently touches my mark, making me shiver.+

"Do you remember how I got this mark?" Ava's finger stills, and she looks at me. +

"I remember only what I dreamed." I smile, and her eyes dip to my mouth again.+

"You were in heat, and we...eased you through it." I struggle to find the words for what happened that night. A night that bore fruits in the form of the little angel sleeping upstairs. It was hot and heavy, the thought of it making my already stiff cock ache with need.+

"In my dream, it was a lot more intense than us 'easing me through it'," she blurts out, her hand flying up to cover her mouth.+

"If I mark you, that is how it will happen." I let my words marinade between us. Marking and mating went hand in hand. It was only because of her blood being toxic before that I had somehow managed to hold back. Now, just the thought of that barrier being eliminated made every moment about that for my wolf. So much so that my dreams were filled with those visions as my wolf unconsciously primed me for the occasion.1

It had only one thought. +

"Mine." Ava's eyes are white as she vocalizes the very feeling I am having.1

"I understand that is how it will be. That is how I want it to be." Her eyes don't waiver as she permits me. And I am too fucking cowardly to ask her if she is sure.+

"I am sure Braiden. That is how I want it." Fuck. I growl. Seconds later, and one squeal from her perfect pink lips, I have her in my arms, her legs straddling my waist as I march us upstairs.+

Excitement bubbles with every step and her eyes on my face make me feel feral. +

I close my bedroom door behind us and then walk over to my bed, the enormity of what we are about to do making me hesitate.+

This would complete the mating process. This would make us one. 1

She cups my face in her hands, drawing my gaze to hers.+

"I'm ready, My King." Four little words seal our fate and unleash everything I have held back.5

It was time. Time to make Ava officially mine. 22

This body of work is available exclusively on Wattpad. If you're viewing it on a different website or under a different username, it has been illegally stolen, and you may be at risk of malware. Please do not support these sites, as writing a book takes long hours of hard work and effort. Head over to Wattpad and let me, the original author, know if you encounter this situation by finding me @greenwitchwrites.+

Ava1

"I'm ready, My King." Those words are all Braiden needs.1

He leans over the bed, dropping me onto it before pulling back.+

I'm nervous. For me, I have never had sex before. Never made love. In my mind, I am still a virgin with a child, as I cannot remember conceiving. But, if my secret stash of sketches is anything to go by, I must have enjoyed it. Just thinking of how I would wake up, wet and aroused, after having one of those dreams with The Black Death starring as the MC evokes a similar feeling of lust. Except now, the guilt that would always follow was missing in action. +

"I know you don't fully remember the last time we were in this position," he says quietly, wrapping his hand around my calf before slowly removing one shoe and the other. +

His hands knead the flesh of my calves before traveling upward, the feel of them on my upper thighs even more intoxicating. His black eyes search mine. If he expects me to tell him to stop, he has another thing coming. I can barely breathe, let alone formulate thoughts and sentences. Even just his ministrations of my legs are the most sensual thing I have ever experienced in my life. I gulp, and he smirks before slowly moving his hands even higher, up along the outer sides of my thighs, bunching the dress I am wearing until he reaches the band of my underwear.+

He growls as he hooks his finger in the elastic and then, ever so slowly, drags them down my legs. I squirm. I am so wet that he will definitely see it. He inhales deeply, his eyes closing for a minute before opening again. +

"Fuck Ava, I have missed your scent. Missed how sweet your pussy smells and tastes." Oh. My. God. 8

I moan, and he takes this as his cue to dive right in. His tongue against my inner thigh makes me jump, but Braiden's hold on my hips keeps me where he wants me. His breath fans my core, and I try bucking against his hold, the need already unfurling. +

"Needy little minx," a soft chuckle follows his words, and then his mouth is where I need it. Lapping at the entrance and swirling around my clit until I am making sounds I didn't know I could make. Whimpering, wanton noises that merge with the sounds of Braiden's tongue against my pussy to form an erotic symphony.  3

I am edging toward my release, needing him to be closer, deeper. My hands find their way into his hair, and déjà vu of this moment engulfs me before I am pulled back to the present, pushing his head against me as I ride his face. +

"I'm so close, Braiden," I pant, arching my back as the feeling intensifies. Then he inserts a finger while simultaneously circling my nub with his tongue, and I burst into a million tiny pieces, my eyes slamming shut as I shake under the strength of the orgasm. 6

When I open my eyes again, Braiden is standing between my legs naked. He licks his lips. The thought of me on his tongue and me as the cause of the hooded lust and hunger on his face makes me blush. Then I look down. Damn. Bad idea. His cock is huge. And hard as granite. His hand palms it, stroking it from the tip to the base.+

"Dress off." With difficulty,  I tear my gaze from the sight of the erotic show and quickly take off my dress, followed by my bra. +

My breasts feel heavy and full. My nipples ache as if his gaze is physically touching them. +

"You're sensational, Ava. Every part of you is made for every part of me. Like a jigsaw. Do you want to see how well we fit?" His eyes are so black it is like looking into the abyss of hell itself. But I am not afraid. 6

I nod my head in response, but he shakes his head. Then he leans forward, crowding me and forcing me back.+

"Words, My Queen." His head dips into my neck, where his mouth attaches to the spot he will mark before dragging his tongue down to the peak of my breast. He pulls slightly back, his breath millimeters from my aching breast.+

His eyes meet mine, waiting.+

"Yes, I want to see how well we fit." Another smirk and then heaven as his warm mouth encloses my breast and his tongue circles my nipple. I'm delirious as he alternates between the two while his hand finds my center, the two fingers he slips inside me immediately working my g-spot. He plays me like a fiddle, reminding me who its master is. I don't last long before I am squeezing those fingers as another orgasm rips through my body, leaving me panting and moaning in ecstasy. 1

He pulls me forward, forcing me to straddle him as he stands up. His cock is at my entrance. I can feel its heat and the girth of his tip resting against my lips. +

Our gazes are locked, and then his finger shifts my hair, exposing my neck. +

"Are you ready for me, Ava? There's no turning back from here." His voice is strained as he jerks against my core, his body eager to finish what we have started. +

"I'm ready," One, two, three breaths, and then he drops his hold on me, gravity doing the rest as my lips stretch and muscles part as he fucks himself into me in one swift and delicious motion. The exquisite feeling of being so full, so filled to the brim with Braiden, is the fuel as another orgasm builds. I can already tell this one will destroy me.2

"Fuck. So tight. So perfect." With his hands now under my ass, he drives into me, over and over, until I am screaming his name, begging him to fuck me deeper and harder. He obliges, and before I know it, I am on the edge of madness, losing my mind. We are both close. I can tell by the animalistic way we are grinding against each other.+

"It's time, Ava." His voice is husky, and I nod, angling my head to the side to give him access. +

He growls, followed by a sharp pain and then a burst of emotions, his mouth still latched onto my neck as we come at the same time. It is nothing like the orgasms before. This one consumes me, and as Braiden releases my neck, I am biting into his, reopening the scars that fit my teeth perfectly. My body racks with another orgasm while Briaden holds me close. 2

Then, I feel pressure in my head, followed by darkness. +

"My King. She is fine. Her vitals are stable. She must have just passed out from the marking. It can happen." 2

These words are muffled, pulling me from wherever I have gone. Wow. I fainted. +

I try to concentrate, but another voice comes through—Braiden's. He sounds distressed, and I can almost feel how upset he is.+

"Is she okay? Fuck. Was this too much too soon? Does she regret it?" +

I try to speak, but my throat is dry. Eventually, I manage to croak out a few words.+

"I'm okay, and I don't regret anything." 5

"Ava, you're awake." I can feel the relief as he says the words, my eyes prying open.+

And then I start hearing it. Voices. Loads of them. +

"My Queen." "It has happened." "My King has marked her." Loads of voices overwhelm me, making my head pound.+

"Ugh, what's going on?" I ask as Braiden's hand rubs my back reassuringly while I cradle my head.+

"It's your link, Ava, to me, to the royal pack. Try to block it out." Braiden's voice is soft amongst the ones in my head, but I catch it nonetheless, thinking back to when I was in a pack. It was so long ago that I forgot how loud this could be. +

"I remember Nick telling me how bad this was when he mated with Samuel. He said I should visualize a tap and that I can open and close it at will. I think you told him that." +

The room goes dead quiet, so much so that amongst the voices in my mind, I can hear the second hand of a clock ticking nearby. +

"Ava. Your memories. They are back." Braiden's words sink in, and simultaneously, everything coalesces to form one big picture. Memories implanted are grainy and have a distorted view to them, like when you wake up from a dream and it starts fading. What is back is everything that has been hidden. 6

From the moment I was captured in the building in Blakely. How I was drugged. The excruciating pain as they removed the silver and how I, along with Aliana, nearly died from that procedure. The recovery in isolation. More drugs to subdue me. Being in a white padded room and struggling against the restraints as they used shock therapy and hypnosis to trick me into believing Braiden was the one out to kill us. That Jerry was the one who had saved me.  Braidens mothers face with a smirk on her lips as she watched them torture me. 13

Oh my god. I whip my gaze over to Braiden.+

"I remember everything." My heart beats out of my chest as everything crashes into place. 1

"I know how to find The Underground. I know how to find The Butcher." 11

Please don't forget to comment and vote!+

This body of work is available exclusively on Wattpad. If you're viewing it on a different website or under a different username, it has been illegally stolen, and you may be at risk of malware. Please do not support these sites, as writing a book takes long hours of hard work and effort. Head over to Wattpad and let me, the original author, know if you encounter this situation by finding me @greenwitchwrites.1

Braiden+

"You can stay here with Aliana. There is no reason to put yourself through this." Green eyes look at me with the same exasperated expression following the previous six times I have said the same words. +

"You know I can't, Braiden. I need to see the end of this. It is the only way we can continue and live happily. It has to be me. After everything they have done to me, and you, since we were small, I cannot leave the revenge to you alone. I know that makes me sound bad. That it may even sound crazy, but it's not. This is what I need to finish things for good. To set aside the past and move forward." 3

While I understand this, I don't like that we are using her as bait to draw out The Butcher. What if something went wrong? I had just got her back again. I don't think I would survive losing her another time.+

"You won't lose me. I promise." She puts her hand against my chin, the stubble there an indicator of the stress over the last couple of days since marking her. There wasn't even time to shave. The feeling of the sparks between us still gets me even now. While her touch eases me, I can tell that until this is over, she will not be able to rest. Neither will I. 1

"It's time, My King, My Queen." Samuel and Nick's arrival signals the start of this plan as Ava drops her hand, the loss of contact already spiking my anxiety. +

Nick is worried. I can tell by the way he is nervously biting his lip.+

"Are you-" Ava cuts him off before he can finish his sentence.+

"Don't ask me if I'm sure. I am." He approaches her and then wraps her in a bear hug. They had been together through everything. Everything except the last four years, which was stolen from them. From all of us. +

"Look after our daughter. Don't let her worry." He nods vigorously, and tears shine in both their eyes when they pull apart. +

Aliana was with her new friends at the school, unaware of what was happening. The last thing I wanted was for her to worry. She had been through so much already. As far as she knew, we were going to an official function, which wasn't far from the truth. Ava recalled that Jerry had told her about a celebration they were holding at the main Underground facility in the North. One happening in just a few hours. Everyone would be there. All the senior members and also The Butcher. It was the best chance we had of getting revenge and taking down the head of the snake.5

I had already arranged support from the packs in the areas, and their best warriors, along with the royal guard accompanying us, were waiting at a small airport near there. One we would be flying to shortly. It was the biggest organized raid in the history of werewolves in the last ten years. +

I just hoped that they hadn't somehow been tipped off. It didn't seem like it. Not according to my mother.1

At Ava's prompting to look at the bigger picture it would achieve, I allowed the woman responsible for much of my anguish to live, albeit in the medium-level prison on the Eastern border. For life, she agreed to help us. I doubted anything else would have moved her to help me. Not even just the fact that she would be helping her son. The bitter taste it left in my mouth still bothered me. I wanted to feel nothing. I wanted to feel the same way she so clearly felt about me. But it still stings. Still hurt as much as I tried burying the feeling. 6

She called The Butcher and arranged to meet him tonight with news on my mate's whereabouts and how to capture her. It appeared the function was going ahead. And they were keen to have this information—so eager that mother of the year had been given a special pass to enter the grounds at the rear of the building, reserved for the upper echelon.1

I look at her, and the disgust whenever I do now seems permanent. She is dressed to the nines, even wearing the heavy gold necklace she always wears when she goes out—all to keep up with the ruse. The only difference is that where heavy gold bracelets usually sit on her wrists, two silver cuffs replace them, the metal burning deep grooves into her skin.2

My father and sister stand close by, flinching as the smell of burning flesh permeates the air. While I no longer see her as my mother and use the term merely out of habit, they are having a harder time detaching themselves, even after knowing everything. I was just grateful my father wasn't involved. But looking at him, there would be no way he could be. He was always so naïve and so...weak. Especially when it came to his mate. It is only now that I see it so clearly. The manipulation on my mother's part. The way she used my father's power as her own. And yet, his hand rests on her shoulder lovingly. 7

Ava's tug on my hand draws my attention.+

"Come. It's time." We head towards a black SUV while my mother heads to a separate car with Samuel.+

Everyone is quiet on the way to the airport, lost in thoughts of what is to come. +

When we arrive, we are quickly directed toward a small jet on the other side of the hangar. +

Half an hour later, we land on a strip of tarmac about ten minutes from The Underground location where the event is being held. +

I hold my hand out to Ava, helping her as we step out into the darkness now around us. Her face is pale, and her scent is tainted with anxiety.+

Next is Samuel, followed by my mother and the rest of the royal guards.+

Where is everyone? Alpha Darius was supposed to be meeting us here with an escort to the location. The hairs on the back of my neck stand up. +

Fuck, something doesn't feel right. Before I can voice my concerns, my mother starts laughing, the sound eery in the dead of night. 3

"Your escort is currently...held up. I'm afraid a replacement has been found. They will be here shortly." She laughs as she reaches up and flips the gold necklace around, a symbol engraved on the back. A triangle with three dots around it and a swirl in the middle. The Underground. This fucking bitch. She was wearing a tracking device.6

Off in the distance, I can hear men running toward us. Not our men. Humans. The Underground. +

A couple of shots have all of us ducking and moving to the other side of the jet, using it for cover. The royal guards stick close, but we are outnumbered. +

Luckily, I had expected the worst from her, but not so soon.+

"Backup is five minutes out coming from the West." My mother is fighting against Samuel, and my wolf is on the verge of ripping her head clean from her body. Even now, she would do something like this to us. +

"What backup?" Ava asks, hunching down to look under the jet.+

"Don't shoot her! We need the girl alive!" We can hear someone shouting orders, and Ava stiffens. +

"That's Jerry." Jerry. My blood boils, and my wolf pushes forward. The man who has been keeping my girls hostage. The man who brainwashed my Ava into thinking I would actually hurt her. +

"Backup is nearly here."  Samuel's words are drowned out as my mother starts shouting.+

"Hey! Here!" Before I can shut her up, Ava lunges, her fist connecting with the bitches face and knocking her clean out.8

"I'm sorry, not sorry. She will tell them backup is on the way. We need to keep them busy until then." Samuel is shocked, looking from my mother to Ava, while I can't help the smile that spreads across my face. +

That smile drops when I hear a voice behind us, making us freeze.+

"Ava. So nice to see you again."+

We turn around slowly, the man wearing a mask that has earned him the name The Butcher. +

He is flanked by another man, no, a wolf, with brown hair and brown eyes. Something about him is familiar. And his scent—I know it. It snaps into place. He is the wolf that was alone with Ava in the room during her heat, the one that jumped out of the window, disappearing into the woods.+

Men wearing The Underground uniform that I remember as a child and which have plagued my nightmares are all around us, guns aimed in our direction.+

The Butcher raises his hand, his palm covering the mask, which he slowly removes.+

It was the man I suspected but could never find evidence to substantiate my suspicions. 1

"Sir. Ravensborough."44

Please don't forget to comment and vote!+

This body of work is available exclusively on Wattpad. If you're viewing it on a different website or under a different username, it has been illegally stolen, and you may be at risk of malware. Please do not support these sites, as writing a book takes long hours of hard work and effort. Head over to Wattpad and let me, the original author, know if you encounter this situation by finding me @greenwitchwrites.+

Ava+

"Sir. Ravensborough." The Butcher.+

That was why I was so on edge when I met him at the gala event at The Madison Hotel. My wolf never liked him, probably residual effects from when I was seven and dragged into his office by my ankles. Or when I was in the white room and pieces of silver were implanted in my body. Or this last time when I was shocked while memories were implanted in my mind. Fuck, I hate him. I want to tear him to shreds.+

"You fucker!" I scream and lunge forward, my claws elongating as I swipe my arm towards him.+

Braiden jumps forward, gripping me around my waist and pulling me back.+

"Not yet, Ava. They will kill you or take you away before backup comes. We need to stay here as long as possible." 1

Braiden's words in my mind pull me back from the edge of my rage, and then I remember Aliana. Our daughter cannot lose us both. +

"You have become more feisty with age. When I first met you, you were a little timid, shy thing. I remember it well. It was the day your father traded you to The Underground. Traded you for his mate. Your mother was sick, which was unusual for a werewolf. That's why we captured her. We wanted to take that sickness and use it to eradicate your kind, but we couldn't replicate it, and she was hours away from dying. Your father negotiated her release for you, telling us that you were special and even more valuable, that your blood was special."+

I am trembling in Braiden's arms with rage as this monster talks so flippantly about events in my life that literally shaped it. I always thought the worst of my father. I never knew that he was forced into the situation. Even if it was trading his only kin, I couldn't imagine the torture that must have been for him. +

"We never really understood what he meant until the silver implants. That was when we realized how special you really were. We had experimented for decades, testing the limits wolves could take when exposed to silver. We kept implanting more and more, yet you kept surviving. That's when we started running new tests. We had been trying to harness the werewolf healing gene, studying its genetics. It wasn't until you that we realized the cure lay in your blood and the ability to fight diseases rather than in the werewolf gene as a whole. While in most werewolves, the ability results in the destruction of viruses, yours created antibodies. Immunity. The key to major illness housed in one little girl. Having that would make me the most powerful man in the world." 2

This guy was sick. Even now, as he tells this story, he has a dreamy look. Like he isn't some killer of hundreds, if not thousands, of our species. He didn't even see us as human. Our species was merely a means to an end.4

"You are lucky. We would never have traded you for your mother if it weren't for my son. But he took one look at you and knew."2

Sir. Ravensborough puts a hand on Jerry's shoulder, his smile telling everyone how proud he is. +

Then his smile drops.+

"All he ever wanted was you, even after finding his 'destined' mate." Sir Ravensborough air quotes destined, as if finding the mate given to you by The Moon Goddess herself was something to be joked about. It was the one thing our species held dear.+

I think back, and almost immediately, I know who it is.+

"Georgia." I always wondered about the looks she gave Jerry when we went to her café. Braiden told me it was her who told him where to find me. Perhaps she got tired of seeing her mate with another woman. Damn. That must have been torture. I feel so sorry for her.+

"Yet even when we wiped your memories, you couldn't give in. We will have to do a better job this time." He pats Jerry on the back while Jerry eyes me. It is the same look he sometimes gave me when he tried kissing me. When I would get physically ill. It was a look that told me eventually, he would take what he wanted.+

Braiden growls, and I put my hand over his, trying to calm him down. +

We had heard about humans and werewolves mating, but it rarely resulted in a birth, and when it did, the child never lived past their first year.+

"You're shocked, I can see. Human werewolf babies rarely reach such an age. I think the royal gene made him stronger than most conceived in this manner. He could have sat where you did, but his loyalties have always been with me."5

No. My eyes, along with Braidens, drift over to the woman lying unconscious on the floor at Samuels's feet. And then the enormity of what The Butcher is saying really sinks in. Jerry is Braiden's brother. 19

"No." Braiden's anger can be felt behind me as he battles with the truth thrown at us. +

"Somehow, I was your mother's destined mate. Go figure. Doesn't your kind believe in The Moon Goddess or something? It kind of makes you wonder how she would put the two of us together like that. Perhaps she wanted me to succeed. Anyway. The pairing was useful. I told your mother to remain by your father's side. He was a weak man, doting on her. At least with her on the inside, we always had a steady stream of werewolves to experiment on." The fucker actually laughs as he says these words.1

"At one stage, she even had you snatched up. But your father grew a pair and managed to find and set you free. Pity." 16

Fuck. My eyes once again drift over to the woman who I was going to kill. The bitch who did this to her own son. My mate. God, I would make it slow if my rage would allow it.5

"My King, they are in position. They are armed. Just says when." +

Samuel mind links both of us, and my heart skips a beat. Maybe we could get out of this after all. +

At this moment, mother dearest gasps, her eyes flying open as she looks around frantically.1

As she shouts out that there are reinforcements, Braiden gives the order, and all hell breaks loose. Wolves peel out of the darkness behind The Underground men who shift their aim, the distraction enough for us to jump into action. I lunge for the bitch, who is still screaming at the top of her lungs that reinforcements are coming, shifting into my white wolf as I clamp my jaw around her neck. Bones crack, and I hear a scream from Jerry as I put my paws on her body and pull, her head severed from her torso. So much for letting her suffer. 10

As I fling her head, Jerry shifts and jumps, throwing his body against mine so that it hits the side of the jet painfully. He winds me momentarily, that gap leaving me open as his jaw claps down on my upper leg. I push up, my size and strength as a white wolf giving me the upper hand. +

His jaw loosens as we fly through the air, him landing a couple of feet away from me. Damn, he got me good. My leg is throbbing, and when I try to put my weight on it, a sharp jolt of pain shoots down from the bite to the paw. Shit. It's broken. +

I stand on my three legs, only allowing the tip of the paw of my broken one to touch the ground. Fighting is happening all around us. Royal guards and neighboring pack members trade blows with The Underground, both sides understanding that whoever wins here will decide things for the years to come. +

I try to find Braiden, but he is nowhere to be seen. He must have gone after Sir Ravensborough. 3

"You might as well shift and give up. You are injured." Jerry has shifted back to his human form, the only way we can communicate. +

Perhaps that isn't a bad idea. It would be easier for me to fight with one arm than one front paw. I shift, but instead of my arm being broken, in this form, it is only sprained. Perhaps shifting has accelerated the healing? I don't let on, cradling my arm to my side and flinching to keep up the ruse. It would give me an advantage. 3

Jerry's eyes drag over my naked form, immediately making my stomach feel queasy. +

"I always knew you were hiding something delicious under those summer dresses. Soon, I will have you, Ava. You have always been mine."6

Those words echo through my mind, reminding me of when I was seven and saw him in Sir Ravensborough's office. Back then, I thought he was like me. But looking at it through fresh eyes, I recognize the smile between the men. The same lilt of their voices when they say those words. +

"I can see I wasn't missing anything," I fling back at him, my good hand sweeping over his form.+

"My mate is so much better. And the way he pleases me. Fuck. You would never be able to give me orgasms the way Braiden does." I goad him as we circle each other, one step of his countered by one of mine. 5

"You better watch your mouth, Ava. If you want to get out of this alive." He spits on the ground for effect while I laugh, his face turning red. +

"You should have watched my mouth as I wrapped it around Braiden's big cock. Mmmm." For added effect, I run my tongue along my lips.18

This is the taunt that sends him over the edge. I know this is his weakness, as he has been trying to mate with me for years. +

He lunges, but I roll to the side, forcing him to the ground. I jump onto his back, my legs wrapping around his torso as I extend my nails. His hand shoots out as I swing down, aiming for his neck. We struggle, me pushing towards him while he pushes my hand away.1

He jumps backward, sending us both to the ground as it hits my back painfully. If I let go now, I might not win this fight. +

I must do this. My mind goes back to the last four years. To every lie he told me. To every time he made Aliana feel bad for not loving him. For making me believe that he loved her. Everything comes bubbling up, along with rage and anger, until I cry out. +

He doesn't have a chance to scream as my claws dig into his neck, and I rip the skin away, a horrible gurgling sound coming out as he struggles for breath. +

I push him off me, and he flops over onto his back, his hands around his neck, his eyes pleading for me to do something. I am rooted to the spot. A pool of blood widens around, and then I watch as the life leaves his eyes.14

One down, one to go.1

Please don't forget to comment and vote!+

This body of work is available exclusively on Wattpad. If you're viewing it on a different website or under a different username, it has been illegally stolen, and you may be at risk of malware. Please do not support these sites, as writing a book takes long hours of hard work and effort. Head over to Wattpad and let me, the original author, know if you encounter this situation by finding me @greenwitchwrites.+

Braiden+

The last I saw, Ava was ripping my mother's head off. Then, all hell broke loose as both sides entered full-on attack mode. Somehow, I now found myself here, cornered and outnumbered, the smug smirk on Sir Ravensborough's face telling me this was his plan all along. Separate me from Ava, Samuel, and the rest of the royal guards to take me down. With me out of the picture, the wolves will be vulnerable. Leaderless. Except he underestimates Ava. They would still have her.+

"This is your end, King of Werewolves." Arrogant words coupled with a smug smirk. I would rip it from his face if it were the last thing I did.

I growl and paw the ground, ready for a fight. The Underground surrounding me are armed, some of their silver bullets already lodged in my skin. As a black wolf, I could withstand more than most wolves, but even I had a limit. Already, I could feel the effects weakening me. When I think how Ava endured this as a child and for most of her life, my fur bristles with renewed determination. If I were going down, I would take as many with me as possible—hopefully, even the devil himself. 1

In what may be my final moments, my thoughts go to Ava. She is alive, though I cannot get through to her. It can happen when we are deep in the fight. Focus keeps everything else out. She wasn't dead. That much I knew as our mate bond was still in place. I call out to her once again, hoping to speak to her at least once more. 1

"I wonder what will become of the royal pack once they find out you are gone. A blow to the werewolf world that we will certainly take advantage of." He continues smirking, and then I see him raise his hand, ready to signal the attack.+

Before his hand can drop, something comes flying over the man standing to his left, followed by a loud thud as it lands right in front of Sir Ravensboroughs feet. 3

Jerry. His son. Lifeless eyes and pale, bloodless body, thanks to a large chunk of his neck missing. +

His emotions change instantly, and I revel in his pain and the death of the man who had kept me from my mate and my beautiful daughter. If I were in my human form, I would spit on the lifeless body for good measure. 3

"No! Nooooo! Jerry!" He drops to his knees, his hands gently lifting the flopping head to rest on his thigh. 10

Who would have known. He actually has feelings.3

His eyes shoot up to me and then outside the circle, looking for whoever did this. The anger and rage in their depths are a pleasant change from his arrogant smile.+

"Kill them! Kill them all!" His shout sets everything in motion as gunshots fire. I jump to the side, a bullet grazing my shoulder as I lunge for one of the guards. Out of the corner of my eye, I see another guard aim for me, a clear shot to all my vital organs. 2

Before he can pull the trigger, a huge, white blur pounces on him, ripping his arm straight out of the socket. The next moment, wolves are peeling out of the darkness. Royal Guards, Samuel, and even some of Darius' warriors. They must have somehow been freed from wherever they were being kept. +

It's absolute carnage, with our side having the upper hand. We are bigger, stronger, faster, and our healing makes us a force to be reckoned with. I issue the instruction not to touch The Butcher, who is standing up, clearly panicked as he looks for an exit. Even he can tell which way this will end and it's definitely not in his favour. For the first time since meeting him, fear replaces all other emotions. It is so strong that as the last of his guards fall, a stain mars the crotch of his pants, and the stench of piss fills the air. 11

Oh, how the mighty have fallen.1

I look around, my eyes finding the one person I long to see more than anyone—my Queen. Black eyes meet white, but that is all the purity to be found. Ava's white coat is red with blood. We stroll towards each other, meeting in the middle as our snouts touch. She looks like the angel of death. 1

Proud. Fierce. My equal in all ways. Mine. 1

I howl, followed by Ava and all the wolves around me. It is the sound of victory. +

We walk over to Sir Ravensborough, his eyes wide with fright. +

His fear-tainted scent, coupled with the smell of urine, makes the bile rise, and I almost vomit at the combination. +

Samuel appears beside us, giving first me and then Ava some clothes. While Ava shifts behind a tree, I stay where I am, my eyes never leaving the pitiful man standing before me. 2

Ava appears beside me, the blood from the battle thick on her skin. I am fairing no better, and as the rest of the wolves shift, we all look like the warriors we are. Bloodied, with their own blood and that of our enemies. I order Samuel to arrange medical assistance for those shot with silver bullets, those effects not easy to overcome until the pellets are removed.+

"Please. Don't kill me." Ava laughs while I smirk. The change in the narrative now that The Butcher himself is facing the end of his life is quite humorous.2

I hated people like this. Where is his pride. At least if you are going to die, do it with a backbone still in place. He is as spineless as his son. Literally.+

I put my arms around Ava, pulling her tight against my body.+

"What makes you think I will let you live? After everything you have done to Ava. To our daughter. To our kind. What makes you think you will be exempt from suffering in the same way. If not more."+

I kiss Ava on the head and then unwrap my arms around her.+

"Do you want to do the honors, or should I?" +

"No! Please. I will tell you everything. All three thousand five hundred wolves kept at all thirty-five locations worldwide. I'll give them to you. And all the senior members of The Underground. I'll give you everything." 7

Gasps echo around us, and my heart sinks at this news. So many wolves. The entire operation. We could have it all, end The Underground for good, if we spared this piece of shit's life. Revenge or all of that.2

It's not my call to make. +

I turn around, and Ava's face is as shocked as the rest of us. And there are tears in her eyes.+

"All those wolves. Suffering." A tear slips from her eye, and I catch it with my thumb, a streak of white skin left in its wake.+

"You know as well as anyone what they go through. But the choice is still yours. If you want to end him, I will stand behind you. We will find them another way."1

It is selfish, but I can't take this away from her. After all this man has done to her, she has a right to end him. To make him suffer.+

She steps toward the bastard who has created her worst memories, her worst events.+

"I hate you. So much. Too much." Her claws elongate, and he flinches as she puts her finger under his chin, the nail poking into the skin until it draws blood. +

She pushes it deeper, his face contorting with pain as tears stream down his face and snot starts running from his nose.+

"You're pathetic. Really."+

She steps back, a scowl on her face. +

"I hate you, but I won't let you make me a monster." And with that, she walks away. It is done. This is the end. 7

Please don't forget to comment and vote!+

This body of work is available exclusively on Wattpad. If you're viewing it on a different website or under a different username, it has been illegally stolen, and you may be at risk of malware. Please do not support these sites, as writing a book takes long hours of hard work and effort. Head over to Wattpad and let me, the original author, know if you encounter this situation by finding me @greenwitchwrites.2

Ava+

"Oh my god! It's happening!" Braiden is running around in a panic, his face pale.2

"Where is the bag? Dammit, I should have put it by the front door. Aliana, are you ready!" +

I can't help it. I start laughing. +

This stops Braiden dead in his tracks as he slowly turns on his heel to face me. +

"Calm down. Just because my water broke, the baby isn't going to fall out immediately. We have time. And besides, the contractions are far apart."4

I shuffle towards him and then put a hand on his face, his whole physique calming. +

"I don't know how you can be this calm." His hand finds its way to my huge belly, the look of adoration on his face never getting old.+

"I'm ready, Daddy!" Aliana comes barreling down the stairs, her pink backpack already on her back.5

"I packed my favorite teddy and some books so that I can read to my brother. I can read big words now." The pride on her face makes us laugh. The next minute, Braiden swings her up in his arms, a big kiss plastered onto her cheek.3

Her giggle is short-lived as the door swings open. Nick is hot on the heels of Samuel, and the look of concern on both their faces is comical.2

"My King, My Queen, Princess," he greets, bowing slightly. "The car is ready, and Dr. Adams is on standby."7

"Ava, oh my god, I'm so excited. I'm going to be an uncle again!" Nick hugs me gingerly, the joy on his face contagious. 3

"Come." He holds his elbow out, which I take before we all head out the door. Braiden grabs my maternity bag, which is actually by the front door, just on the opposite side. I roll my eyes, and somehow, he knows it even with his back to me.+

"Your tally is up to twelve, Ava." I blush, and Nick snorts, knowing precisely what this is all about. We had stopped being intimate about a month ago, and to say that I was feeling deprived was an understatement. I couldn't wait to feel Braiden's hand on my ass as he dished out my punishment. 8

"You know you must wait a while before you can be freaky again." I punch Nick in the shoulder as embarrassment flames my cheeks. Braiden smirks, my thoughts and feelings not hard to read.+

"What is being freaky daddy?" Oh god. The whole group bursts out in laughter while Braiden fumbles for words.7

"Um. Well. Look at that rabbit over there." Braiden points randomly to a bush in the distance, and Aliana immediately focuses on that instead. +

"Where, Daddy, where? I can't see it." Aliana's little hand shields her eyes from the sun as she bobs her head left and right.+

"It must be hiding." Braiden gives Nick a look that would send anyone else running. But as my best friend, he has immunity.1

A short while later, we were all in the car, and Samuel was carefully driving us to the pack hospital.+

"If you go any slower, she will have the baby in the car." Braiden is anxiously tapping his leg with one hand while the other holds my hand in a death grip. He is so nervous. It is bittersweet to have Braiden around for this pregnancy when he wasn't for Aliana's. 2

We found out shortly after shutting down The Underground that we were pregnant. I was nervous telling him, afraid it was too soon. But he was over the moon. That same night, the whole pack was informed, and we were walking into a full-on celebration. This was stolen from us the first time I was pregnant with Aliana. All the love showered on me, on us, it was exquisite. It still is. To be part of a pack that loves and cherishes each other is something I sometimes struggle to believe is real. 1

But it is. And it is all thanks to the man beside me—caring, strong. My mate. Mine.+

He growls quietly as I push my thoughts down our bond. +

He leans forward, his lips inches from my ear.+

"Mine, little minx."1

I smile and then turn my head, green and grey eyes clashing.+

"I love you, My King."2

He leans forward, capturing my lips with his before pulling away. In his eyes, I see something I have been searching for all my life. Love. Home. This is where I belong.+

"I love you, My Queen."115

Don't forget to comment and vote!+

And that, my dear readers, is the end. Dun dun dun!+

Head over to the next chapter for something exciting coming soon! +

Thank you to everyone who has been reading my book and has made it this far. Your comments and votes really kept me motivated.16

This book was a true labor of love. It actually wasn't even labor. I enjoyed writing this book, and it flowed onto the pages with ease. Probably the easiest book I've written so far :) It was just such a joy to write, and I loved this couple so much.6

If you have loved this book and want to support me, you can head over to my Patreon. I am releasing a new werewolf book there called The Lycans Luna Witch (below is a sneak peek). Over the next couple of weeks, I will be posting the first ten chapters on my profile to give you an idea of what it is about. +

Joining my Patreon really supports me as I endeavor to self-publish a book I am writing offline. All donations and subscriptions go towards publishing fees. +

https://www.patreon.com/greenwitchwrites (Search for me in Google if you can't find me as my stuff is rated 18+, and you won't find me searching in Patreon)+

If you would just like to support me once off, you can buy me a coffee here https://www.buymeacoffee.com/greenwitchwrite+

See you in the next book, mwah!1

Below is a sneak peek of my new book, happy dance! Head over to my Patreon to see how our sweet witch Addie and our possessive Lycan King Hades crazy story unravels! These two are going to be spicy!+

The Lycans Luna Witch+

Chapter 1+

Addie+

"You're in for a delicious treat today. He is in a foul mood," Adrianna smirks, flicking her long black hair over her bare pasty white shoulder as she leans against the door frame. While she is the same height and size as me, standing at only 5'2" tall, that tiny body is a weapon that could rip my spine clean from my body in the same amount of time it would take me to blink.+

If the venom in her eyes doesn't kill me first. The only emotion I ever see in her beady, black-eyed gaze is pure, unadulterated hate. The reason behind it courses through my veins, a potent addiction to the Vampire King that even saw his bride pushed aside at times.+

Like now. +

Before I am summoned and requiring a headstart as I am on the other side of the castle, I am up and out of my favorite kitchen chair next to the window. It gives me an unobstructed view of the wildflower field currently in full bloom—the perfect distraction while I drain one of the rabbits the hunters captured early this morning. The action was pointless, in my opinion, as the meat would be served to beings that didn't even need to eat. However, the action's pretense seemed important to their kind. Perhaps to make them appear normal. To make us forget what they fundamentally are. Monsters.+

I drop the rabbit in the steel bowl nearby, my hands sticky with its lifeblood. The apron around my waist is stained with the evidence of my work. This section of the castle is usually deserted and reserved for staff only. Adrianna's presence here, her need to gloat, speaks volumes about her emotions. +

I square my shoulders and hold my head high, not saying a word as I pass her. The stench of her kind assaults my senses, the old, stale whiff of it making me want to vomit. It surprised me that even after sixteen years of being around these creatures, the smell of some of them still made the bile rise. I suppose it was as psychological as it was a physical reaction. While the stench was more prominent among older vampires, it was more intense when filled with hateful emotions. As if it physically tainted their bodies and impacted their aroma. +

I wish they could have smelt like shit instead. Their stenches' likeliness to opening an old book tarnished something I loved. +

Adrianna's cackle follows me as I run through the servant's corridor, which leads into a large room, the start of the communal rooms where all The Vampire Kings subjects liked to lounge around. Feeding and fucking. Sometimes, doing both at once. Luckily, if I could even say that, we were considered too lowly for the latter. This amused me as humans were the very beings keeping them alive yet considered too lowly to do the deed with. +

I stop and brace myself just before I push the door open. This room I need to pass through is the only way to the stairs to The Vampire King's chambers. The alternative was going a long way via the outside, but that added minutes to my journey—minutes that would only infuriate him, as he hated waiting.

As I enter, along with the stench of old books, the smell of iron hits my nostrils. Courtesy of all the blood spilled on the carpet. It sickened me how careless these beings were when feeding. +

There must be about thirty-two vampires in this room, each with a human. Either draped across their lap or out of the way, allowing them to fuck each other as the high kicks in. Pets and food. That's all we are. I catch Lilly's eyes as one of the vampires I least like, apart from The Vampire King himself, sucks on her arm, his nails digging into her hips painfully as he rides the euphoric high that drinking our blood evokes. Marcus. +

She smiles a timid smile at me, the action indicating just how accustomed and brainwashed we had become to this whole sordid situation. +

Like this was normal. +

"Ohh, I like the smell of this one. Come here." I stiffen at the sound of the male voice—a newcomer. +

Keeping my movements slow, I turn on my heel. These creatures could strike at any minute, given even just the slightest provocation. The last thing I wanted was to be unalive, just days away from my escape. +

I finally had enough money squirreled away to leave. I had been stealing small amounts, small enough that the vampires wouldn't notice, and had accumulated enough to get me out and far away from here. Hopefully, to the other side of the lands rumored to be hiding one of the last covens. I would finally be with my own kind. I last saw a witch sixteen years ago, when I was ten. During the peak of The Big Cleansing. Eradication of all witches. Which is why I have to keep who I really am a secret.+

The newcomer, who has been feeding off another girl my age, Maggie, drops her to the floor like a ragdoll, her knees hitting the carpet painfully. She flinches but doesn't cry out. Trained not to make a noise.+

There is still blood on his lips, and a trickle runs down his chin, hanging from the tip of it before hitting the already filthy carpet.+

"You should obey when I command. I told you to come here." His black eyes lazily travel my face and then move down the column of my neck. While he appears calm, the gleam in his eye at my supposed insolence tells me otherwise.+

"I wouldn't do that if I were you. That one belongs to The King." Marcus comes to my rescue, and a relieved breath leaves my body. Though, there is no mistaking his motives. They have little to do with assisting me and much to do with preserving his own kind. Other vampires hum in affirmation, none of them even glancing at me. They knew better.+

"Really." The newcomer drags the word out as he takes another step towards me, his scent indicating that he is still young—a new vampire. +

He leans in, his face inches from mine, as he inhales deeply, his tongue licking his lips lecherously.+

"My, my. The King's plaything. Is that why you think you have the right to disobey me? You think you are special." Snorts and laughter erupt at his words. They hated me as much as Adrianna did. I could understand why. The King would kill one of his own rather than lose me. +

While human blood was delicious, witch's blood was to die for. It was pure, sweet, and had rejuvenation properties that made vampires feel stronger, faster, and better—like an elixir on tap—precisely what a King needed.+

This is why he would kill his own for me. His addiction. I suspect he knew what I was, which made my situation even more precarious and further solidified my need to escape.+

The newcomer's finger reaches out, the tip barely touching my skin, when a flash of black followed by a gust of wind replaces the space in front of me. +

Vampires in the room jump up, and some pets are thrown to the ground. One even breaks their silence as she yelps out in pain—a sound that would cost her dearly later. I can tell by how the vampire next to her eyes her in disgust.+

"My King." The greeting echoes around the room as vampires bow, all other scents overpowered by The Vampire King's arrival. Old. And filled with so much hate. The familiar need to vomit assaults me, and I raise the sleeve of my worn dress to my nose, the calming scent of mint oil I place there for this very instance slightly alleviating the feeling.+

I shift my gaze, locking with the Vampire King's side profile as he holds the newcomer up against the wall, his feet about a meter off the ground.+

Silas Dragomir. Centuries old. The oldest vampire alive. And yet you wouldn't say. He looks my age. But where I have dark circles under my eyes, his skin is like porcelain. Even with no hair growing on his face, he is handsome. Except for the red eyes, mouth pulled into a slashing sneer, and long pointy canines that are all too familiar to me, he could be considered an adonis. +

Unfortunately, the inside did not match. He is anything but pleasant. He is evil incarnate, just hidden in fancy clothes and manners. When in public. +

We weren't now, so some of his true nature shines through.+

"Did you not hear Marcus' warning." There is no shouting from Silas. The steely edge to his tone is more terrifying than if he had raised his voice. Calm. Controlled.+

Except with me. Except when we were alone. Then things changed, and the real beast behind the façade came out to play. Cruel. Unrestrained. Sometimes reckless.+

"I-I'm s-sorry M-my K-k-ing," the newcomer stutters, his voice now devoid of the authority and arrogance of before. +

God, I longed to see anyone who didn't shrivel up in front of this monster, to see Silas' match.+

As I think this thought, a pair of gunmetal grey eyes flash through my mind—the same ones from the dream I had just last night, and the night before, and the night before that. How long had it been? A year? +

While oneiromancy runs in my bloodline, I still wasn't skilled at dream divination and interpretation, having no elder to guide and teach me.+

So what did it mean? A premonition? A warning?+

As if sensing my train of thought and wanting to solidify that there is no match to his power, his gaze drifts over to me. With one lightning-fast twitch of his hand, the newcomer is dead, his neck severed from his body, which falls to the floor with a loud thud. +

Unlike last night's dream, the hand around my neck now is biting and harsh, cutting off the blood flow until I see stars, followed by darkness.1

This was not going to end well.1

+

+

+

This body of work is available exclusively on Wattpad. If you're viewing it on a different website or under a different username, it has been illegally stolen, and you may be at risk of malware. Please do not support these sites, as writing a book takes long hours of hard work and effort. Head over to Wattpad and let me, the original author, know if you encounter this situation by finding me @greenwitchwrites.+

Braiden+

The last I saw, Ava was ripping my mother's head off. Then, all hell broke loose as both sides entered full-on attack mode. Somehow, I now found myself here, cornered and outnumbered, the smug smirk on Sir Ravensborough's face telling me this was his plan all along. Separate me from Ava, Samuel, and the rest of the royal guards to take me down. With me out of the picture, the wolves will be vulnerable. Leaderless. Except he underestimates Ava. They would still have her.+

"This is your end, King of Werewolves." Arrogant words coupled with a smug smirk. I would rip it from his face if it were the last thing I did.

I growl and paw the ground, ready for a fight. The Underground surrounding me are armed, some of their silver bullets already lodged in my skin. As a black wolf, I could withstand more than most wolves, but even I had a limit. Already, I could feel the effects weakening me. When I think how Ava endured this as a child and for most of her life, my fur bristles with renewed determination. If I were going down, I would take as many with me as possible—hopefully, even the devil himself. 1

In what may be my final moments, my thoughts go to Ava. She is alive, though I cannot get through to her. It can happen when we are deep in the fight. Focus keeps everything else out. She wasn't dead. That much I knew as our mate bond was still in place. I call out to her once again, hoping to speak to her at least once more. 1

"I wonder what will become of the royal pack once they find out you are gone. A blow to the werewolf world that we will certainly take advantage of." He continues smirking, and then I see him raise his hand, ready to signal the attack.+

Before his hand can drop, something comes flying over the man standing to his left, followed by a loud thud as it lands right in front of Sir Ravensboroughs feet. 3

Jerry. His son. Lifeless eyes and pale, bloodless body, thanks to a large chunk of his neck missing. +

His emotions change instantly, and I revel in his pain and the death of the man who had kept me from my mate and my beautiful daughter. If I were in my human form, I would spit on the lifeless body for good measure. 3

"No! Nooooo! Jerry!" He drops to his knees, his hands gently lifting the flopping head to rest on his thigh. 10

Who would have known. He actually has feelings.3

His eyes shoot up to me and then outside the circle, looking for whoever did this. The anger and rage in their depths are a pleasant change from his arrogant smile.+

"Kill them! Kill them all!" His shout sets everything in motion as gunshots fire. I jump to the side, a bullet grazing my shoulder as I lunge for one of the guards. Out of the corner of my eye, I see another guard aim for me, a clear shot to all my vital organs. 2

Before he can pull the trigger, a huge, white blur pounces on him, ripping his arm straight out of the socket. The next moment, wolves are peeling out of the darkness. Royal Guards, Samuel, and even some of Darius' warriors. They must have somehow been freed from wherever they were being kept. +

It's absolute carnage, with our side having the upper hand. We are bigger, stronger, faster, and our healing makes us a force to be reckoned with. I issue the instruction not to touch The Butcher, who is standing up, clearly panicked as he looks for an exit. Even he can tell which way this will end and it's definitely not in his favour. For the first time since meeting him, fear replaces all other emotions. It is so strong that as the last of his guards fall, a stain mars the crotch of his pants, and the stench of piss fills the air. 11

Oh, how the mighty have fallen.1

I look around, my eyes finding the one person I long to see more than anyone—my Queen. Black eyes meet white, but that is all the purity to be found. Ava's white coat is red with blood. We stroll towards each other, meeting in the middle as our snouts touch. She looks like the angel of death. 1

Proud. Fierce. My equal in all ways. Mine. 1

I howl, followed by Ava and all the wolves around me. It is the sound of victory. +

We walk over to Sir Ravensborough, his eyes wide with fright. +

His fear-tainted scent, coupled with the smell of urine, makes the bile rise, and I almost vomit at the combination. +

Samuel appears beside us, giving first me and then Ava some clothes. While Ava shifts behind a tree, I stay where I am, my eyes never leaving the pitiful man standing before me. 2

Ava appears beside me, the blood from the battle thick on her skin. I am fairing no better, and as the rest of the wolves shift, we all look like the warriors we are. Bloodied, with their own blood and that of our enemies. I order Samuel to arrange medical assistance for those shot with silver bullets, those effects not easy to overcome until the pellets are removed.+

"Please. Don't kill me." Ava laughs while I smirk. The change in the narrative now that The Butcher himself is facing the end of his life is quite humorous.2

I hated people like this. Where is his pride. At least if you are going to die, do it with a backbone still in place. He is as spineless as his son. Literally.+

I put my arms around Ava, pulling her tight against my body.+

"What makes you think I will let you live? After everything you have done to Ava. To our daughter. To our kind. What makes you think you will be exempt from suffering in the same way. If not more."+

I kiss Ava on the head and then unwrap my arms around her.+

"Do you want to do the honors, or should I?" +

"No! Please. I will tell you everything. All three thousand five hundred wolves kept at all thirty-five locations worldwide. I'll give them to you. And all the senior members of The Underground. I'll give you everything." 7

Gasps echo around us, and my heart sinks at this news. So many wolves. The entire operation. We could have it all, end The Underground for good, if we spared this piece of shit's life. Revenge or all of that.2

It's not my call to make. +

I turn around, and Ava's face is as shocked as the rest of us. And there are tears in her eyes.+

"All those wolves. Suffering." A tear slips from her eye, and I catch it with my thumb, a streak of white skin left in its wake.+

"You know as well as anyone what they go through. But the choice is still yours. If you want to end him, I will stand behind you. We will find them another way."1

It is selfish, but I can't take this away from her. After all this man has done to her, she has a right to end him. To make him suffer.+

She steps toward the bastard who has created her worst memories, her worst events.+

"I hate you. So much. Too much." Her claws elongate, and he flinches as she puts her finger under his chin, the nail poking into the skin until it draws blood. +

She pushes it deeper, his face contorting with pain as tears stream down his face and snot starts running from his nose.+

"You're pathetic. Really."+

She steps back, a scowl on her face. +

"I hate you, but I won't let you make me a monster." And with that, she walks away. It is done. This is the end. 7

Please don't forget to comment and vote!+

This body of work is available exclusively on Wattpad. If you're viewing it on a different website or under a different username, it has been illegally stolen, and you may be at risk of malware. Please do not support these sites, as writing a book takes long hours of hard work and effort. Head over to Wattpad and let me, the original author, know if you encounter this situation by finding me @greenwitchwrites.2

Ava+

"Oh my god! It's happening!" Braiden is running around in a panic, his face pale.2

"Where is the bag? Dammit, I should have put it by the front door. Aliana, are you ready!" +

I can't help it. I start laughing. +

This stops Braiden dead in his tracks as he slowly turns on his heel to face me. +

"Calm down. Just because my water broke, the baby isn't going to fall out immediately. We have time. And besides, the contractions are far apart."4

I shuffle towards him and then put a hand on his face, his whole physique calming. +

"I don't know how you can be this calm." His hand finds its way to my huge belly, the look of adoration on his face never getting old.+

"I'm ready, Daddy!" Aliana comes barreling down the stairs, her pink backpack already on her back.5

"I packed my favorite teddy and some books so that I can read to my brother. I can read big words now." The pride on her face makes us laugh. The next minute, Braiden swings her up in his arms, a big kiss plastered onto her cheek.3

Her giggle is short-lived as the door swings open. Nick is hot on the heels of Samuel, and the look of concern on both their faces is comical.2

"My King, My Queen, Princess," he greets, bowing slightly. "The car is ready, and Dr. Adams is on standby."7

"Ava, oh my god, I'm so excited. I'm going to be an uncle again!" Nick hugs me gingerly, the joy on his face contagious. 3

"Come." He holds his elbow out, which I take before we all head out the door. Braiden grabs my maternity bag, which is actually by the front door, just on the opposite side. I roll my eyes, and somehow, he knows it even with his back to me.+

"Your tally is up to twelve, Ava." I blush, and Nick snorts, knowing precisely what this is all about. We had stopped being intimate about a month ago, and to say that I was feeling deprived was an understatement. I couldn't wait to feel Braiden's hand on my ass as he dished out my punishment. 8

"You know you must wait a while before you can be freaky again." I punch Nick in the shoulder as embarrassment flames my cheeks. Braiden smirks, my thoughts and feelings not hard to read.+

"What is being freaky daddy?" Oh god. The whole group bursts out in laughter while Braiden fumbles for words.7

"Um. Well. Look at that rabbit over there." Braiden points randomly to a bush in the distance, and Aliana immediately focuses on that instead. +

"Where, Daddy, where? I can't see it." Aliana's little hand shields her eyes from the sun as she bobs her head left and right.+

"It must be hiding." Braiden gives Nick a look that would send anyone else running. But as my best friend, he has immunity.1

A short while later, we were all in the car, and Samuel was carefully driving us to the pack hospital.+

"If you go any slower, she will have the baby in the car." Braiden is anxiously tapping his leg with one hand while the other holds my hand in a death grip. He is so nervous. It is bittersweet to have Braiden around for this pregnancy when he wasn't for Aliana's. 2

We found out shortly after shutting down The Underground that we were pregnant. I was nervous telling him, afraid it was too soon. But he was over the moon. That same night, the whole pack was informed, and we were walking into a full-on celebration. This was stolen from us the first time I was pregnant with Aliana. All the love showered on me, on us, it was exquisite. It still is. To be part of a pack that loves and cherishes each other is something I sometimes struggle to believe is real. 1

But it is. And it is all thanks to the man beside me—caring, strong. My mate. Mine.+

He growls quietly as I push my thoughts down our bond. +

He leans forward, his lips inches from my ear.+

"Mine, little minx."1

I smile and then turn my head, green and grey eyes clashing.+

"I love you, My King."2

He leans forward, capturing my lips with his before pulling away. In his eyes, I see something I have been searching for all my life. Love. Home. This is where I belong.+

"I love you, My Queen."115

Don't forget to comment and vote!+

And that, my dear readers, is the end. Dun dun dun!+

Head over to the next chapter for something exciting coming soon! +

Thank you to everyone who has been reading my book and has made it this far. Your comments and votes really kept me motivated.16

This book was a true labor of love. It actually wasn't even labor. I enjoyed writing this book, and it flowed onto the pages with ease. Probably the easiest book I've written so far :) It was just such a joy to write, and I loved this couple so much.6

If you have loved this book and want to support me, you can head over to my Patreon. I am releasing a new werewolf book there called The Lycans Luna Witch (below is a sneak peek). Over the next couple of weeks, I will be posting the first ten chapters on my profile to give you an idea of what it is about. +

Joining my Patreon really supports me as I endeavor to self-publish a book I am writing offline. All donations and subscriptions go towards publishing fees. +

https://www.patreon.com/greenwitchwrites (Search for me in Google if you can't find me as my stuff is rated 18+, and you won't find me searching in Patreon)+

If you would just like to support me once off, you can buy me a coffee here https://www.buymeacoffee.com/greenwitchwrite+

See you in the next book, mwah!1

Below is a sneak peek of my new book, happy dance! Head over to my Patreon to see how our sweet witch Addie and our possessive Lycan King Hades crazy story unravels! These two are going to be spicy!+

The Lycans Luna Witch+

Chapter 1+

Addie+

"You're in for a delicious treat today. He is in a foul mood," Adrianna smirks, flicking her long black hair over her bare pasty white shoulder as she leans against the door frame. While she is the same height and size as me, standing at only 5'2" tall, that tiny body is a weapon that could rip my spine clean from my body in the same amount of time it would take me to blink.+

If the venom in her eyes doesn't kill me first. The only emotion I ever see in her beady, black-eyed gaze is pure, unadulterated hate. The reason behind it courses through my veins, a potent addiction to the Vampire King that even saw his bride pushed aside at times.+

Like now. +

Before I am summoned and requiring a headstart as I am on the other side of the castle, I am up and out of my favorite kitchen chair next to the window. It gives me an unobstructed view of the wildflower field currently in full bloom—the perfect distraction while I drain one of the rabbits the hunters captured early this morning. The action was pointless, in my opinion, as the meat would be served to beings that didn't even need to eat. However, the action's pretense seemed important to their kind. Perhaps to make them appear normal. To make us forget what they fundamentally are. Monsters.+

I drop the rabbit in the steel bowl nearby, my hands sticky with its lifeblood. The apron around my waist is stained with the evidence of my work. This section of the castle is usually deserted and reserved for staff only. Adrianna's presence here, her need to gloat, speaks volumes about her emotions. +

I square my shoulders and hold my head high, not saying a word as I pass her. The stench of her kind assaults my senses, the old, stale whiff of it making me want to vomit. It surprised me that even after sixteen years of being around these creatures, the smell of some of them still made the bile rise. I suppose it was as psychological as it was a physical reaction. While the stench was more prominent among older vampires, it was more intense when filled with hateful emotions. As if it physically tainted their bodies and impacted their aroma. +

I wish they could have smelt like shit instead. Their stenches' likeliness to opening an old book tarnished something I loved. +

Adrianna's cackle follows me as I run through the servant's corridor, which leads into a large room, the start of the communal rooms where all The Vampire Kings subjects liked to lounge around. Feeding and fucking. Sometimes, doing both at once. Luckily, if I could even say that, we were considered too lowly for the latter. This amused me as humans were the very beings keeping them alive yet considered too lowly to do the deed with. +

I stop and brace myself just before I push the door open. This room I need to pass through is the only way to the stairs to The Vampire King's chambers. The alternative was going a long way via the outside, but that added minutes to my journey—minutes that would only infuriate him, as he hated waiting.

As I enter, along with the stench of old books, the smell of iron hits my nostrils. Courtesy of all the blood spilled on the carpet. It sickened me how careless these beings were when feeding. +

There must be about thirty-two vampires in this room, each with a human. Either draped across their lap or out of the way, allowing them to fuck each other as the high kicks in. Pets and food. That's all we are. I catch Lilly's eyes as one of the vampires I least like, apart from The Vampire King himself, sucks on her arm, his nails digging into her hips painfully as he rides the euphoric high that drinking our blood evokes. Marcus. +

She smiles a timid smile at me, the action indicating just how accustomed and brainwashed we had become to this whole sordid situation. +

Like this was normal. +

"Ohh, I like the smell of this one. Come here." I stiffen at the sound of the male voice—a newcomer. +

Keeping my movements slow, I turn on my heel. These creatures could strike at any minute, given even just the slightest provocation. The last thing I wanted was to be unalive, just days away from my escape. +

I finally had enough money squirreled away to leave. I had been stealing small amounts, small enough that the vampires wouldn't notice, and had accumulated enough to get me out and far away from here. Hopefully, to the other side of the lands rumored to be hiding one of the last covens. I would finally be with my own kind. I last saw a witch sixteen years ago, when I was ten. During the peak of The Big Cleansing. Eradication of all witches. Which is why I have to keep who I really am a secret.+

The newcomer, who has been feeding off another girl my age, Maggie, drops her to the floor like a ragdoll, her knees hitting the carpet painfully. She flinches but doesn't cry out. Trained not to make a noise.+

There is still blood on his lips, and a trickle runs down his chin, hanging from the tip of it before hitting the already filthy carpet.+

"You should obey when I command. I told you to come here." His black eyes lazily travel my face and then move down the column of my neck. While he appears calm, the gleam in his eye at my supposed insolence tells me otherwise.+

"I wouldn't do that if I were you. That one belongs to The King." Marcus comes to my rescue, and a relieved breath leaves my body. Though, there is no mistaking his motives. They have little to do with assisting me and much to do with preserving his own kind. Other vampires hum in affirmation, none of them even glancing at me. They knew better.+

"Really." The newcomer drags the word out as he takes another step towards me, his scent indicating that he is still young—a new vampire. +

He leans in, his face inches from mine, as he inhales deeply, his tongue licking his lips lecherously.+

"My, my. The King's plaything. Is that why you think you have the right to disobey me? You think you are special." Snorts and laughter erupt at his words. They hated me as much as Adrianna did. I could understand why. The King would kill one of his own rather than lose me. +

While human blood was delicious, witch's blood was to die for. It was pure, sweet, and had rejuvenation properties that made vampires feel stronger, faster, and better—like an elixir on tap—precisely what a King needed.+

This is why he would kill his own for me. His addiction. I suspect he knew what I was, which made my situation even more precarious and further solidified my need to escape.+

The newcomer's finger reaches out, the tip barely touching my skin, when a flash of black followed by a gust of wind replaces the space in front of me. +

Vampires in the room jump up, and some pets are thrown to the ground. One even breaks their silence as she yelps out in pain—a sound that would cost her dearly later. I can tell by how the vampire next to her eyes her in disgust.+

"My King." The greeting echoes around the room as vampires bow, all other scents overpowered by The Vampire King's arrival. Old. And filled with so much hate. The familiar need to vomit assaults me, and I raise the sleeve of my worn dress to my nose, the calming scent of mint oil I place there for this very instance slightly alleviating the feeling.+

I shift my gaze, locking with the Vampire King's side profile as he holds the newcomer up against the wall, his feet about a meter off the ground.+

Silas Dragomir. Centuries old. The oldest vampire alive. And yet you wouldn't say. He looks my age. But where I have dark circles under my eyes, his skin is like porcelain. Even with no hair growing on his face, he is handsome. Except for the red eyes, mouth pulled into a slashing sneer, and long pointy canines that are all too familiar to me, he could be considered an adonis. +

Unfortunately, the inside did not match. He is anything but pleasant. He is evil incarnate, just hidden in fancy clothes and manners. When in public. +

We weren't now, so some of his true nature shines through.+

"Did you not hear Marcus' warning." There is no shouting from Silas. The steely edge to his tone is more terrifying than if he had raised his voice. Calm. Controlled.+

Except with me. Except when we were alone. Then things changed, and the real beast behind the façade came out to play. Cruel. Unrestrained. Sometimes reckless.+

"I-I'm s-sorry M-my K-k-ing," the newcomer stutters, his voice now devoid of the authority and arrogance of before. +

God, I longed to see anyone who didn't shrivel up in front of this monster, to see Silas' match.+

As I think this thought, a pair of gunmetal grey eyes flash through my mind—the same ones from the dream I had just last night, and the night before, and the night before that. How long had it been? A year? +

While oneiromancy runs in my bloodline, I still wasn't skilled at dream divination and interpretation, having no elder to guide and teach me.+

So what did it mean? A premonition? A warning?+

As if sensing my train of thought and wanting to solidify that there is no match to his power, his gaze drifts over to me. With one lightning-fast twitch of his hand, the newcomer is dead, his neck severed from his body, which falls to the floor with a loud thud. +

Unlike last night's dream, the hand around my neck now is biting and harsh, cutting off the blood flow until I see stars, followed by darkness.1

This was not going to end well.1

+

+

+





